{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17314561", "title": "Salary hike for muzrai employees", "text": "BANGALORE: Here is some good news for employees of muzrai temples. The state government has decided to hike their salaries by Rs 2000. This apart, the annual tasdiq (honorarium) being given to muzrai temples will be doubled from Rs 12,000 to Rs 24,000.There are around 34,000 temples in the state under the muzrai department. \"The government will soon issue orders in this regard,\" said muzrai minister Kota Srinivas Poojary here on Wednesday.The government has also decided to evolve service rules for the staff of the temples and a committee under retired judge Deshapande has been set up for the purpose, the minister said.In order to protect cows, the department is planning to set up Goshalas in temples which have 5-10 acres of land with them. Old age homes will be opened at Male Mahadeshwara temple in Chamarajnagar district and Yellamma temple in Savadatti in Belgaum districts. A women's hostel will be constructed at Kollur Mookambika temple and a men's hostel at Kukke Subramanya temple. A school for metally challenged children will be set up at Dattatreya temple in Ghanagapur in Gulbarga, the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17315652", "title": "UP industries to observe closure today", "text": "LUCKNOW: To protest against the electricity tariff hike imposed by the UP government on industries and business establishments, industries across the state are observing a day's closure on Thursday, November 22.The government would roughly incur a loss worth Rs 500 crore while Lucknow alone would suffer loss of around Rs 60 crore due to the closure, confirmed various industry associations in UP.In June, Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Ltd submitted its aggregate revenue requirement (ARR) proposals to UP Energy Regulatory Commission for a significant hike in electricity tariff for industries. The move was strongly protested by various associations.While UPERC was listening to complaints filed by various consumer groups, the government announced exorbitant increase in electricity duty from 9 paise per unit to 7.5 per cent of the electricity bill, which amounts to 400-600 per cent. As a resutlt, industries claim their electricity bills have gone up by 35 to 40 per cent and they are getting electricity at a 50 to 60 per cent higher price than other states, thereby increasing their costs and weakening their finances to compete within the country as well as with the international market.Prashant Bhatia, chairman of Indian Industries Association (IIA) said if the government remained indifferent to the pains of industries even after the strike, the agitation would intensify further. Reportedly, IIA along with other industrial and electricity consumer organisations have been trying to appraise the government about their problems for past few months, but to no use. Eventually on October 26, around 30 organisations of UP submitted jointly a demand letter to the CM citing \"inefficiency of electrical distribution companies and unreasonable treatment\" meted out to industrial consumers. The letter did not elicit any response from the government which in turn has forced the industries across the state to shut down their operations.Major cities and districts like Kanpur, Noida, Agra, Saharanpur, Modinagar, Muzaffarnagar, Azamgarh, Bareily, Farrukhabad, Ghaziabad, Allahabad, Kushinagar, Deoria, Meerut, Varanasi, Unnao, Moradabad, Rampur, Hapur, Bulandshahar, Deoband, Faizabad and Gorakhpur will participate in the strike along with Lucknow. The movement includes organisations like ASSOCHAM UP, Laghu Udyog Bharti, Indian Ice-cream Manufacturers Association, UP Chamber of Steel Industries, Western UP Chamber of Commerce, UP Hosiery Association, UP Biscuit Manufacturing Association and many others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316516", "title": "DMDK worker killed by gang near Chengalpet", "text": "CHENNAI: A 46-year-old DMDK worker was killed by a six-member gang in Vallam village near Chengalpet in Kancheepuram district on Tuesday evening. Police, who later picked up four suspects in this connection, said the killing of E Kannadasan could be a fallout of his rivalry with a few DMK workers of the area since last year's local body election.Around 6pm, Kannadasan was sitting at a ration shop under construction on Yadava Street reading a newspaper when six men came on three bikes. Kannadasan tried to run away but he was cornered and the gang attacked him with sickles and left him dying, police said.Kancheepuram superintendent of police S Manoharan and other senior officers visited the spot. The body was sent to the government hospital in Chengalpet for autopsy. After the killing, a group of DMDK cadres protested in front of the government hospital in Chengalpet demanding that police arrest the assailants. Police teams led by the additional superintendent of police (Addl. SP) Baskaran pacified agitators and promised immediate action.This is the ninth murder with a political motive this year in Tiruvallur and Kancheepuram districts, police said.Inquiries revealed there was a rivalry between Kannadasan and the DMK's Kalaiarasan, a political heavyweight, ever since Kannadasan's sister Kasturi defeated Kalaiarasan's mother Vishalam in the elections. Police suspect Kalaiarasan's hand in the murder. Five teams have been formed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "twilight star jackson rathbone , who plays the cullen family member jasper halle in the vampire franchise, recently revealed a tattoo of a ketchup bottle on his right calf. the rather large bottle of classic heinz tomato ketchup takes up most of the star's right calf. \"i love ketchup. i got a lot of flack for it growing up from my family. my dad would always say, 'do you want a little hamburger with that ketchup?' i was like 'dad i hate that joke,' jackson said during a tv show, while promoting the last film in the twilight series . here's a look at some other celebs with strange inkings", "code": "17320615", "title": "Jakson Rathbone joins bandwagon of uniquely inked celebs", "text": "Twilight star Jackson Rathbone , who plays the Cullen family member Jasper Halle in the vampire franchise, recently revealed a tattoo of a ketchup bottle on his right calf. The rather large bottle of classic Heinz Tomato Ketchup takes up most of the star's right calf. \"I love ketchup. I got a lot of flack for it growing up from my family. My dad would always say, 'Do you want a little hamburger with that ketchup?' I was like 'Dad I hate that joke,' Jackson said during a TV show, while promoting the last film in the Twilight series . Here's a look at some other celebs with strange inkings:Ke$ha The American singer, who famously tweeted a picture of herself peeing on the street, took to the micro-blogging site to put up a picture of her most recent inking as well. While the tattoo is rather bizarre, it is visible only if she chooses to show it off. In June this year, she had the words SUCK IT tattooed on her inner bottom lip. The picture was accompanied with a caption that read \"new tatt\".Megan Fox The Transformers beauty, who is now playing mom to her first child with hubby Brian Austin has a tattoo of the late Marilyn Monroe on her forearm.Pink Trust singer Pink to have a rather unique design inked on her. Among her many other tattoos, on the back of the singer's neck is a barcode, which was apparently the one assigned to one of her albums in retail stores.Jamie Foxx Actor Jamie Foxx apparently tackled a mid-life crisis by getting a new inking and that too, on his head. For his 40th birthday, the Oscar winner, who already has a few tribal art tattoos on his body, got another one at the back of his bald pate.Cher Singer-actor Cher, whose onstage outfits were often designed to show off her derriere has wings inked on each of her 'cheeks'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "17317631", "title": "PMK claims men arrested for anti-dalit violence are innocent", "text": "SALEM: A fortnight after the mayhem at three dalit hamlets in Dharmapuri district, Pattali Makkal Katchi (PMK) president GK Mani on Wednesday blamed \"some unknown miscreants\" for the violence and claimed that those arrested were innocent.A mob, mainly composed of people belonging to the vanniyar community, had looted and set on fire over 250 houses that belonged to dalits after the father of vanniyar girl committed suicide following her marriage to a dalit boy. PMK is considered the political arm of vanniyars and many dalit groups have blamed the party for vitiating communal relations and thereby preparing the ground for the assault on dalits.On Wednesday, Mani, accompanied by PMK state youth wing secretary R Arul and ex-MLA Kamaraj, visited Salem Central Prison and met the people arrested in connection with the violence on November 7 night. Later, he addressed the media and accused police of behaving in a dishonest manner by arresting innocent local residents who had only witnessed the violence. \"The people languishing in Salem jail told me that some unknown miscreants had set ablaze the dalit houses. The policemen who were present there failed to arrest the miscreants who orchestrated the violence to divide vanniyars and dalits in the region. Police have arrested only college and school students who did not take part in the violence. By arresting innocent people, police are spoiling their lives,\" Mani said.When asked about Viduthalai Chiruthaikal Katchi leader Thol Thirumavalavan's statement that PMK had vitiated the communal situation in Dharmapuri, Mani said he was shocked to read the statement. \"The violence was the result of long-standing animosity between dalits and non-dalits and had nothing to do with the marriage between a dalit youth and vanniyar girl. As a community, vanniyars have not decided to attack anyone,\" Mani claimed.Mani also demanded stern action against senior police officials who allegedly facilitated the inter-caste marriage. PMK leaders claim that the boy is less than 21-year-old, the marriageable age for men. \"PMK is not fully against inter-caste marriages but we oppose those in which innocent non-dalit girls are getting cheated by dalit youths,\" Mani said.Meanwhile, Mani Shekar, brother of Divya whose marriage with a dalit boy sparked off the controversy, also visited the men (many of them his relatives) lodged in jail in connection with the violence and demanded their release. He too repeated that most of the arrested people were college and school students.\"Police had arrested 23 college and school going students, including my relatives Suresh, Shekar and Ramesh. They are all students,\" Shekar told the media. He also demanded that the state government must release them unconditionally.\"We don't want to blow up this issue any further. Due to fear of arrest, no men from the village visited our home after my father's death. They were in hiding. I am the only man in the village out in the open. Now, other vanniyar families are blaming our family for the plight of their men,\" Shekar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17315916", "title": "CM inaugurates two projects in Navelim", "text": "MARGAO: On the occasion of the feast of Our Lady of Rosary Church at Navelim, chief minister Manohar Parrikar inaugurated a parking lot near the church and Sulabh toilets near the Navelim panchayat ghar which are part of local MLA Avertano Furtado's ambitious Navelim development action plan on Wednesday.After inaugurating the two projects, Parrikar left for Margao, not forgetting to commend Furtado on a job well done. During Parrikar's previous visit to the constituency, Furtado had criticized former MLA Churchill Alemao for having failed to carry out development projects in Navelim. \"Unlike Churchill who inaugurated the Navelim panchayat ghar that was incomplete and still is, these two projects (parking lot and Sulabh toilets) are being inaugurated after completion,\" said Furtado. An elated Furtado said other projects for Navelim included a bypass from Rawanfond to Firgulem to ease traffic congestion in Navelim and a railway overbridge at Davorlim amongst others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17316017", "title": "Vijay Choudhary murder: Four arrested", "text": "JAIPUR: The police investigating the murder of Vijay Kumar Choudhary (50), an accused in the Dara Singh encounter case, achieved a major breakthrough when four accused were arrested on Wednesday. However, according to the police, Choudhary's murder was not the outcome of his role in the Dara Singh case, instead he was ditched by some of his trusted men, who, he believed, will help him in another murder case.A week ago on November 15, Choudhary was brutally murdered prior to his reported surrender before the CBI court. His body was found in a village 18 kilometres from Ratangarh town in Churu with bullet injuries on the head.As per Choudhary's telephonic conversation with his elder brother Ashok two days prior to his murder, he was to surrender in the court on Friday.He told his brother that he had been implicated in the Dara Singh encounter case and requested him to be present at the court during his surrender.\"The accused were identified as Manohar, Dinesh, Mahipal and Sharvan who were booked under Section 302, 201 and 120 B,\" said a senior officer of Churu district.According to the police, Choudhary, who was the only absconder in the Dara Singh case, was also an accused in a murder case of one Ganesh Hisariya that took place in Fatehpur village in Sikar.\"Since this murder case was already being heard in a local court, Choudhary was attempting to influence some of the witnesses through the arrested accused including Manohar. He had also paid a big amount of money to him to ensure all the witnesses in the case turn hostile,\" said the officer.On November 14, Manohar along with other accomplices took Choudhary to Narnaul (Haryana) and handed him over to one Anil alias Pandiya. \"Later he shot at him (Chaudhary). All the accused including Manohar were involved in the murder,\" said the officer.Police added that rest of the accused including Anil would be arrested soon.The police added that they will also investigate as to why Manohar ditched him and handed him over to Anil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17319703", "title": "Allahabad Municipal Corporation removes encroachments to widen roads", "text": "ALLAHABAD: As part of the ongoing work of widening of roads for Mahakumbh, the Allahabad Municipal Corporation squad removed encroachments from Government Press crossing till Vivekannd crossing on Wednesday.The team accompanied by labourers and JCB machines pulled down several illegal constructions in the area which had encroached on the road and occupied Nazul land.The team also pulled down illegal hoardings, telephone poles and illegal projections on roadside shops.The team demolished the shops put up at roadside pavements and also brought down the ramps which had encroached the road.The Allahabad Municipal Corporation team also pulled down several roadside hoardings and roadside kiosks and shops which had been put up at the main road blocking the movement of traffic on both sides of the road.Earlier also, AMC conducted raids in many areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17316035", "title": "Manch convener yet to receive NIO report", "text": "PANAJI: River Princess Hatao Manch convenor Fermino Fernandes told TOI that he was yet to get a copy of the NIO report on the River Princess, which has been reportedly submitted to the tourism department. Fermino is one of the members of the monitoring committee which had been appointed by the high court of Bombay at Goa to oversee the removal of the ship's wreckage from the sea off Sinquerim beach.The RPHM had been formed by Candolim villagers who had been affected by the erosion of the beach following the grounding of the ship off Sinquerim beach 12 years ago. \"As I had said earlier, it is for the experts to say if an ything remains of the ship,\" Fermino told TOI. He added, \"I must say people are happy that the beach is coming up, specially the shack operators, and we are grateful to Arihant for that. At the same time, as per the terms of the contract, they should remove whatever is still left,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17315486", "title": "Judge Tahaliyani \u00e2\u20ac\u02dctrue flag-bearer of rule of law\u00e2\u20ac\u2122: Supreme Court", "text": "NAGPUR: On a day when Ajmal Kasab , the lone surviving gunman of the 26/11 terror attack, was hanged, contribution of Justice Madan Laxmandas Tahaliyani cannot be ignored. Justice Tahaliyani, now posted in the Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court, had delivered a near-perfect judgement in Kasab case as an additional sessions judge of Greater Mumbai.His wordings and citing of various Indian Penal Code sections in Kasab case drew praise from the Supreme Court. The apex court went on to recommend the trial court records of Kasab's case dictated by Justice Tahaliyani be included in the curriculum of the National Judicial Authority and judicial authorities of the different states as a model for criminal trial proceedings. The SC judges termed him a \"true flag-bearer of rule of law in this country\".\"In the course of the hearing, we came to know trial judge Tahaliyani. From the records, he appears to be a stern, no-nonsense person and a true flag-bearer of the rule of the law in this country. The manner in which he conducted the trial and maintained the records is exemplary,\" observed the apex court bench of justices Aftab Alam and C K Prasad, which upheld Justice Tahaliyani's verdict.\"We hold that in the facts of the case, the death penalty is the only sentence that can be given to the appellant. We hold accordingly and affirm the convictions and sentences of the appellant passed by the trial court and affirmed by the Bombay high court,\" the SC judges added.Even special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam lauded Tahaliyani's verdict stating it laid a platform for death penalty. \"The trial was conducted in the fast-track mode by Tahaliyani without a break. He used to work even on holidays for ensuring a fair trial and his observations were immaculate. He used to ask pointed questions to witnesses and also handled the accused in a proper manner even though Kasab used to throw tantrums,\" Nikam said.Justice Tahaliyani started trials of this attack on May 6, 2009, and delivered the judgment within a year on May 6, 2010, sentencing Kasab to the gallows for killing 148 and injuring over 248. The high court upheld this verdict on February 21 last year. Kasab, lodged at Mumbai's Arthur Road Jail, then filed a special leave petition (SLP) in the Supreme Court.Justice Tahaliyani was elevated as high court judge on March 18 last year. The top court confirmed death penalty to Kasab on August 29. The Pakistani-born terrorist filed a mercy plea with the President's office, which was rejected on November 8. .Justice Tahaliyani completed his law degree from Gondia's Natwarlal Maniklal Dalal College and started practising in 1977.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17315880", "title": "CBI raids at LPG agencies, godowns", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) sleuths from the Nagpur's Anti-corruption wing on Wednesday conducted sweeping raids on half a dozen LPG gas agency offices and godowns in the city and Bhandara.The raids were conducted to verify the functioning of the gas agencies following rise in demand for LPG cylinders and after several complaints against the retailers and distributors, it has been learnt. The raids were held to check discrepancies which include supplying cylinders with low fuel, giving out-of-turn and excess deliveries against hefty amounts, unauthorized transfers of dealerships, unsafe storage in godowns and fake customers among the few.The agencies raided were Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited's ( HPCL ) Agrawal Gas Agency near Tolani Chowk, M/s Bhawani Gas Services at Manewada, M/s Blue Flame Traders at Medical Chowk and Koche Gas Service at Bhandara, Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited's ( BPCL ) Bharat Jyoti and Domestic Appliances near Yeshwant Stadium, Indian Oil Corporation's Venkatesh Gas and Domestic Appliances on Bhandara Road.CBI inspectors Pradeep Lande, KK Singh, Hanumant Jangid, Hemant Kharabe, Vinod Kumar and MS Patil conducted the raids under the supervision of SP, CBI, Sandeep Tamgadge.Apart from offices, the agency godowns were also raided. The CBI also took record of the stock, checked safety standards and deliveries being made. A senior CBI sources claimed that the records and corresponding documents are being tallied. Action would be undertaken against LPG retailers and distributors where discrepancies are found, it has been learnt.Agrawal Gas Agency's godowns at Tolani Chowk, Hingna Road and Gondpimpri and of other agencies were being searched. The CBI officials learnt to have collected records for further action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17316863", "title": "Government schools in bad shape: Governor", "text": "KOLKATA: Governor M K Narayanan on Wednesday came down heavily on the poor quality of teaching and inadequate infrastructure in state-run schools and held \"years of past neglect\" responsible for the sordid state of affairs.\"Classrooms are in bad shape. There is lack of basic infrastructure facilities like libraries, laboratories and even lavatories,\" the governor said while addressing principals, guardians and stake holders at the annual conference of the Association of Schools for the Indian School Certificate \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 2012.Narayanan said in the case of secondary and higher secondary education in the state, there were several loopholes that calls for immediate attention. \"There is an acute dearth of good teachers.In classes IX, X, XI and XII, there are high repetition rates which need to be addressed in order to ensure more enrolment in higher education,\" he said.Asking the state government to prepare a vision document for the next 5 to 10 years, he said: \"I would urge the ICSE board members to make recommendations that emerge from the discussions taking place during the annual conference. Results of this discussion should be sent to the higher authorities of the state and I also want a copy of the same.\"State education minister Bratya Basu agreed that the governor's concerns were worthwhile but added, \"there is a gap between the ideal and the real\".Bratya: Trying to rebuild a crumbled edificeEducation minister Bratya Basu pointed out that private schools receive hefty grants and have higher fees that are used in developing infrastructure. \"We are trying to innovate ways to make schools more beautiful. We are awarding those schools who maintain their campuses well. Toilets are also being constructed in the schools,\" Basu said while conceding that the state \"will have to bridge the gap between the substance of what the governor has said and reality\".The minister added, \"We are trying to rebuild a crumbled edifice. We do not want to take grants. Neither do we want to increase fees in government schools. But, we are trying to expand the ambit of education and provide education to all.\"\"What he said is nothing unknown. Even the state is aware of the same. However, the new government is trying to fill in the gaps. It will take some time,\" said a senior official of school education department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17316611", "title": "Mallika Sarabhai\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s pupil in Narendra Modi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s fold", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17314684", "title": "DDA wakes up on underpass", "text": "NEW DELHI: Commuters crossing the chaotic underpass site in Sarita Vihar can expect some relief by next week. Taking note of a TOI report on the mess, Delhi Development Authority (DDA), which has been building the underpass for the last four years, has planned measures to improve road conditions at the work site. TOI's report had highlighted a number of problems, including lack of adequate signage, poor quality signboards that were not visible at night, insufficient barricading, and absence of traffic management. A thick layer of dust covers the intersection at all times.DDA spokesperson Neemo Dhar said: \"We are erecting new barricades where they have gone missing and are looking into installing more traffic signals where we feel they are required. New lighting for the barricading is also being looked into and the surface road, where damaged, is being temporarily repaired for the duration of the construction activity.'' The new measures are expected to be in place by next week and will hopefully make the stretch less harrowing for the thousands of commuters who cross it daily.Senior DDA officials said the agency will complete its share of the underpass construction by the set deadline of July, 2013, but timely completion of the project would depend on how long Northern Railways \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which is a partner in the project \u00e2\u20ac\u201d takes to complete its portion. \"A meeting has been scheduled for November 27 to assess the project status. The project has already been delayed due to some unavoidable reasons and we are now hoping to finish it at the earliest,'' said an official. The matter is also being pursued with the GM of Northern Railways.Already two years behind schedule, the Sarita Vihar underpass is estimated to be complete by July-August, 2013. The 1.2km underpass project was conceived in early 2008 and was one of the key projects planned for Commonwealth Games 2010. It was scheduled to start in December 2008, but work started only in September 2009. The initial estimated project cost of approximately Rs 127 crore has since then increased to around Rs 277 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17320626", "title": "Rajya Sabha paralyzed on day one of winter session", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rajya Sabha could not function on the first day of the winter session of Parliament with issues like FDI and reservation to SCs/STs in promotions triggering uproar that led to its adjournment for the day.Trinamool Congress and AIADMK raised the issue of FDI in retail when the House met at noon after the first adjournment, while BSP members rushed to the well raising slogans and created uproar over the issue of reservation to SCs/STs in promotions.With appeals by deputy chairman P J Kurien going unheeded, BSP members kept raising slogans forcing him to adjourn the House for the day.As Mayawati stood up, her BSP colleagues led by Brajesh Pathak raised slogans demanding a bill for reservation to SCs/STs in promotions.At least six Trinamool Congress members also entered the well raising the issue of FDI in retail but lodged their protest silently.AIADMK members also raised the FDI issue from their seats showing pictures of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and US President Barack Obama's togetherness on the issue.M Venkaiah Naidu (BJP) too rose to raise some issue but could not be heard in the din.Earlier, when the House met for the day, it witnessed turmoil soon after it mourned the death of Bal Thackeray and former members including former defence minister K C Pant and the loss of life in cyclones in the US and Tamil Nadu and during Chhath Puja in Patna.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh introduced the ministers elevated or inducted in the recent Cabinet reshuffle.Chairman Hamid Ansari tried to restore order but as members were unrelenting he adjourned the House till noon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17318269", "title": "Now, open a bank account for Rs 10", "text": "SHILLONG: Ten rupees is all that one needs to open an account with the State Bank of India (SBI) through the urban Customer Service Point (CSP) inaugurated by urban affairs minister Ampareen Lyngdoh at the MUDA Complex in Garikhana here. The SBI initiative is aimed at helping the economically-weak sections of society avail of banking facilities.The first urban CSP will be operated and run by the Khyndai Kyntoit Social and Cultural Organization (KKSCO), bank officials said, adding that initially 29 such accounts would be opened.The SBI has put in place biometric smartcards to operate the new facility, which was set up as part of its national roll-out of the CSP, which will function as a mini bank branch with a business correspondent available on all working days. It would also be equipped with a computer that is connected to the SBI's core banking network. Through a sensor, the fingerprints on biometric cards are recognized for identification purposes.Under CSP banking, customers can deposit and withdraw amounts as small as Rs 10, earn interest and get access to all other services offered by the bank.\"The CSP will also help customers avail of loans with interest rates as low as four per cent,\" KKSCO general secretary Anbruce Lyngdoh said. \"Transactions can be made at the CSP without going to the branch of the SBI,\" he pointed out.\"The recurring deposit account is flexible in nature and well suited to rural people and small vendors who do not have a fixed monthly income,\" Lyngdoh elaborated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "toronto", "code": "17317230", "title": "A new tool to keep your inbox spam free", "text": "TORONTO: Researchers have proposed a new statistical framework for spam filtering that can quickly and efficiently block unwanted messages in your email inbox.Scientists from the Concordia University have conducted a comprehensive study of several spam filters in the process of developing a new and efficient one.\"Our new method for spam filtering is able to adapt to the dynamic nature of spam emails and accurately handle spammers' tricks by carefully identifying informative patterns, which are automatically extracted from both text and images content of spam emails,\" said researcher Ola Amayri. Until now, the majority of research in the domain of email spam filtering has focused on the automatic extraction and analysis of the textual content of spam emails and has ignored the image-based content.When these tricks are used in combination, spam filters are powerless to stop the messages, because they focus on either text or images but rarely both. \"The majority of previous research has focused on the textual content of spam emails. By considering patterns from text and images simultaneously, we have been able to propose a new method for filtering out spam,\" said Amayri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17317121", "title": "Fat people happier than skinny peers", "text": "There may be an upside to gaining those extra pounds! According to a new study, fat people are more jolly than their skinny friends \u00e2\u20ac\u201d because their genes mean they're less likely to get depressed. Scientists from McMaster University in Canada found the so called 'fat gene' FTO is also a 'happy gene'.Fat mass and obesityassociated protein (FTO) is the major genetic contributor to obesity but scientists found that it is also associated with an 8% reduction in the risk of depression.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17317333", "title": "Ajmal Kasab hanged day after UN vote on penalty", "text": "NEW DELHI: As chance would have it, India hanged Ajmal Kasab a day after opposing a UN resolution on abolition of the death penalty.On Tuesday, India joined 38 other countries to vote against a non-binding UN General Assembly resolution, calling for the removal of the death penalty, saying every nation had the \"sovereign right\" to determine its own legal system. The resolution called for a moratorium on executions before the abolition of the penalty. The resolution was carried through after 110 nations voted for it.In its explanation of vote, New Delhi said it could not support the resolution in its present form. Other nations voting against were Bangladesh , China , Korea, Iran , Iraq , Japan, Kuwait , Libya , Pakistan and US.India said the death penalty was imposed only in \"rarest of rare\" cases and Indian law provides for the suspension of the sentence for pregnant women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17314885", "title": "Ajmal Kasab moved up the queue, is Afzal Guru next?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ajmal Kasab's hanging on Wednesday signals a switch in Centre's posture on the sequencing of hanging of convicts on death row, potentially spelling trouble for terrorists including Afzal Guru whom the Supreme Court has convicted for the audacious attack on Parliament in 2001.President Pranab Mukherjee's swift rejection of Kasab's clemency petition on November 5 marked a departure from the 'first come-first disposed of' stand -- requests for clemency can be taken up only in the order they are received -- that the Centre has cited to explain the delay in Guru's execution. Kasab was last in the queue of 14 death row convicts whose clemency petitions were pending with Rashtrapati Bhavan.Sources explained the upending of the order by saying that the government will use a new standard -- enormity of crime -- to determine the sequence in which clemency petitions should be dealt with. This can mean trouble for Guru, given the near-unanimity over terrorism being the most heinous of crimes: the one that can pass the \"rarest-of-rare\" test laid down by Supreme Court for determining the applicability of death sentence.The same sources also feel that Guru's case will meet the \"enormity-of-crime\" criterion, considering the attack was aimed at liquidating the country's political leadership and came perilously close to setting off a conflagration with Pakistan.The promptness with which Mukherjee turned down Kasab's petition - for which he was publicly praised by home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde -- cannot be a happy augury for Guru. Sources said Mukherjee was unambiguous about what punishment Kasab deserved almost from the moment the home ministry forwarded the Lashkar terrorist's file to him.Importantly, even Mukherjee's predecessor in Rashtrapati Bhavan, Pratibha Patil, who set a record by commuting 35 death sentences, came off as tough on terror. She rejected mercy petitions of killers of former PM Rajiv Gandhi and former Punjab chief minister Beant Singh.Guru is at No.6 in the list of those who have pleaded for clemency from the President, but the only one in the gallery who has been convicted for terror by the country's highest court. He should have had the company of two other terrorists -- Khalistani duo Balwant Singh Rajoana and Davindrapal Singh Bhullar. The Supreme Court had confirmed the death sentence of Rajoana and Bhullar for killing Beant Singh and for the bomb attack on former Youth Congress chief M S Bitta.However, Rajoana and Bhullar have refused to petition Rashtrapati Bhavan for clemency, leaving Guru as the only terror convict on death row whose life turns on Mukherjee's views on the \"enormity\" of his crime.The early morning hanging in Yerwada can also raise questions about the \"first come-first disposed of\" stand that the Centre adopted to argue why Guru's hanging could not be fast tracked, while strengthening the estimate that the decision not to hang him had to do with other factors: essentially the fear that it could trigger off violence in J&amp;K.;Having junked the insistence that Guru's case could not be made to jump the queue of clemency petitions, the Centre may find itself under pressure to carry out the hanging. A pointer to that came on Wednesday itself when BJP qualified its welcome of Kasab's death with the admonition of government for delaying the Guru's execution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316357", "title": "TJAC in a dilemma as yet another TRS, BJP face-off looms large", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana Political Joint Action Committee (TJAC) is in a dilemma yet again with both the TRS and BJP deciding to field their candidates in the upcoming Legislative Council elections. TJAC found itself in a tight spot during the recent Mahbubnagar and Parkal bypolls when these two member parties of TJAC faced each other. Pro-Telangana activists are concerned over an emerging piquant situation as a similar scenario had created a rift between TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao and TJAC chairman M Kodandaram when the BJP handed a shocking defeat to TRS in Mahbubnagar. And subsequently the rift got widened when there was a face-off between TRS and BJP in the Parkal bypoll.After a long-drawn tug-of-war between them, KCR and Kodandaram were able to patch-up just last week, but the MLC elections due for next March is already threatening to play spoilsport. While elections will be held for two seats from North Telangana - one each from graduates and teachers constituencies - and one seat from teachers' constituency in East Telangana. KCR has already announced that Swamy Goud, former president of Telangana Non-Gazetted Officers (TNGO) association and convener of TJAC, who joined the TRS last week, as his party candidate for the graduate constituency from North Telangana.As it is confirmed that the TRS would field candidates in the other two constituencies too, the BJP is also planning to enter the fray in all the constituencies. And TJAC's stand is crucial in this regard as majority of the electorate are TJAC members. Even as the efforts are on to convince TRS and BJP to field consensus candidates in the MLC polls, TJAC is likely to extend its support to Swamy Goud, who is active in the Telangana movement. \"The TJAC should support Swamy Goud considering his credentials as an active member of the movement. We will try to convince the BJP not to field its candidate against him,\" said Katti Venkataswamy, president of T-lecturers Forum and co-convener of T-JAC.However, there is no consensus among TJAC members on this issue. \"It is not given that the TJAC should support Swamy Goud. The TJAC has to take a stand only after deliberations. I think T-JAC will take a final call after the steering committee meeting,\" said Srinivas Goud, president of TGO. As a long term measure, some senior leaders of TJAC are even considering an option to ask TRS and BJP to forge a political alliance in the interest of Telangana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315768", "title": "Supreme Court quashes criminal cases against Jayalalithaa", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday quashed criminal complaints lodged by the Election Commission on the direction of the Madras High Court against Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa for filing candidature in two assembly constituencies in excess of the permissible limit during the 2001 polls.Under the Representation of Peoples Act, a candidate is permitted to file nominations from two constituencies but Jayalalithaa had entered the fray from four seats -- Bhuvangiri, Pudukkottai, Andipatti and Krishnagiri.When the returning officers of Bhuvangiri and Pudukkottai did not taken action on his complaint against Jayalalithaa for breach of the RP Act, DMK leader C Kuppusamy filed a petition in the Madras HC. On the directions of the HC in June 2007, the Election Commission filed the complaints against her. On appeal, the apex court in July 2007 had stayed the proceedings in the two cases.On Wednesday, a bench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad quashed the complaints against Jayalalithaa and asked the HC to consider afresh the DMK leader's petition in light of the stand taken by the TN chief minister in the apex court.Jayalalithaa's counsel brought to the court's notice that the HC ordered the EC to file complaints against her without taking into account the orders passed by the returning officers for the two assembly constituencies, who had found that she had not suppressed any fact or made any false declaration.The SC asked the HC to consider these decisions and decide Kuppusamy's petition afresh in four months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17317716", "title": "Police spoil plan to party over Kasab hanging", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was an anticlimax of sorts for a group of Hindutva activists when they tried to distribute sweets on the city streets to celebrate the hanging of Ajmal Kasab, the lone captured terrorist in the November 26/11 Mumbai terror attack, on Wednesday evening. A group of about six members had gathered near Gandhipuram, armed with a tray of jalebis to distribute among the public.However, police was in no mood to let the party and took them into preventive custody. They were later released on bail and the police officer claimed the arrest was made as the cadres had tried to gather at the spot without permission and also to prevent them from making any provocative statements in public domain. \"It is a great day as finally Kasab is no more,\" said Sasikumar, a Hindu Munnani cadre.The police action against the open celebration came in the wake of the sensitive situation here in the city and nearby areas after a spate of isolated untoward incidents recently.However, majority of the city residents cutting across age and gender divide welcomed the act of capital punishment and were of the opinion that Kasab deserved no mercy after committing the heinous crime, which resulted in the death over 166 people in Mumbai city. \"He should have been hanged long before. The government delayed in carrying out the sentence but it is good that they finally decided to execute him and send across a strong message to whomever concerned,\" said R Shakthivel, working with a private firm in the city.The news of Kasab's hanging came as a surprise for the city residents on early Wednesday morning. Social networking sites were soon flooded with posts from the city as people expressed shock and happiness over the verdict. \"Today is my birthday and I am too happy to hear about Kasab's death. The government has done the right thing. There is no doubt about it,\" said Arun Kumar, a multimedia professional in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17314841", "title": "Re-examine Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh border demarcation, says chief secretary", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief secretary SV Ranganath has asked principal chief conservator of forests, wildlife, Deepak Sarmah to re-examine the already demarcated inter-state boundary between Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh.In a letter written on Tuesday, Ranganath said this is necessary to avoid large swathes of Karnataka's land with rich mineral deposits landing up on the side of its neighbouring state.The letter followed a series of complaints on the issue by MLC and ex-MP KC Kondaiah in February this year, on the alleged discrepancies in the map prepared by a committee headed by Sarmah.In his representations, Kondaiah has urged the government, especially the forest department, to reconsider and resurvey the land that has been wrongly shown as falling within Andhra Pradesh. The lawmaker has alleged that a committee ended up ceding more Karnataka land to Andhra Pradesh than what the neighbouring state was claiming.\"The boundary between Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh runs through the Bellary range forest. To demarcate the inter-state boundary, both state governments have made several attempts but each time they have ended up with discrepancies,\" Kondaiah has said, adding that as a result, both states were claiming independent boundaries.Kondaiah accused the Sarmah committee, which recently surveyed the area, of conducting a \"patently erroneous\" exercise.The MLC alleged that the committee blundered at the instance of, and to benefit \"the then tourism minister and Bellary in-charge minister G Janardhana Reddy who is the director of Obulapuram Mining Company, a mining lease holder in Andhra Pradesh, his brother and then revenue minister G Karunakara Reddy, the then health minister B Sriramulu and present KMF director and Bellary MLA G Somashekhar Reddy\".The Sarmah report ceded areas with rich mineral deposits to Andhra Pradesh, while those without any such deposits and barren stretches were retained in Karnataka, Kondaiah alleged. He said that if the wrong findings of the report were considered by the CBI and Supreme Court, which is looking into illegal mining in the region, Karnataka may forever lose mineral-rich areas worth over Rs 1,500 crore to Andhra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17316301", "title": "Gujarat government defies protocol, spurns President Pranab Mukherjee\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s photos", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Pranab Mukherjee may have won the race to Rashtrapati Bhavan exactly four months back, but still there is no place for him in Gujarat's administrative headquarters! Or, this seems to be the message the Narendra Modi government wants to send out to the senior Congress leader who was sworn in as President in July this year.As per the General Administration Department (GAD) protocol, it is mandatory for offices of chief minister and other ministers, key state government establishments and government institutes to display photos of the President. Mukherjee's predecessor Pratibha Patil's photographs had been put up in Gujarat during her term.As per a GAD order, apart from the President, pictures of Mahatma Gandhi, Jawaharlal Nehru, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel and the Prime Minister are to be mounted in government offices. Subsequently, when the BJP came to power, pictures of 'Bharat Mata' and Jana Sangh leaders Syama Prasad Mookerjee and Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhyay were added to the list.But, four months after Mukherjee assumed office, his picture is missing. Also missing are photos of the Prime Minister, but that is understandable given the fact that the parties in power in the state and the Centre and arch rivals. It may be recalled that the BJP had voted against Mukherjee and supported P A Sangma for the presidential office.Jaysinh Chauhan, minister of state in-charge of protocol, said, \"The upcoming assembly elections may have caused the delay. We will do the needful.\" Venu Rajamony, press secretary to the President of India, in a written reply to a TOI query, said, \"The President's office provides photographs to the photo division of the ministry of information and broadcasting. It is the responsibility of each government department concerned to obtain and display them appropriately.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17319739", "title": "'Trees indicate cultural heritage, conserve them'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A two-day training programme on 'Propagation and cultivation of economically important trees' concluded at School of Forestry and Environment, Sam Hinginbottom Institute of Agriculture, Technology and Sciences ( SHIATS). The chief guest was scientist, Botanical Survey of India, Allahabad, BK Shukla emphasised that forest trees are important indicators of cultural heritage and natural resource used for timber, non-timber and medicinal purposes with an objective of eco-development, education and recreational with bio-ethical planning. He stressed on endangered tree species due to biological and climatic variations. The guest of honour PW Ramteke dean (PGS) spoke on the role of plant biotechnology in increasing yield of important trees through micropropagation.PJ George, professor (agronomy) laid the opening prayer with a note on traditional role of trees are diminishing due to increasing population pressure. B Mehra, associate dean welcomed the guests and participants providing objectives of training that latest knowledge on commercially important trees are lacking with requires innovative methods for its sustainable cultivation. The two days training programme comprised of technical sessions addressed by BK Shukla, Anita Tomar, scientist-D, Centre for Social Forestry &amp; Eco-Rehabilitation, ICFRE, Allahabad, Dr AM Wani on Chawanprash, propagation of bamboo and micro-propagation respectively.AA Ansari, joint director, BSI, Allahabad was the chief guest of valedictory function. He said anthropogenic pressure and land use pattern are responsible for endangerment of trees which need sustainable conservation through propagation. The programme was attended by Ramchandra, Amit Larkin, raveen Charan, omnath Sen, Media coordinator (Forestry), Neelam Khare and large number of students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17315551", "title": "BJP and BSP clash on filling of voter ID forms", "text": "NOIDA: The BJP MLA of Gautam Budh Nagar Mahesh Sharma and BSP MP Surender Nagar are at loggerheads over the filling of voter ID forms.The BSP MP has alleged that Mahesh Sharma and BJP workers are fabricating voters in the district in the name of increasing awareness about filling out voter ID forms. Surender Nagar and his party members met the district magistrate on Wednesday to lodge a complaint in this regard.According to BSP workers, the matter came to light when they encountered the forms being brought directly by BJP party workers to the Dadri Tehsil on Tuesday. According to the police, even though an official FIR wasn't registered, there were two cars in which these forms were brought. \"According to regulations of the election commission, no political party or NGO can directly participate in the filling out of forms,\" said Pardeep Bharti, district president, BSP.BSP members said that the BJP is running a campaign to increase awareness about registering in the voters list of the district and using Kailash Hospital, owned by MLA Mahesh Sharma, as its centre. But they alleged that instead of sending out the forms to the local BLO or the SDM office, the filled out forms are being delivered by BJP party workers to the collectorate in Greater Noida, which according to Surender Nagar is a violation of the election commission's guidelines.Nagar has demanded in a letter to the district magistrate that an investigation be undertaken on the allegations and the names on the list be tallied before its publication in January.Mahesh Sharma, however, denied all charges upon him and his party and instead alleged that Nagar and his party workers had misbehaved with BJP workers. \"All these allegations are baseless. We will also be filing a complaint against Nagar and his party workers,\" he said.According to the district magistrate MKS Sundaram, the matter will be referred to the election commission. \"The forms have been sealed and the matter will be referred to the election commission. We will forward the letter to the commission and take action on the issue on the basis of their instructions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17315278", "title": "Residents must pay house tax arrears as per old policy, say zonal officials", "text": "GURGAON: There seems to be some ambiguity regarding the new house tax policy with zonal taxation officials insisting that those residents who are willing to pay their arrears for the financial years 2008-09 and 2009-10 should pay according to the old tax policy. The main grouse of the residents is that the tax amount works out to be much less when calculated according to the new tax policy.\"The state government has announced a new tax policy this year in June and has tried to make it look attractive so that more and more residents come forward to pay property tax. A majority of the residents do not pay this tax because they think it is too steep. However, after the state government decided to impose a token amount of Re 1 per square yard per annum for those dwelling in housing units below 250 square yards and self-occupied flat up to 500 square feet, many residents like me are willing to pay the tax,\" said Ramesh Kumar, a resident.\"However, the zonal tax officials seem to be unmindful of the new norms in the policy and are insisting that the arrears for the years 2008-10 cannot be calculated according to the new policy even though there is a huge difference in the amount. It is clearly stated in the notification that arrears will be calculated according to the new policy. The reason why they are insisting is because they hope to get more revenue, while on the other hand the residents are trying to get as much rebate as possible,\" he added.The MCG officials too acknowledge that there seems to be some uncertainty about this issue and say they will hold a meeting to clear the doubts, if any. \"There could be some teething problems as the policy is being implemented for the first time. We will call for a meeting with our tax department officials to bring about more clarity. If we feel the tax amount of any resident has been calculated incorrectly we will certainly refund it,\" said a senior MCG official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319863", "title": "India Art Fair 2013 announces its 5th edition", "text": "India Art Fair, India's premier modern and contemporary art fair, announces its 5th edition from 1-3 February 2013 in Delhi.India Art Fair, India's premier modern and contemporary art fair, announces its 5th edition from 1-3 February 2013 in Delhi. Prior to the event, a VIP Preview will be held on 31 January,2013 The art fair will include 106 exhibitors from 24 countries and will include a video lounge, an art bookstore, art projects and a speakers' forum with over 40 eminent speakers from all over the world.India Art Fair will bring together a diverse and dynamic set of galleries and artists, showcasing a breadth of modern and contemporary art practices by established and emerging artists including painting, sculpture, new media , installation and performance art. It will offer international galleries a world class platform to present their works and explore the Indian art market, to meet new collectors and build relationships with key stakeholders.There will be 42 international galleries exhibiting in the 5th edition from 24 countries including India presenting an array of exciting art collections from several new regions such as Argentina, Bangladesh, Israel, Korea, Latvia, Turkey, Pakistan and Russia. The fair will also feature leading Indian galleries from Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Jaipur, Kochi and Agra.Some of the eminent speakers at the speakers forum will include Adriano Pedrosa (Curator&amp; Director, PIESP-Programa Independente da Escola Sao Paulo, Brazil), Chus Martinez (Chief Curator, El Museo del Barrio , New York City), Akiko Miki (Senior curator, Palais de Tokyo, Paris), Amin Jaffer (International Director of Asian Art, Christie's), Sandhini Poddar (Independent Curator and Art Historian, Mumbai, and Adjunct Curator, Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York). Barbara London (Curator, Video&amp; Performance Art, MoMA, New York), Liu Yingjiu (Deputy Director, Rockbund Art Museum, Shanghai), Dr. Boris Groys (Global Distinguished Professor of Russian and Slavic Studies, NYU and Senior Research Fellow, Karlsruhe University of Arts and Design, Germany), Hameed Haroon (CEO, Dawn media Goup, Pakistan), Robert Storr (Dean, Yale School of Art), Jeebesh Bagchi (Member, RAQS Media Collective),Geeta Kapur (Critic and Curator) and Tapati Guha-Thakurta (Director and Professor in History, Centre for Studies in Social Sciences, Kolkata).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315856", "title": "President signals uncompromising stand on national security", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reflecting his position on national security issues, President Pranab Mukherjee signed the file rejecting 26/11 terrorist Ajmal Kasab's mercy petition on November 5. The President, sources said, discussed the issue with the highest levels in government before signing on the dotted line.Sources said that with this first decision Mukherjee has sought to draw a clear line on India's uncompromising stand on the nation's security \u00e2\u20ac\u201d an issue he feels strongly about. The President felt his decision was the only logical and correct one to take under the circumstances.While his predecessor, President Pratibha Patil, had scored a record of sorts by commuting the death sentence of as many as 35 convicts to life, she was known to have taken a tough stand on tackling terror-related mercy pleas. Of the three pleas that she rejected included late PM Rajiv Gandhi's assassins and Punjab CM Beant Singh's killers.Article 72 of the Constitution empowers the President to pardon, grant reprieve or suspend, remit, commute sentence of person convicted of any offence. The President is guided by home minister and the council of ministers in exercising this executive prerogative which is subject to judicial review.Patil ended her tenure with a disposal rate of 200%. In recent times, President K R Narayanan received 10 petitions and disposed of only one during his tenure. A P J Abdul Kalam inherited nine petitions with another 16 added in his term, taking the total to 25. He disposed of only two \u00e2\u20ac\u201d rejecting one and pardoning the other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17315806", "title": "'46% Indian companies yet to allow use of personal digital devices at work' reveals survey", "text": "PUNE: Many business organizations have been encouraging its employees to use personal digital devices for official work as they result in employee satisfaction and higher productivity. However, there are some organizations that are yet to accept the concept of Bring Your Own Device (BYOD).In fact, 46% of Indian enterprises prohibit the use of personal mobile devices for work, revealed a study conducted by ISACA (Information Systems Audit and Control Association).The 2012 IT Risk/Reward Barometer Survey by ISACA covered 83 countries and100,000 IT audit, security, risk and governance professionals, out of which 56% pointed out that the risk involved in allowing use of personal digital devices outweighs the benefits.The survey also highlighted that India stood first among its global counterparts in prohibiting BYOD fearing risk to the company. This trend was followed by Europe (39%), China (30%) and US (29%).Regarding security controls for personal devices, nearly 47% of Indian enterprises reported deploying password management controls as a security layer, compared to China and Europe (44%) and US (42%).India registered lower interest on remote wipe capability (29%), which allows employers to erase the contents of an employee's personal device as a security measure, compared to US (46%), China (39%) and Europe (37%).\"The survey results are an eye-opener and present an interesting perspective on the methods of IT governance by Indian enterprises compared to its global counterparts. It is always a challenge to retrieve an enterprise's data when an employee using a personal device at work leaves the company. It is imperative to structure a clear policy for BYOD,\" said Avinash Kadam, ISACA India Task Force advisorAdditionally, the survey highlights that 33% of the respondents felt that the business heads are not fully engaging in risk management and 21% said that the budget limits remain an issue to effectively address the risks. Also, 39% of the Indian respondents felt that the situation can be improved by increasing risk awareness among employees.\"The survey highlights that there is a need for enterprises to educate and create awareness about IT risk,\" Kadam saidHowever, there are others who are in strong favour of the concept. Shubha Ramnath, Director - IT Services, at Citrix India said,\"Citrix believes in enabling its employees to work using their preferred device. BYOD is a good way to achieve this.\" In fact, Citrix offers a stipend of $2100 to employees who use their own devices at work.Shivesh Vishwanathan of Persistent Systems Ltd. said, \"We are currently implementing select enterprise services on employee devices based on their roles and function. Full scale BYOD implementation includes capabilities like remote locking, wiping or data encryption. The cost of implementing these checks and balances may seem to outweigh the benefits but there is no doubt that as mobile phones and tablets become mainstream productivity devices, having an active mobile and BYOD strategy is important and advisable.\"Cisco's VC Gopalratnam said the company implemented BYOD policy in 2009 and since then it has proved very beneficial for its organization and employees.\"The adoption of BYOD has had a positive impact on us. It has enhanced employee productivity by providing them the freedom to work with their choice of device which in turn allows them to respond faster.\"\"We have realized that the senior or mid-level management need to access certain information on the move. Hence, we customized a sales application that can be downloaded on smart phones which provides information such as sales report, production data and alerts. This enables the employees to access information anytime, anywhere and on any device thus making information more actionable,\" said Vinod Kumar Chief Marketing Officer, Ceat Limited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316289", "title": "Temple robbers strike again", "text": "HYDERABAD: Burglars continue to target temples in the city. On Wednesday morning, two places of worship\u00e2\u20ac\u201da Durga temple at Amberpet and a Hanuman temple in Medchal\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwere targeted by thieves. They stole two tolas of gold, a few silver ornaments and some cash.The Amberpet police said the thieves gained entry into the Durga temple by removing one of the grills and then broke the lock on the temple door. \"The thieves laid their hands on the mangalsutra on the deity, a few silver ornaments and fled from the location,'' police said.In Medchal, burglars broke the lock on the hundi of the Hanuman temple situated near Medchal tahsildar's office and took away the money, which is estimated to be around Rs 4,000. The incident happened around 5am. In the morning, temple committee members were shocked to find the hundi open and the money missing. \"The lock on the hundi was broken and devotees' donations were taken away. We have some clues and the investigation is under progress,'' the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17319229", "title": "Over 200 special youths display their creativity and style", "text": "LUDHIANA: It was a stage where actions and talent spoke louder than words. Over 200 speech and hearing impaired youngsters from across the country assembled at Guru Nanak Dev Bhawan, Ferozepur Road, to display their creativity on the concluding day of the two-day All India Art and Craft Festival for Deaf.The day started with a \"rangoli\" and a clay modelling competitions. The highlight of the event was Mr and Miss Deaf India contest, which saw about 33 special youngsters vying for the various titles.To ensure that they set the stage on fire, International Institute of Fashion Design (INIFD) students, Megha Sharma, Madhur and Deepak Bajaj, choreographed their fashion show. The jury included Mamta, Miss Deaf India 2009; Manmeet Sodhia, director of a fashion technology and hotel management institute, and Dr Sangeeta Kushwaha, director of a performing arts studio. The youngsters took the style quotient up as they sashayed down the ramp in formal, traditional and western attire rounds. In talent and question-answer rounds too they showed they were not less than anyone.Of 21 men and 12 women participants, 10 qualified for the final round for titles of Mr Deaf India World 2012, Miss Deaf India World 2012 and Mr Deaf India International. The show also saw some traditional 'tadka'. Eight speech and hearing impaired youngsters from a Rajpura institute mesmerized everyone with their bangra performance. And a magic show by Sheetal Kimmatkar of Nagpur had everyone under a spell.Later, the organizers, Punjab Association for Deaf and All India Art and Craft Association Society, said Mr and Miss Deaf India World would represent the country at International Mr and Miss Deaf competition that would be held in the USA in February. The event came to a close on a winning note, with prizes being distributed to the top scorers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17317057", "title": "Stephen's bars Life of Pi star Suraj Sharma from taking exams", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days before 'Life of Pi' hits theatres in India, Suraj Sharma, the 19-year-old star of the movie and a first-year philosophy student at St Stephen's College, may not know whether to celebrate the film's release or mourn the fact that he has been denied an admit card to take his semester exams.Sharma has already missed the first test \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Hindi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and will miss the entire exam if Delhi University doesn't issue him an admit card before Friday, when both his next exam and the India release of 'Life of Pi' are scheduled. While filming was completed before Sharma started college, he had missed classes while touring to promote the film.Sharma's case, however, is different from that of fellow Stephanian, Unmukt Chand, captain of India's under-19 World Cup winning team who wasn't allowed to sit for his exams because he was short of attendance. Sharma was asked to submit written assignments for the classes he would be missing.Principal Valson Thampu said Sharma had not submitted any assignment. \"We made the effort to go the extra mile and evolve this scheme, which is internal to the college and not something DU approves of. But for me to grant attendance, I must see the written work in my file,\" Thampu said.Suraj Sharma has been refused permission to take his semester exam for \"not meeting the prescribed attendance requirement\", which is 66.6%. His attendance record \u00e2\u20ac\u201d according to Thampu, about 47% \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is much healthier than that of Unmukt Chand.Sharma had taken a year off from school to prepare for the film and still secured a 94% in the board exam and joined the college on merit. Apparently, he even made efforts to work out a touring schedule that would overlap, at least to some extent, with holidays.If he is not allowed to write the exams, Sharma stands to lose an entire year as he'll have to take admission into the same semester he had failed to complete.\"He was part of an international production and that is not a small thing. But I consider myself dutybound to ensure that such a scheme is not belittled,\" Thampu said. \"He met me today and I asked him for copies of the tutorials but he says he'd written them and lost all of them.\"As for granting Sharma the attendance and admit card, he repeats what he had maintained during the Unmukt Chand controversy \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that the \"discretionary power\" is not with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17315478", "title": "All-India chess tournament in Gurgaon ends on high note", "text": "GURGAON: The renowned Russian grandmaster Gary Kasparov once said that a game of chess is equivalent to mental torture. And never are the stress levels as high as when the game is played at competitive levels. In such settings, the artful moves and elaborate strategies matter less than plain winning or losing the game within a given time-span. You require a different frame-of-mind. Or as one of the winners at Gurgaon's first all-India open chess tournament said, 'a good chess player thinks differently.'The recently concluded tournament hosted players from various regions and different age-groups, all jousting for the top position, and aiming to get their World Chess Federation (FIDE) ratings a little further up. \"I faced ten different opponents in the last three days of the tournament, and it was extremely enjoyable,\" said the Gurgaon based Vikram Ranolia, who was awarded the best in Haryana prize by the organizers.Ranolia turned 28 this year, and is now preparing to compete at the international tournament, to be held in Delhi next month. \"I won most games on the board,\" he said, recalling the hour-and-a-half rounds, which sometimes got even longer. But the game he remembers best was with a player from Kashmir. \"I didn't win that. It ended in a draw. But we spent over four hours on the game, and the moves on both the sides were very well calculated and measured to perfection,\" added Ranolia, who is also a part-time chess coach at the Delhi Public School in Sector 45, and teaches students as young as seven.This was the first tournament in the city which had a FIDE affiliation, which enabled the players to carry forward the points their winning points in the international arena. The final winner, awarded nine FIDE points and Rs 50,000 cash, was a 26-year-old Rohtak resident Himanshu Sharma.According to organizers, chess tournaments these days get not just a good number of participants, but spectators, which is an indication of how popular the game has come to be. \"I have submitted a bid for a national under-13 and a national under-19 tournaments for Gurgaon,\" said Naresh Sharma, the general secretary of the Haryana Chess Association, which organized the current challenge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17316901", "title": "Wankhede curator in a fix over MS Dhoni's demand for 'Day-One turner'", "text": "MUMBAI: Sudhir Naik, the Wankhede Stadium curator, walked out of the field after a long day's work on Wednesday afternoon, pouting at the sight of the Indian team that had arrived for a practice session and gnawing away at inquisitive journalists.\"They want it to turn from the first ball... Yeh kya laga rakhe hain (what are they thinking?),\" he murmured. \"Pehla over bhi nahi, pehle ball se turn chahiye (they want the ball to turn not only in the first over but the first ball),\" the mumbling continued. When asked to comment on how the pitch is going to behave, he snapped: \"I'll lose my job if I talk.\"The pitch has to assist turn from the start, or as early as possible. That is the demand made by captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni as Team India look ahead to the Wankhede, the venue for the second Test against England beginning on Friday, desperately seeking 'home advantage'. The advantage, clearly, has to be more 'homely' than what the Gujarat Cricket Association dished out in the first Test at Motera. The Motera wicket did turn but not early enough. And when it did, the bounce was missing and the pace only slowed as the game progressed.Luckily for India, Dhoni won the toss, which ensured that England wouldn't get to bat on the pitch where run-making was relatively easy in the first three sessions of the innings.What if there's a repeat at the Wankhede and the coin doesn't favour Dhoni? Allowing England to bat first and letting them get anywhere close to the 500-run mark would mean higher chances of a draw, which is simply not acceptable to the Indian skipper.Dhoni appears to be very clear in his head about what his team wants and he has been mincing no words in expressing it. If a certain Steve Waugh doesn't exactly appreciate India's desperation to have turners for home advantage, it doesn't bother Dhoni at all. The skipper was pleased at the manner in which his bowlers helped him earn 20 wickets in Ahmedabad.Dhoni's view is that the toss should not prove to be vital, which means in case India have to bat second, their spinners should have the advantage of a turning track as early as possible in the game.From outside the boundary rope, it took more than just a glimpse to figure out the 22-yard strip at the Wankhede which will be the centre of all attention here when the Test begins. The pitch appeared to be a damp brown patch with a smattering of grass on it.As for the England team, when they arrived for practice here, their batting coach Graham Gooch , a couple of players and cricketer-turned-journalists such as Michael Atherton were seen looking grimly at the surface. A clearer picture of what is in store will emerge on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17317722", "title": "Illegal trade flourishes in red sand boas", "text": "COIMBATORE: A superstition that red sand boas, commonly known as mannoli pambu, bring luck to people who keep them has turned the reptile into a cherished commodity. The demand for this protected species, found generally in forests, is so much that a snake fetches up to a crore rupees in the international market.That trade in red sand boas is a flourishing business was further established when a snake was found abandoned near the busy Lakshmi Mills Junction in Coimbatore late Tuesday evening. Officials said the 3.5-feet long non-venomous snake appears to have been abandoned by a gang involved in its illegal trade fearing police action. It was only two days ago that four persons were arrested near Thalavady in Sathyamangalam with a red sand boa.\"The red sand boa has many superstitious beliefs attached to it. Many believe it brings good luck. The arrest in Thalavady may have prompted the gang to abandon the sand boa in the busy junction close to an eye hospital,\" says K Ashokan, director, Coimbatore zoo.The boa was rescued after a few passerby who saw the snake on the roadside called Ashokan. The boa is now at the Coimbatore Zoo. \"This is the first time that such a snake is being found in Coimbatore city limits. I am convinced that it was abandoned by a gang involved in its trade. Forest department must investigate,\" says Ashokan. There are now five red sand boas at the zoo.Snake rescuers say there is a great demand for the red sand boa and several gangs are operating in the city to catch these snakes. \"I have been rescuing snakes for several years now. I have received several calls from people asking for the snake. In fact, the heavier the snake, the more expensive it gets,\" said R Ritheesh, a city-based researcher and snake rescuer.Snake experts believe that blind faith about snakes has endangered the species. In fact, the reptile is listed under schedule IV of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972. The people arrested in Thalavadi had tried to sell off the snake claiming that consumption of its meat would cure AIDS. However, Ashokan says the snake has no medicinal value. He also wants an awareness drive to be organized to clear misunderstandings and superstitions among people.District forest officer V Thirunavukarasu says no investigation has been launched so far since no formal complaint was registered. \"We would investigate (the trade in snakes) if somebody comes out with valid clues regarding the operation of such groups,'' he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316230", "title": "Government to shortlist pilgrims for paid Jerusalem trip", "text": "CHENNAI: After Haj, Manasarovar and Mukthinath, Jersusalem is the new destination for government-funded pilgrimage. On Wednesday, the state government issued guidelines for Christian pilgrims keen to avail state financial assistance of 20,000 to undertake a pilgrimage to Jerusalem in 2013.The 10-day Jerusalem pilgrimage can be undertaken between February and May 2013. In the first phase, 500 Christians, belonging to various religious orders, will get the financial assistance. An official release said 2 crore was earmarked for two years for the purpose and have appointed a committee headed by labour minister T M Chellapandian to oversee the successful implementation of the scheme.While critics view Tamil Nadu's funding of pilgrimages as unnecessary expenditure, other state governments have already set a precedent. The Gujarat, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh governments provide financial assistance for pilgrims to undertake trips to various religious destinations. Gujarat even provides assistance for pilgrimages to Kailash Manasarovar.The subsidy will cover 500 Christians every year and the pilgrimage would begin and end in Chennai. Stating that four members of a family can undertake this trip, the official release said preference would be given to those who are 70 years of age. The pilgrims would be shortlisted district-wise on a lot system. Those selected for undertaking the pilgrimage should have passports valid for one year. He/she should be medically and physically fit to undertake the journey.Fulfilling her poll promise, chief minister J Jayalalithaa had announced subsidies for people desiring to visit Hindu pilgrim sites like Kailash Manasarovar in China and Mukthinath in Nepal. The state government will provide an annual subsidy of 40,000 out of the 1 lakh it would cost to travel to Kailash Mansarovar. The subsidy would be provided for 250 Hindu pilgrims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "17316602", "title": "Jingoism peaks at Indo-Pak border on Kasab hanging day", "text": "ATTARI: The beating-the-retreat ceremony at the Indo-Pak international border - generally a high-voltage ceremony replete with patriotism - turned overtly jingoistic on Wednesday evening hours after Ajmal Kasab was put to the gallows in Pune.On Wednesday, emotions ran high as the visitors on the Attari side shouted slogans and matched the high-pitched shrill voice of the guards conducting the drill.Visitors broke into cheers as BSF jawans swung open the gates, though there were hate slogans. The Pakistan side in Wagah saw fewer visitors and the crowds on both the sides waved at each other like every evening when the flag lowering ceremony was held.Extra security was also deployed along the border in Attari. Among the crowd, the talk veered around hanging of Kasab. \"It should be a message to terrorists, and Pakistan, that the Indian soil should not become a ground for their terror activities. We can feel the quiet on the other side of the border,\" said Falguni Mehta, who had come from Mumbai to watch the show.\"Kasab should have been hanged much earlier, he was our country's enemy. But, it is a welcome step by our government,\" said Ram Parkash from Indore.Another visitor, from Delhi, Gulshan Kapoor said: \"Indians, especially the victims of terror attack in Mumbai, waited for more than four years for this day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17316539", "title": "Himachal Road Transport Corporation employees warn of 24-hour strike on Nov 26", "text": "SHIMLA: With the Himachal Road Transport Corporation (HRTC) employees and management being at loggerheads, bus services in Shimla area remained disrupted even on Wednesday. The joint coordination committee (JCC) of HRTC employees have been on strike since Tuesday afternoon to press for their demands of regularization of contractual staff who have completed six years of service. They have been demanding hike in night allowance, grade pay along with provision of 4-9-14 time scale besides other demands.According to JCC president Shankar Singh Thakur, \"There has been no positive response or invitation from the management on the second day of agitation for talks.\" He alleged that the HP government and HRTC management were taking agitation of the JCC lightly and there had been no impact even after the massive agitation and 24-hour strike of June 5 along with series of protests. Thakur warned that JCC employees will take mass weekly off on November 26 and the bus services would completely come to halt like in June.The JCC members claimed that on the second day nearly 40% routes were affected in the entire state as compared to 20-25% routes on Tuesday. They claimed that 30 routes were affected in Rohru (upper Shimla), nearly 120 routes in entire Shimla division, 12 in Hamirpur and 10-12 routes in Bilaspur besides other places.Commuters had to face inconvenience on the second day also and were forced either to walk or travel in overcrowded buses. Private cabs charged exorbitantly in absence of the HRTC buses. A resident of Tutu, Kalyan Singh said, \"The private taxi operators are charging twice the usual charges and we had a hard time negotiating with the drivers as there was no option to travel at late hours.\"The HRTC management has outlined that the problems of the employees are being solved in a phased manner. However, employees have refused to attend any meetings on the issue of recruitment and promotion rules with the management which were slated for this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17316428", "title": "Online petition urges Maharashtra DGP to drop charges against Palghar girls", "text": "NEW DELHI: An online campaign petitioning the director general of police, Maharashtra to drop the charges against the two Palghar girls, Shaheen Dhadha and Renu Srinivasan, has gathered more than 8,500 signatures at the time of writing, numbers steadily climbing. Started by a Kolkata-based 28-year-old Mukut Ray on Tuesday, the petition will be sent to the police commissioner of Thane, the chief minister of Maharashtra and director general of police, Maharashtra after it hits the 10,000-mark.\"I started out with a Facebook status, to see what my friends thought of it. But they were scared to even 'like' it. They asked me if I was sure I wanted to do this. But I was very angry and frustrated about what had happened. It is undemocratic and totally wrong,\" says Ray, who works for a non-profit organisation that works for underprivileged women and children.Ray says she did not expect the kind of response she received for the petition, hosted on the website change.org. There were obvious apprehensions about posting it online since the arrests in question had been made for voicing a contrarian opinion on the web.The Palghar girls were arrested after one of them posted a status update wondering about the efficacy of the state bandh following Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's death. The other was arrested for merely \"liking\" the status. Shaheen Dhadha's uncle's ortheopaedic clinic in Palghar was also vandalized by Shiv Sainiks before the arrest. The girls were arrested under section 505 (2) of the IPC and released later on bail. Nine Shiv Sainiks were arrested for vandalism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17315889", "title": "'South Goa collectorate complex a white elephant'", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday slammed the previous Congress government for making \"wasteful and injudicious\" expenditure on the under-construction South Goa collectorate complex in Margao, and suggested certain modifications in the layout of the building to put the space to optimum use.\"It's a white elephant. It appears that the Congress government executed this project without any conceptual planning going into it; they went about constructing the building just arbitrarily. This is absolute financial wastage and total lack of application of mind by the government in using public funds. I have learnt that the detailed drawings of the project were not even ready when tenders were invited for constructing the building. The utilization of the building was not properly thought of while designing it,\" Parrikar told mediapersons after inspecting the under-construction project.Urban development minister Francis D'Souza, health minister Laxmikant Parsekar, senior officials of the Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC) were among those that accompanied the chief minister.Parrikar expressed his disgust over the provision for \"extravagant\" facilities in the chambers of the mamlatdars, deputy collectors and the collector, and made it clear that steps will be taken to \"recover the wasteful expenditure\" by putting the space to optimum use after carrying out certain modifications.\"They have made private rest rooms for the officers. In the minister's chamber there is even a provision for a jacuzzi. Do we need this kind of extravagance? The cost of the project which was initially estimated at 57 crore has now shot up to 141 crore. This type of expenditure is not worth for the purpose the project is designed for. It could have been done at half the cost. We will now need to think of ways to recover this cost so as to at least cover the operational costs of the building. Letting out the extra space for food courts or banks could be some options we can look at. The space provided for fringe activities will be converted into offices,\" Parrikar said, adding that the new project is likely to be inaugurated by January 26, 2013. All district revenue offices - excise, panchayats, rural development agency, sales tax , etc - will be shifted to the new building, it was informed.Converting the eight counting halls into offices by providing removable partitions, doing away with the rest rooms and other recreational facilities and converting the available extra space into offices, were some of the changes suggested by Parrikar to the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319522", "title": "Nagarjuna\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Damarukam to release on Nov 23", "text": "Damarukam is that the Nagarjuna-starrer will release on November 23. After the film's release was delayed several times, Nag held a press conference on Wednesday to announce the revised release date officially. The actor previously said that he's yet to get Lord Shiva's nod for the release and looks like the actor finally got it.VFX works and financial issues have been prompted the makers to push the release date. The Srinivas Reddy-directed film has some high-octane graphics, which will fascinate the audience it seems. Anushka will be playing Nag's romantic interest and Prakash Raj will be seen in an important role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17316663", "title": "Acid attack: Notice to Punjab govt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking cognizance of a petition seeking directions for conducting free plastic surgery and rehabilitation of an acid attack victim, Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday issued notice to the Punjab government to respond to the issue.The matter reached before the division bench of HC comprising Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rakesh Kumar Jain through a PIL filed by 'Poor Patients Relief Society' through its secretary, H C Arora, seeking free treatment of one Inderjit Kaur of Morinda, victim of an acid attack.Now the case has been fixed for further hearing on December 18. The petitioner submitted in the PIL that one Manjit Singh of Zirakpur had entered into the house of the victim on December 8, 2011, when she was sitting there with her mother Ranjit Kaur, and threw acid on her face as the victim had earlier declined his offer for marriage.The victim had suffered serious burn injuries on her neck, hands and other body parts. The victim, a BA student, was also teaching in a private school and lost her source of livelihood after the incident. The complainant also informed that the victim had already lost her father two years ago and was not in a position to get specialized treatment like plastic surgery.The petitioner referred to a similar acid attack incident where the HC had come to the rescue of one Prerna of Rohtak district in Haryana and had directed the state government to release an amount of Rs 15 lakh for conducting her plastic surgery. The PIL also referred to the recommendations made by National Commission for Women in January, 2009, that in such cases of acid attack, government should immediately release an interim financial assistance of Rs 5 lakh to the victim, and thereafter pay up to maximum of Rs 20 lakh more, directly to the hospital for treatment of such acid attack victim.The petitioner stated that that Punjab has no policy for giving such free medical treatment/plastic surgery and rehabilitation assistance to the victims of acid attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17316418", "title": "Non-emergency medical helpline 104 launched", "text": "AHMEDABAD: GVK EMRI, the entity behind the 108 emergency medical services available in 14 states and union territories, has started 104 - medical information helpline. The service was launched at an event in Silvassa on Wednesday. The non-emergency helpline will cover the union territories of Diu, Daman , Dadra and Nagar Haveli.Administrator, union territories, Bhupinder Singh Bhalla launched the service in presence of EMRI officials. \"The 104 call center will have specially trained counselors, doctors, paramedics to answer questions from callers. The toll-free number will work round the clock and throughout the year. People can call up and talk to paramedics that can suggest the primary action to be taken in all cases. Also, they would be able to suggest generic and over-the-counter drugs,\" said a senior EMRI official.Officials added that the advisors would assess the caller's condition as critical, serious or stable and prescribe medicines if required. The helpline would also provide counseling services for HIV-AIDS, family planning, depression, distress and suicide prevention. The callers can also get information on medical centers, hospitals, diagnostic services.Chief executive officer of EMRI Subodh Satyawadi said that the service will ensure well-being of the citizens with the help of a trained team and latest technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17317042", "title": "Pragyan Ojha's success at Motera proves left is might", "text": "MUMBAI: To earn the trust of your captain is perhaps the second-most important task for any spinner, other than his bowling. A good bowler who has his captain's backing is doubly potent, as Pragyan Ojha is now discovering.The left-arm spinner, who rose nine places in the ICC bowling charts post the Ahmedabad Test to make it to the top-five, is becoming captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni's most effective weapon on Indian soil. With 84 wickets in 17 Tests, and 44 of them coming this year, Ojha has been a valuable contributor.Stick to the basics, maintain a particular line and make the batsmen starve - that's the role Ojha was assigned when it was clear last season that he and teammate R Ashwin would go on to lead India's spin attack at home. Ashwin, on the other hand, was supposed to be the attacking one.\"That is where Ashwin got it wrong in Ahmedabad,\" says former left-arm spinner Maninder Singh. \"He tried too much. All he had to do was make the batsmen drive. It was a slow pitch, driving was difficult. Not sticking to one particular line did not help,\" he says.Ojha, on the other hand, was exactly the opposite. As he had told TOI in an interview before the start of the series, bowling a particular line and restricting the flow of runs would be his priority. The effort saw him pick a match-winning nine-wicket haul in the first Test.\"His biggest positive seems to be that he knows exactly what his limitations are and what he needs to do staying within those limitations,\" adds Maninder.Lately, it's been a delightful time for left-arm spinners. While Bangladesh's Shakib-al Hasan played his first Test in a year, Sri Lankan Rangana Herath picked up 11 wickets against the visiting New Zealand team this week. Ojha's spree only adds to the glow that's returned to the beautiful art of bowling left-arm orthodox spin.\"He hadn't been given his due. He's easily India's main strike bowler when it comes to bowling spin today and I believe he was always capable of being there,\" says former India left-arm spinner and selector Venkatapathy Raju.The 26-year-old Ojha returned with match figures 9-165 from 77.2 overs as India defeated England by nine wickets at Motera, taking a crucial 1-0 lead in the four-match series. Dhoni praised his bowlers for earning the team 20 wickets. On that count alone, Ojha delivered what his captain expected from him.Ashwin is yet to unravel his 'mystery ball' and looked particularly ordinary against the left-handed Alastair Cook in the second innings, but Ojha kept the England captain in check when the latter came up with a fighting century. The bowler was aptly rewarded in the end, getting Cook bowled and allowing India to finish the match early next day.\"He has managed to show amazing control over the line he can maintain and that is something I've always believed he could deliver,\" says another left-arm spinner Sunil Joshi. England arrived in India thinking a lot about how to counter Ashwin. As they arrive in Mumbai, Ojha takes centre stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17318298", "title": "'Grade A' city railway station unfriendly for the disabled", "text": "GUWAHATI: Fifteen differently-abled children of the Shishu Sarathi Centre for Rehabilitation and Training for Multiple Disability, who had arrived at the Guwahati railway station, had to face difficulties due to lack of facilities on Saturday.The wheelchair-bound passengers had to be taken through the cargo offload route to the platform to catch their train to New Delhi. The passengers, aged between eight to 25 years, had been invited by the prestigious National School of Drama to perform BV Karnath's popular children's play 'Buddhuram' at the 'Jashn-e-Bachpan' festival in the national capital. But, the ensemble cast members had to be taken in their wheelchairs only to be driven on uneven paths causing a lot of problems to them at the station.The group of children had to be carried to platform number seven where their train was stationed through the cargo haul sector at the end of platform number one.\"The route through which the children were taken is the supposed route for differently-abled people. We have no other route,\" S Chakroborty, a clueless deputy station manager (commercial) said.The incident has proved that the Guwahati railway station, which is said to be a Grade A station, does not fulfill the mentioned criteria prescribed in its norms and regulations.The Person with Disabilities Act, 1935 states that there should be a non discrimination atmosphere at public places. And with regards to railways it states that stations should provide the amenities for such people and inside the bogies should be fitted with feasible facilities.According to criteria laid down for 'Grade A' stations should provide short-term facilities such as provision of ramps with railing for barrier free entry, provision of a non-slippery walkway from parking lot for differently-abled to the building,etc. \"It is just a glimpse of the everyday challenges that we face in the absence of such facilities. The wheelchairs that were provided to us seemed to be donated ones. I doubt the condition of the ones that are owned by the station,\" said Arman Ali of Shishu Sarathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315128", "title": "5,000 join BJP\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s anti-graft rally", "text": "NEW DELHI: As part of its all-India protests against corruption, BJP staged a rally at Jantar Mantar on Wednesday, a day before the start of the winter session of Parliament. The rally was addressed by BJP president Nitin Gadkari, senior BJP leaders Rajnath Singh and Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, among others. Later, party workers led by Rajnath Singh marched towards the Prime Minister's residence and courted arrest at Parliament Street police station.BJP leaders blamed the Congress-led government for overlooking serious corruption charges. \"The government is doing nothing about the CWG-related scams. It has brushed aside the Shunglu committee and CAG reports. We want a fair investigation,\" said Vijender Gupta, president of Delhi BJP. The party also raised the power tariff issue. \"The government is supporting private companies. The accounts of the discoms should be audited before any tariff hike is allowed,'' said Gupta. The rally was attended by senior party leaders V K Malhotra, Vijay Goel and Vijay Jolly.BJP tore into the Delhi government for delaying regularization of unauthorized colonies. \"The government has not released funds for preparation of layouts,'' said Gupta. While corruption was the main issue, BJP once again voiced its concerns about price rise and FDI in retail.With over 5,000 people participating in the rally, the state wing of BJP was happy to put up a good show, especially after Congress's Maha rally earlier this month. Party sources said councillors and MLAs were asked to mobilize people to ensure a good turnout at the rally. Delhi Police said 1,500 people were detained around 1.40pm and were released by 2.10pm. North Delhi Municipal Corporation had to cancel its standing committee meeting.\"Most of our members were detained, so we had to postpone the meeting,'' said Yogender Chandolia, chairman, standing committee, North corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17315941", "title": "Unruly passenger on IndiGo flight sent to jail", "text": "NAGPUR: Manoj Virkhare, the drunk passenger who created a ruckus in the IndiGo flight 6E 137, was presented in court by Sonegaon police station on Wednesday and awarded magisterial custody remand (MCR) for seven days.Virkhare, in a drunken state, caused a lot of commotion on the IndiGo Delhi-Nagpur-Pune flight on Tuesday evening when it landed at Nagpur Airport. He had boarded the flight in an inebriated condition. Both airlines and airport officials were tight lipped about the whole incident. They even denied the fact that the passenger had been taken into custody. The airline manager for the city refused comment on the incident. Even on Wednesday the airline remained unavailable for comments.Dileep Bhagde, a co-passenger, had claimed that the authorities were not very keen on taking the matter to the CISF or police. \"For some reason, they were trying to protect the drunk passenger,\" he said. Unconfirmed reports said that Virkhare tried to enter the cockpit and created such a scene that the pilot had to leave the charge to his co-pilot and intervene. He also refused to open the doors of the plane unless CISF was present.Virkhare, 33, is a resident of Pratap Nagar. He is an ex-navy personnel and currently runs his own business. Head constable Dharampal of Sonegaon police station said the medical test showed Virkhare as having consumed alcohol but not under the influence of liquor. He has also been charged with unlawful activity under Safety of Civil Aviation Act, 1982, and acts endangering life or safety of others.\"Last night, Virkhare, under the influence of liquor, was not cooperating with us and behaving in an arrogant manner, flaunting his navy background. Today when he was sober he repented his actions,\" said TK Wahile, PI, Sonegaon police station. Wahile also informed that Virkhare had broken the fibre cover of windows of the plane. \"We are yet to get further details of what exactly happened inside the plane as the plane had taken off before we could speak to the crew. We will make enquiries after the airline provides us with a list of passengers and their addresses,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316252", "title": "Designers meet top cop over dues", "text": "CHENNAI: A group of graphic designers on Wednesday lodged a complaint with police commissioner S George alleging that their animation studio in Kodambakkam had failed to pay their salary for six months.They alleged that company had employed them about six months ago promising them salary anywhere between 12,000 and 33,000 based on their experience. \"More than 40 of us are employed in the firm. We are forced to work late into the night to finish projects but the three shareholders have failed to pay us. The cheques which they gave us three months back bounced,\" said Prakash, a designer.\"We are employed on contract basis and the studio owners told us recently that our salaries would be paid only if the have clients paid the firm,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17315743", "title": "Water cut on Friday", "text": "PUNE: Parts of the city will not receive water supply on Friday as the Pune Cantonment water works will be carrying out repair works. The areas to be affected are Maharashtra Housing Board, Nagpur Chawl, Sanjay Park, Tingarenagar, Mangalwar Peth, Station area, Pune-Mumbai road, Ghorpadi, Shantirakshak Society. Though water supply to these areas will be restored on Saturday, it will be delayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17320818", "title": "Tibetans stage a dharna in front of commissioner's office", "text": "MYSORE: Hundreds of Tibetans staged a dharna in front of the deputy commissioner's office on Wednesday. The dharna was organized by the Regional Tibetan Youth Congress and Regional Tibetan Women's Association of Bylakuppe Tibetan settlement.The protesters alleged that the situation in Tibet has reached a breaking point and things will not improve unless the world community steps in. Despite massive protests, the China has intensified political repression, they alleged. Their demands include immediate end to political repression in Tibet, implementation of recommendations made by the UN agencies, including sending an independent fact-finding delegation to Tibet and release of all Tibetan political prisoners. An indefinite relay hunger strike at Bylakuppe will be held on Thursday. Tibetans from all walks of life will sit in dharna in solidarity with Tibetans who have self immolated for the cause and those are still jailed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17316712", "title": "Delhi cop's death: Forensic dept doctor held for incorrect postmortem report", "text": "ROHTAK: A doctor of the forensic department in PGIMS was arrested for providing an incorrect postmortem report of Delhi cop Devender Kumar, a resident of Dighal village in Jhajjar district, whose body was found in a canal in Bhiwani district on August 28.Sources said that Dr Amit Malik failed to detect any injury mark on the body though the cop was shot dead. Following disclosure by the murder accused a week after the crime took place, cops had recovered seven bullets from the cremation ground.The doctor was arrested in Rohtak on Tuesday after Section 218 (public servant framing incorrect record or writing with intent to save person from punishment) was added to the FIR. The doctor was produced before the court and was granted bail, the police said. Rohtak municipal authorities had cremated the body on August 31, two days after it was recovered from a canal in Bhiwani district, terming it as a case of accidental death.The murder had evoked strong reactions from victim's relatives and residents of Dighal village who blocked the Rohtak-Jhajjar highway on September 5 in protest against negligence of the police in tracing the victim even after a week of his disappearance. Cops arrested some villagers after the victim's family named them as accused and the murder was solved on September 9.Bahadurgarh crime investigation agency (CIA) in charge Ramphool Nandal told TOI on Wednesday: \"The postmortem report made police believe it to be a case of accidental death. This resulted in destruction of crucial evidence,\" Nandal said.He, however, said that the doctor had admitted his negligence and denied any wrongful intentions in preparing the report. \"We have interrogated the murder accused who are in police custody. They said to have never approached the doctor for getting a favourable report prepared. For now, it seems the doctor did make an error,\" he said, adding that the doctor would face charges in court.The accused were identified as Ankit Kumar, Sandesh who is a Haryana police head constable, and Deepak alias Khillu, husband of village sarpanch Munesh Devi. Sources said that the accused had a rivalry with the victim, something related to the panchayat elections. They kidnapped him from near the village, shot him dead and dumped the body in the canal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319582", "title": "Suprena Singh celebrates birthday with college students", "text": "Famous actress of Bhojpuri, South and Hindi movies Suprena Singh celebrated her birthday with a gang of college friends recently. She celebrated her birthday in a mall at Kanpur with some college girls. Her mother was also present at the do. Everyone congratulated and prayed for her success.Few days back Suprena had celebrated SRK's birthday with her films team in Hyderabad. Her acting and dance numbers in 'Gazab Seeti Maare Saiyaan Pichwade' have garnered huge response. She is busy shooting for her upcoming projects, 'Ram Raheem Ke Naata', Desh Videsh etc.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17316046", "title": "Remove all Amanishah encroachments by May: Rajasthan high court", "text": "JAIPUR: All encroachments in BSFAmanishah Nullah, a dry river bed zigzagging through the city, will have to go by May 2013. The Rajasthan high court set the six-month deadline on Wednesday, though the state government requested nine months for the 'unpopular task' that it will now have to complete in an election year.In another significant move, the court issued notices to 10 colonisers/societies allegedly responsible for the encroachments in the nullah and asked them to explain why they should not be made to pay the compensation. At the same time, the government has been told to probe the roles of its officers who connived with these colonisers/societies in settling people there.Two days ago, a division bench headed by Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra rapped the top government officials for letting politics hamper compliance of court orders about evicting squatters from the Amanishah Nullah. The court had then summoned chief secretary C K Mathew and demanded a time-bound action plan from the government for removing the encroachments.In compliance, the government and the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) submitted affidavits in the court on Wednesday saying they were committed to removing illegal commercial and residential constructions in the nullah. The court was informed about the chief secretary's instructions given to senior officers concerned on Tuesday about ensuring strict compliance of the court orders on the issue.As per the latest court directions, all illegal houses in nullah's catchment area are to be demolished once they are vacated in a phased manner. The government has to maintain the nullah width between 150-feet and 210-feet throughout its nearly 49-km long course in the city. However, at places where the existing width is more than 210-feet, the government will have to maintain it.The encroachment clearing has to be a continuous process and a progress report is to be submitted in court after every 15 days until the job is fully done. As the government expressed its desire to rehabilitate the encroachers, the court cautioned it to relocate only the poor and not the rich among the squatters.In response to a court query, the government stated that a particular 4-km stretch was most densely populated in the nullah. Replying to another query, the government said it would now start the anti-encroachment drive from the Maharani Farm area.Mentioning about the encroachments removed after the court's September 5 order, the government stressed that a rehabilitation plan was needed since most houses in the nullah were being occupied by poor people. The government pleaded for nine months' time for the job, of which three months it wanted for identifying and allotting rehabilitation land and arranging basic facilities there like roads, water and electricity supply lines.Informing the court about the action initiated against those responsible for encroachments in the nullah, the government submitted a list of 11 colonisers/societies booked through 10 FIRs. The court asked the government to probe the roles of its officials too while investigating the complaints in the FIRs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17315810", "title": "Man held for withdrawing Rs 98L through forged cheque", "text": "LUCKNOW: A real estate agent from Lucknow allegedly duped a Raipur-based power company of Rs 98 lakh through a forged cheque. The accused, Umakant Tiwari, who was at large for past five months, was caught by Hazratganj police on Monday evening. The accused had submitted a fake cheque authorising payment of Rs 98 lakh from Savico Electric Power Corporation's ICICI bank account into his saving account.The bank officials reported the matter to the police on June 30 when they noticed embezzlement of funds by representatives of the company. The bank carried out an internal inquiry and found that the amount withdrawn through the fake cheque was transferred to Jankipuram branch of Bank of Baroda , in Tiwari's bank account. On coming to know about it, police swung into action and tried to reach Tiwari. Meanwhile, sensing trouble that was in store for him, the accused decided to flee. The police were informed that Tiwari, who was on the run, had withdrawn Rs 75 lakh from his account. Tiwari, native of Bahuta area in Haidergarh, kept changing his phone number as well as locations. He was caught around 4.30 pm on Tuesday from RTO office at Transport Nagar area where he had gone to get his motor vehicle registered. Earlier, police raided Tiwari's residence at Maharishi Nagar in Madiaon area in July, but he stole a march on cops and had already sold off the property and moved to another location.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17320505", "title": "Young homemaker ends life over dowry harassment", "text": "MYSORE: A 21-year-old homemaker allegedly committed suicide at her residence over dowry harassment at Janata Nagar in the wee hours of Wednesday. Ramya, a native of Mallahalli in Mandya district, was found hanging from the ceiling of her house. She married to Mahadevaswamy 9 months ago and at the time of marriage, the girl's family gave him 50 grams of gold and Rs 50,000 as dowry. However five months later, Mahadevswamy started demanding a gold chain and Rs 1 lakh from Ramya's parents. In her complaint, Neelamma alleged that her daughter was harassed for dowry. Mahadevaswamy, his mother and sister are at large. A case has been registered at Saraswathipuram police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17320773", "title": "Departmental probe starts against doc", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A health department team, led by additional director N K Das, on Wednesday visited Capital Hospital to inquire into the allegation of bribery against a gynaecologist of the hospital.The vigilance department had allegedly caught the doctor red-handed while accepting Rs 300 bribe from one Amar Prasad Khatei, a resident of Niali area in Cuttack for helping his wife get post delivery treatment and get assistance under Janani Suraksha Scheme. Pending the vigilance probe, the health department had also ordered an inquiry.\"Earlier, a joint director level team had submitted a report. We were not satisfied with it and send another team on Wednesday,\" director of health services Dr Deepak Kumar Prusty said.Capital Hospital chief medical officer Dr Sudarshan Das said the team went through various records and asked various officials about the alleged incident. \"We are fully cooperating in the probe,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316327", "title": "Transport department hits on novel idea to raise funds", "text": "HYDERABAD: Since hiking the bus fare is expected to face opposition, APSRTC has come up with a novel way of mobilizing resources. According to sources, the RTC is planning to levy a surcharge on every ticket including the city bus tickets to mobilize funds for construction and maintenance of bus stations across the state. The second step is to take over the Hyderabad-Vijayawada route, which is the busiest route in the state and dominated by private bus operators. The policy will be implemented through out the state in a phased manner.Highly placed sources said the RTC was planning to levy 50 paise per ticket in city services and in ordinary buses, while one rupee would be collected from the express passengers thought out the state. This way, the corporation can mobilize a daily revenue of Rs 50 lakh to Rs 75 lakh (Rs 150 crore to 250 crore per year) as one crore passengers travel in the RTC buses every day.Despite the recent fare hike, the corporation is still incurring losses to the tune of Rs 130 crore per year, the sources said. \"There are 773 bus stations in the state. They need to be modernized and new bus stations have to be built in areas which are now well connected.Apart from this, in some areas, the existing bus stations have to be shifted to city outskirts because of congestion inside the city. Hyderabad needs at least another six bus stations,\" the sources said adding that the corporation had prepared plans to spend Rs 130 crore in two phases next year on these bus stations.\"At present, when a cup of tea costs Rs 10, levying a surcharge of half rupee to a rupee will not be a burden on the passengers,\" the sources said. The corporation would not divert the amount to other purposes, the sources said. According to them, there is no other way to mobilize the resources to build bus stations or repair the existing old bus stations.Regarding the elimination of private operators from the Hyderabad-Vijayawada route on which the highest number of buses are run by private operators, the sources said if the RTC gains monopoly over the route, it would ease the finance constraints to a greater extent.\"Our plan is to operate three types of buses such as ordinary, express and AC coaches to suit the requirements of the various sections of the people. Slowly we will extend the policy to other routes also depending on the availability of the buses,\" the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17316939", "title": "Kharif onion supply picks up in Lasalgaon market", "text": "NASHIK: The supply of kharif onion crop has increased in the wholesale markets of Lasalgaon and Pimpalgaon.The arrival of the kharif crop, which was around 200 quintals daily in Lasalgaon APMC, has increased to around 3,000 quintals and is expected to increase more in a couple of weeks, an official from the Agriculture Produce Market Committee (APMC) told TOI.The delay in monsoon this year has resulted in a 50% decrease in the kharif acreage of onion. It has also affected the arrival of the crop in the market, with the average wholesale prices in various APMCs in Nashik district reaching Rs 1,000 to Rs 1,050 a quintal.The regular arrival of the kharif crop usually begins by Dasara. But the crop currently available in the market is the summer crop stored by farmers during April and May.While the shelf life of kharif (monsoon) onion is only a month, the shelf life of the summer crop is around six months. Hence, traders and farmers prefer to store the summer crop till Diwali to get good prices. Now, traders and farmers have started bringing the remaining onion to the market, keeping the supply constant, the APMC official said.The average wholesale price of kharif onion in Lasalgaon APMC was Rs 1,450 a quintal on Wednesday, compared to Rs 1,000 for the rabi (summer) crop early this week. Around 3,000 quintals of kharif onion and 15,000 quintals of rabi onion were auctioned in Lasalgaon APMC on Wednesday.In Pimpalgaon APMC, the average wholesale price of kharif onion was Rs 1,400 per quintal on Wednesday. The minimum and maximum rates were recorded at Rs 1,175 and Rs 1,571 per quintal respectively. Around 1,000 quintals of kharif and 13,000 quintals of rabbi crops were auctioned on Wednesday in Pimpalgaon APMC.In Yeola APMC, the average wholesale price of rabi onion was Rs 1,000 a quintal. The minimum and maximum prices were Rs 300 and Rs 1,334 per quintal respectively. Around 5,000 quintals of onions were auctioned on Wednesday in Yeola APMC. There was no arrival of kharif crop on Wednesday in Yeola APMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17316009", "title": "Polish national bitten by sea snake off Sinquerim", "text": "CALANGUTE: A Polish national was hurt while swimming in the sea off Sinquerim beach on Tuesday, but the nature of his injury sparked off speculation among the crowd on this North Goa beach, better known for the grounding of River Princess.Michael Zurqwsla, 23, was swimming in a non-swim zone at around 12.30pm. Lifeguards noticed him walking out of the water and signalling for help. \"He had sustained a bite on his leg and was bleeding,\" a bystander said. The lifeguards said the tourist was bitten by a metre-long fish.He was administered first aid and rushed to the Candolim primary health centre for further treatment.\"An eel or a sea snake may have bitten him,\" Manoj Borkar, a marine zoologist said. Eels with are not found in sandy shores, but more shorelines with rocky strata. \"The sea snakes often end up as a bycatch in fishing nets and are disentangled and thrown out,\" Borkar said.Injuries from sea snake bites have been hardly reported on Goan beaches, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17317881", "title": "Activists spread no-vote awareness among poll officials", "text": "VADODARA: Continuing with their campaign to propagate section 49 (O) of the Conduct of Election Rules, which allows voters to cast a \"no-vote\", representatives of four NGOs met Vadodara collector and district election officer (CEO) Vinod Rao to ensure that the presiding officers were made aware of this provision, here, on Wednesday.On Wednesday morning, after learning that a training programme of presiding officers of Vadodara district was underway at Sayajigruh, here, activists of Sahiyar Stree Sangathan, Manthan Yuva Sangathan, Pariyavaran Suraksh Samiti and Jyoti Karamchari Mandal reached the spot to find out whether the officials knew about the section. \"Our previous experience during elections had proved that the officials themselves were ignorant about the provisions of this section, and in turn, they did not allow the voters to exercise this right,\" an activist told TOI.When exercising this option, a voter has to first mark his attendance in form 17 and declare that he or she does not want to cast his/her vote in favour of any candidate. The presiding officer has to then take the voter's signature against the same and also put his or her own signature to complete the process. Under the present rules, the votes registered under this section have to be counted separately. Meanwhile, by the time, the activists reached the spot, the first batch of presiding officers was about to leave after completing training. \"We were carrying leaflets and posters about this provision which we distributed among the batch,\" Trupti Shah of Sahiyar Stree Sangathan told TOI.Later, the activists met the collector to seek permission to address the second batch of presiding officers in the afternoon, but the request was turned down. However, they were told that the provision would be explained in detail to the presiding officers. \"We came back after distributing the leaflets to the second batch. We were also assured that detailed information about the section would be given to the same set of presiding officers during their second round of training,\" Shah said. More than 1,000 government officials were present at the training camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "17314891", "title": "Nalanda police avert communal disturbance", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Prompt action by Nalanda police thwarted the design of miscreants who wanted to disturb peace and harmony of the town as they burnt a symbol of a particular community on Tuesday. Within hours after receiving complaint, the police arrested four persons on charges of outraging religious sentiments of a particular community with a view to disturbing communal harmony of the town. Two other named accused are absconding.On seeing their religious symbol damaged hundreds of protesters at Katrapar locality in Biharsharif on Tuesday halted movement of vehicular traffic to demand immediate arrests of those involved in the crime.DM Nalanda Sanjay Kumar Agarwal and SP Nalanda Nishant Kumar Tiwari along with a large contingent of district police and Rapid Action Force ( RAF) rushed to the spot and after hours of persuasion by the officials and responsible citizens, and consequent arrests of four of the six named accused, the road block could be cleared and the situation was brought under control.The DM and the SP later thanked people for not taking law in their hand and believing in the rule of law.They also said that the administration will not tolerate any such incident and those found guilty of disturbing peace will be punished.Murder case: DSP, law and order, Md Qasim said on Tuesday that Shankuntala Devi, who was allegedly killed by a co-villager identified as one Nagina Gope at village Chandasi under Noorsarai PS area on Saturday night, was not raped as the medical report received by the police on Tuesday ruled out that modesty of the deceased was outraged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319977", "title": "Jassi Kaur back with Hik Naal", "text": "After the smash hit of the re-make 'Phele Lalkare Naal' Jassi says she's ready to show the world what shes has to offer. Jassi K teamed up with E=MC and Tej Gill (aka. Mr. Tere Mere) on this single.Music has been in her blood since she was a young child. Singing was a passion that many have and fortunately Jassi Kaur was given the opportunity to display it to the world. At the age of 16 Jassi began taking music lessons to further perfect her voice and now she stands ready and confident to show off her vocal talents. Watch out for 'Hik Naal' releasing Nov 22nd, 2012 on Planet Recordz.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17317058", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcPolice NOC must for car re-registration\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Stung by the criticism that the vehicle theft gang that was busted by the Vadakara police on Tuesday thrived on the inefficiency of the motor vehicles department, the deputy transport commissioner has decided to seek reports from the local police before proceeding further on the applications for re-registration of vehicles from other states.Vadakara police had seized 20 vehicles from different parts of the state that were stolen by a five-member gang. \"There was no fault on the part of the department while issuing re-registration certificates to the stolen vehicles. All the papers were in order in the applications for re-registration. Registration certificate from the Gujarat government looked authentic,\" said deputy transport commissioner M A Rosamma.She said the certificate from the national crime records bureau ( NCRB) and the NOC from the states concerned were attached along with the applications. \"We sent queries to the authorities concerned and got confirmation on time. There is no mechanism to detect whether the documents are fake or not,\" she said.When asked whether the MVD had noted anything unnatural when large number of applications for re-registration of vehicles with Gujarat registration reached the Thalassery RTO, the deputy commissioner said the applications came at different times. \"Moreover, applications for re-registration came for vehicles registered in other states too. From now onwards we will seek a report from the local police before deciding on the application for re-registration,\" she said.But the MVD had failed to find out that a parallel RTO office was running at the residence of Thadi Thomas, one of the accused in the case. After stealing the vehicles, Thomas fabricated the documents to show that the vehicles were from Gujarat. The RC book and other documents he prepared were so perfect that they passed the scrutiny of the MVD officials. Police said Thomas himself prepared the replies for the queries sent from the RTO.Police said had the MVD officials showed some vigil, the fraud would not have happened. \"There are mechanisms to check whether the documents are fake or not. It is easy to know the category of the vehicle by entering the number into the website of the Gujarat MVD,\" police said.\"The MVD could also get the details of the owner of the vehicle if they had contacted the vehicle company and provided the chassis and engine number of the vehicle,\" police said.Meanwhile, the police have intensified search to find more links of the gang. Sources said the police have got some information about a similar gang engaged in vehicle theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17317181", "title": "Device mimics dog\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s nose to sniff out explosives", "text": "WASHINGTON: Emulating the acute olfactory sense in dogs, scientists have designed a new 'nanotech' chip which can sniff out traces of molecules from an explosive in a jiffy.According to researchers from University of California , portable, accurate and highly sensitive devices that sniff out vapours from explosives and other substances could become as commonplace as smoke detectors in public places.Researchers led by professors Carl Meinhart and Martin Moskovits have designed a detector that uses microfluidic nanotechnology to mimic the biological mechanism behind canine scent receptors. The device is both highly sensitive to trace amounts of certain vapour molecules and able to tell a specific substance apart from similar molecules.\"Dogs are still the gold standard for scent detection of explosives. But like a person , a dog can have a good day or a bad day, get tired or distracted,\" said Meinhart.\"We have developed a device with the same or better sensitivity as a dog's nose,\" he said. Results show that the device can detect airborne molecules of 2,4-dinitrotoluene , primary vapour emanating from TNT based explosives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319246", "title": "Sanchita Shetty in Soodhu Kavvum", "text": "After the success of their last Tamil film Pizza, the makers are back with their next production, to be directed by Nalan Kumarasamy. Sanchita Shetty has been signed to play the lead role opposite Vijay Sethupathi in Director Nalan's debut film, Soodhu Kavvum.Sanchita says, \"I play the role of a dream girl, someone who every boy vies for. I've been playing a village belle for a while now. But, this role is going to change my onscreen image in the industry and I am definitely looking forward to that.\"The upcoming Kanada actress was also part of the last film by the makers 'Pizza' which also starred Vijay Sethupathi who had Ramya Nambeesan as his pair.\"I'm happy to work with an interesting team this time - Nalan is an award-winning short filmmaker, and Vijay has proved himself in the industry. I will start shooting for the film from next month,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17314688", "title": "60 death row inmates here feel the heat", "text": "BELGAUM: There was palpable anxiety at Belgaum's Hindalga Central Jail, when news of Mohammed Ajmal Amir Kasab's execution on Wednesday morning was received here. For, the prison houses some 60 inmates on death row. Those sentenced to death by various courts across Karnataka are housed in this jail.Of the 60 persons facing death sentences, two are women. Mercy petitions of eight of them have been pending for years before the President's office. And ironically, not a single hanging has taken place here since 1983.The mercy petitions include those of serial killer Umesh Reddy and four of the aides of forest brigand Veerappan. Three others are of convicts involved in different murder cases. Speaking to TOI, assistant jail superintendent C R Tallur said Kasab's hanging had a telling effect on the convicts whose petitions are pending before the President. That they were anxious was visible from their body language when he went on the morning rounds, he said.The aides of Veerappan - Saimon Anthoniyappa, Jnanprakash Joseph, Bilavendra Marrisgouda (all three from Kollegal taluk in Chamarajnagar) and Meesekar Madayya from Salem district in Tamil Nadu - were sentenced to death by a special Tada court in Mysore in September 2001, under Tada, Explosive Substances Act and Arms Act. The convicts appealed for mercy to the President in February 2004, after Supreme Court confirmed their sentence in January 2004.The mercy petition of serial killer Umesh Reddy, who was charged with the rape and murder of several women , has been pending since 2006. His death sentence was upheld by the Supreme Court in February 2011 and Karnataka HC before that, after he was handed over the sentence in October 2006 by the Bangalore VII additional court. Other three petitions belong to Shivu Munishetty and Jadeswamy Rangashetty, both from Kollegal taluk in Chamrajnagar, and Praveen Kumar Sapaliga of Puttur taluk in Mangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17315921", "title": "Delhi thug violates honour among thieves", "text": "NAGPUR: It was beyond the imagination of a burglar that his partner in crime, and would be business partner, from Delhi would trick him out of his life's savings. Amit Adhikari wanted to shift to Delhi and start a shop with wealth amassed by stealing valuables from railway passengers. However, his dream was shattered after his 'partner' fled with the money.Adhikari's tale of a thief stealing from a thief was revealed when he and another accomplice, Mahesh Kumar Shende, were netted by crime branch on Wednesday. Police have recovered a stolen mobile phone, motorcycle and LCD television. Offences of bike theft and burglary at Ganeshpeth and Jaripatka police stations have been detected. Police said more offences are likely to get solved with their arrest.The cops also seized a passbook from Adhikari, which had multiple entries, indicating that he made deposit all proceeds from disposing off stolen valuables into his account.Adhikari had come to the city from Nepal when he was in his early teens. He stayed and worked at the Nagpur railway station. After some time, he started stealing valuables from passengers after sneaking into the compartments on the pretext of sweeping the sleeper coaches. Adhikari was forced to leave the railway premises after the cops realized he was involved in the thefts.Adhikari wanted to leave Nagpur and was lured by the dream of a good life in Delhi by one of his former accomplices, who hailed from Delhi. The friend convinced Adhikari to hand him over Rs 70,000 he had in the bank so that they could start working on their dream shop in Delhi. The duo even set out for Delhi, but the friend from Delhi sneaked away with the money, never to return again.Police said Adhikari and his accomplice Shende too had befriended each other at the railway station. They then started operating together to break into houses. While burgling a house at Jaripatka last week, Adhikari had sustained serious injuries on his hand. The cops had found blood splattered at various places in the house. It was from this house that Shende and Adhikari had decamped with the LCD television that police recovered.Adhikari and Shende had also stolen a bike from Ganeshpeth. Senior inspector Madhao Giri's team under joint commissioner of police Sanjay Saxena was already working on the case and zeroed down upon the duo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "17314838", "title": "Cheat involved in fraud held", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Rajiv Ranjan Mishra of Motihari, arrested from Neora village under Minapur police station on Tuesday, was not only usurping crores of rupees of innocent individuals through his fake micro-financing companies in different parts of Bihar , Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Delhi, he was also involved in firearms smuggling, according to SSP Rajesh Kumar.The SSP said on Wednesday that interrogation of half-a-dozen arrested persons including Mishra has made it clear that Mishra used to supply firearms to criminals. His links with criminals has been established and attempts are on to confirm his links with Maoists, the SSP added. Cases against him have been lodged in Muzaffarpur, Darbhanga, Gaya, Patna and other places.The DSP (east), who is monitoring the operation against the fraud, said on Wednesday that raids were going on at three different places along with three of the arrested persons to identify places and persons involved in the racket.The cheat's modus operandi was to lure innocent people to invest a few thousand rupees to get loans upto over Rs one crore at the interest rate only 2%.He also offered to double the amount invested within a short time. Over 500 people of Ahiyapur and Minapur police stations lost their hard-earned money this way. Many of them also sold land to invest in the fake companies floated by Mishra.In fact, the police trapped him in connection with a report that he was an arms supplier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17316068", "title": "BJP block holds dharna in Margao", "text": "MARGAO: The BJP Margao block held a dharna (sit-in protest) near the comunidade building, Margao, on Thursday to protest the policies of the UPA government.BJP national leader and MP Shahnawaz Hussain, who addressed the gathering, castigated the UPA government on the coal block scam, 2G scam , cap on LPG cylinders, etc and urged the public to support the BJP in the Lok Sabha elections.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar also participated in the dharna for a brief while.BJP president Vinay Tendulkar, general secretary Narendra Sawaikar, besides others addressed the gathering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17315282", "title": "Cop run over by speeding dumper", "text": "GURGAON: An assistant sub inspector (ASI) was critically injured while on duty when a speeding dumper ran over him. The ASI was admitted in the ICU of Medicity Medanta hospital. The accused driver had fled the spot in his dumper. DLF-II police have lodged an FIR on the charge of negligence against the unknown dumper driver and searching him.According to police, ASI Mukesh Kumar, deployed with the Gurgaon traffic police, has been on vehicle checking duty with his associated cops on Monday night just near Shankar Chowk flyover on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway. Around 10pm a speeding dumper that was coming from Delhi side hit the ASI and fled when the ASI signalled the dumper driver to stop the dumper. The ASI received multiple injuries on his hands and legs apart from a head injury.Cops from the DLF-II police station, on getting the information, went to the spot and took the injured ASI to Medanta Medicity hospital. The ASI's condition remained critical on Tuesday and he was in the ICU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "17317700", "title": "Two mobile phones, cash seized from Salem prison", "text": "SALEM: In a surprise raid at the Salem central prison on the wee hours of Wednesday, two mobile phones, Rs 3,200 in cash, six cigar lighters and six iron rods were seized from the inmates.Deputy inspector general of police (prison), Coimbatore range, P Rajendran and vigilance sub-inspector K Sathiyamoorthy visited the central prison around 4am on Wednesday, prison sources said. Both went through all the records of the prison and later raided all the cells in the prison.\"Rajendran seized two mobile phones from accused Vetrivel (40) and Badri alias Anandhan (25), who were lodged in the block number 9.He also seized Rs 2, 000 from accused Purushothaman, Rs 910 from Mannagkatti and Rs 300 from Pappanna and six cigar lighters, six iron rods from other prisoners,\" jail officials said.\"Investigation is going on with prison superintendent S Murugesan, additional SP A Raveendran and jailor Urmila,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315180", "title": "Ajmal Kasab's hanging is second fastest", "text": "NEW DELHI: The order to hang Ajmal Kasab is believed to be the second quickest in the country after the case of Banswara-based Ramchandra alias Raoji who was executed within three years of murdering his family.Documents received by activist Subhash Agrawal under RTI Act show that Ramchandra was sentenced to death and hanged within three years of murdering his pregnant wife and four others including three children. His petition was rejected by the President within 45 days.Ramchandra was executed on May 4, 1996, three years after the incident.In sharp contrast is Gurmeet Singh from Pipariya village in Uttar Pradesh who has been on death row for the last 20 years after being convicted for the murder of 13 family members. Twenty-six years since that dark night when he committed the crime, Gurmeet continues to wait for a decision on his mercy petition that is still pending before the President.Ramchandra was awarded death sentence by the sessions court on December 5, 1994 which was upheld by the Supreme Court through its order on December 5, 1995.Ramchandra then approached the then President Shankar Dayal Sharma with the mercy plea but he rejected it on March 19, 1996 within six days of the petition being put before him. He was finally executed on May 4, 1996.According to details of mercy petitions received by Agrawal, the execution of Ramchandra seemed to be the quickest. Kasab's case is believed to be the second fastest as he was executed nearly four years after his involvement in the most audacious terrorist attack on India.Agrawal said abnormally high delay in deciding mercy petitions and also subsequent execution in case of rejection of mercy petitions unnecessarily creates provocation including even state assemblies passing resolutions for pardon on religious and regional grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17316091", "title": "CBI should probe denotification of airport land: Vijai Sardesai", "text": "MARGAO: Independent MLA Vijai Sardesai has demanded a CBI probe into the denotification of land that was acquired for a parking lot as part of the expansion plans of Dabolim airport and plans on calling on the governor to push his demand.While addressing mediapersons on Wednesday, Sardesai said that it is high time the people of Goa asked the state government why it is protecting the interests of a private builder at Dabolim at the cost of Goa's tourism industry and national security.Sardesai pointed out that he had discovered that commodore L K Agrawalla, chief staff officer of the flag officer commanding, Goa Naval area, had written a letter to the Goa government that the real estate project, which is coming up on the denotified land, is considered a serious threat to the military, VVIP and civil aviation security. \"The area can be used as a safe haven for disruptive elements or for valuable intelligence gathering as full view and access to the runway will be easily available to unrestricted civil population of the area,\" read the letter. The letter further states that \"if the area remains under control of the Airport Authority of India (AAI as originally intended, the degree of threat would be significantly contained, as the subject site is less than 200m from the main gate of major Naval air station INS Hansa and equally close to the AAI cargo complex\".Sardesai pointed out that AAI had written to the collector of South Goa who has also agreed that the AAI feels that the denotified land is best suited for parking since the other lands are fragmented and that subsequently, the Navy has obtained a stay from the administrative tribunal.\"It is clear that the whole airport parking land acquisition issue is a state-sponsored fraud,\" Sardesai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17315581", "title": "Ex-armyman shoots 3 daughters, injures wife", "text": "LUCKNOW: A retired armyman shot dead his three minor daughters and critically wounded his wife after an altercation with the latter in Mathura on Wednesday. Police have arrested the accused and recovered the licensed gun used in the crime.The incident took place in Nagla Deepa village of Mathura on Wednesday afternoon. The accused, Mahesh, was without a job after taking retirement from the Indian Army where he served as a jawan, police said. The couple had frequent arguments due to financial crisis. On Wednesday too, they had an argument and Mahesh in a fit of rage took out his licensed gun and shot dead his daughters -- Vinita (3), Kajal (5) and Chandani (6).When Mahesh opened fire, his wife Sohan Hiri came rushing in. Finding her two daughters lying in a pool of blood, she tried to stop Mahesh, who was reloading the gun. In the ensuing scuffle between them, Mahesh shot his wife Sohan Hiri and their third daughter. The three girls died on the spot.Neighbours rushed Sohan Hiri to the district hospital where her condition was stated to be critical. The locals informed the police about the incident. The police later arrested Mahesh from his house. They also recovered four empty shells used in the crime.The police booked Mahesh for triple murder and later produced him before a local court which remanded him to judicial custody. Police said Mahesh neither denied his involvement in the crime nor resisted his arrest. He kept mum during police interrogation. Police said they will seek his remand to record his statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316033", "title": "Woman burns husband, child to death", "text": "HYDERABAD: A woman set her husband and infant son on fire on Wednesday at Gurajavolu in Guntur district.While the infant Anand Paul died, her husband Danayyam is critical at the Guntur government hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17316851", "title": "Meet called to clear Metro roadblocks", "text": "KOLKATA: The Joka-BBD Bag Metro project has hit a roadblock due to delays in the issuance of No Objection Certificates (NOCs) from the Union ministries of shipping, finance and defence. The state government has convened a meeting at Writers' Building on November 30 to try and resolve the issue. Letters have been sent to the Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) chairman, general managers of the Metro and Eastern Railways, the General Officer Commanding of Bengal Area and other officials to attend the meeting that will be chaired by the chief secretary.\"All agencies have been requested to bring status reports. We hope to resolve certain issues relating to extension of the Metro Railway network during this meeting. The projects were announced by Mamata Banerjee when she was railway minister and she doesn't want them to face hurdles,\" an official at the state secretariat said.While KoPT has given permissive possession of land for the Joka-BBD Bag project, physical work hasn't started. For this Metro Railway needs to pay an upfront sum to KoPT and draw out a lease agreement. Before this can be done, land occupied by a private company needs to be vacated by KoPT. There is a similar situation outside the Alipore Mint.\"The land in front of the Mint building belongs to KoPT but the Union ministry of finance has not yet given clearance for physical execution of work. The general manager of Alipore Mint didn't attend the coordination meeting called by the KoPT chairman on September 13, 2012 on grounds that the matter is being dealt with at the level of the ministry of finance,\" it has been stated in a document prepared by the state.The Metro requires 15 hectares on the Maidan for four years to park its equipment while completing the stretch between Mominpore and Esplanade. As a permanent solution, Eastern Railway had offered land near the Bagjola canal in Dum Dum to the ministry of defence on June 21, 2012.\"An NOC from the ministry for construction of a viaduct along the boundary of 14 Bihar ( Bihar Warriors) and Defence Accounts Department in Sector V is still awaited. Exchange of a strip of land along Diamond Harbour Road between Mominpore and Kidderpore and about 4,225 sqm for the elevated Mominpore station behind Command Hospital is needed. Temporary transfer of 15 hectares of defence land in the Maidan area for storage and construction of underground stations and tunnels is also required. Permission is also required to locate underground stations near Victoria Memorial, Park Street and in front of the Shahid Minar as well as tunneling between Kidderpore and Esplanade under Turf View, Race Course and the Maidan,\" the document states.Metro officials claimed that they made a detailed presentation to the Army on September 10. A day later, a consolidated proposal involving temporary or permanent transfer of land belonging to the defence ministry was also handed over. \"We assured that the Maidan would not be damaged. All we need are a few small patches for exit points. The officials here agreed on principle but a nod is awaited from Delhi,\" one of them said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17318653", "title": "Court rejects CBI plea for original papers in TI case", "text": "INDORE: A special court (anti-corruption act) in Indore on Wednesday rejected the application of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) seeking original copy of documents and files related to Treasure Island land scam case involving former chief minister and Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh and five others.The special court of Justice Rajeev Shrivastava has asked the CBI to collect the certified copy of documents and files related to the case and carry on the investigation. However, the special court observed that original documents and files are evidence that cannot be shared with the investigation agency as long as the trial is on. The special court mentioned that CBI can carry out investigation with certified copies and in special cases it can take some of the original documents and return them back to the court.Talking to TOI, Manohar Dalal, who is the petitioner's advocate said, \"Court has rejected the application of CBI that requested for original documents and files of the case. The agency has been asked to collect certified copies of the documents and start its investigation.\" He added that the court has agreed to the view that original documents are not necessary to carry out an investigation.A team of CBI was in the city in connection with the case and it has appealed before court for original documents and files relating to the case.Social activist Mahesh Garg had filed a case over Treasure Island land scam accusing Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh, who was the then chief minister of the state, and fiver others. It is to be noted that the Economic Offences Wing (EOW) which had earlier investigated the case, gave the accused a clean chit and closed the case.Recently the court has asked the CBI to file a case against Digvijay Singh and investigate the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17317146", "title": "One in 5 men has a secret email account", "text": "LONDON: One in five men have a secret email account they use to hide love affairs, financial issues and correspondence with an ex from their partner, according to a new study. Researchers found that millions of men keep an account they opened years ago to correspond with an expartner or somebody their other half doesn't like.Others said they deliberately set up the account because they were having an affair , while keeping financial issues from their partner also emerged as a common reason , the Daily Mail reported.One in twenty men admitted buying a second mobile phone to ensure ultimate secrecy and 77% of men said they regularly deleted text messages in case their wife or girlfriend went 'snooping' through their phone, found the survey by a Britain-based software company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17315254", "title": "Extortionist cops arrested", "text": "GURGAON: Two Rewari policemen, a BSF jawan and two of their friends were caught extorting money from drivers of vehicles plying in Gurgaon. They reportedly stopped vehicles and took bribes from from drivers near Leisure Valley Park late on Tuesday evening.They crossed all limits when they held a driver hostage in their police car and threatened to take him to the police station. Police, acting on a tip-off, nabbed all the five extortionists near Kherki Dhaula toll plaza.After freeing the hostage, Ravinder Kumar who was driving a four-wheel drive, from the clutches of the bad cops, the Sector 29 police on Wednesday lodged an FIR against the five accused under Sections 342, 385, 170 and 34 IPC and produced them in a city court which sent them in judicial custody.Rewari police were later preparing to suspend the accused constables who was in uniform during the extortion act. \"We are waiting for the report of Gurgaon police and will suspend them and conduct a departmental inquiry,\" Bharti Arora, SSP, Rewari, told TOI.\"The accused were identified as Neeraj and Vijay Kumar, residents of Budoli village in Rewari district; Amit, resident of Niwaj Nagar, Narnaul; Dheer Singh, resident of Matlana village in Hisar district; and Puspender, resident of a village in Khol police station area in Rewari district. Neeraj and Dheer Singh are constables with Haryana police and were deployed in Rewari district while Vijay is the BSF jawan.The person, who was held hostage by the accused was identified as Ravinder Kumar, who was working as an auto spare parts supplier,\" said Hardeep Singh Hooda, SHO, Sector 29 police station.According to the police, the accused had gone to Delhi for a party and on their way back they stopped by in a drunken state at Leisure Valley Park. It was then that they stopped many vehicles and took bribes from the drivers.\"The accused were extorting money from the drivers of vehicles passing by. They took Rs 1,000 to Rs 2,000 from two or three vehicles and tried to flee when a night patrol team got information about them and followed them,\" said Maheswar Dayal, DCP (East).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17315780", "title": "Winter sees spurt in respiratory tract infections, skin problems", "text": "PUNE: With the onset of winter and sudden drop in temperature, scores of people are falling ill with upper respiratory tract infections, asthma and skin-related problems. The number of cases have increased by 20 to 40% in hospitals.Apart from the high air pollution in city, climate change has aggravated blood pressure and heart problems. Doctors warn that people with rheumatoid arthritis and neurological problems who have muscle spasticity (stiffness) should take additional precaution.Sanjay Agarwal, head of the department of medicine at Ruby Hall Clinic , and senior consultant, medicine, Jehangir hospital, told TOI that patients with chest infections, respiratory problems and asthmatic problems are on the rise during this winter period. There is an increase in bronchitis cases too. \"Climate change triggers these cases and we are experiencing weather-related problems. One should report early with the onset of symptoms,'' he said.Chandrashekhar Phansalkar, consulting physician, Ratna Memorial Hospital, said when the body is exposed to cold weather, we produce more heat and the energy is spend overcoming this cold. Thus, immunity drops. Persons with less immunity, such as elderly people and diabetics, are more prone to diseases. The dry cold weather in Pune aggravates asthma problems.The other common problems are skin-related problems, such as infections, allergy, itching and rashes. Dry skin has less resistance when compared to healthy skin, he said.Phansalkar said that because of the high air pollution in the city, the polluted air remain stagnated at the lower level. As repiratory problems increase, people come with complaints such as cold, sore throat, cough and sneezing, among others. When the weather is cold, the blood vessels get constricted. If a patient is already suffering from blood pressure and heart diseases, the sudden exposure to cold weather can lead to complications.Phansalkar said that patients with rheumatoid arthritis should take care. Lack of movement in joint and cold weather can aggravate the problem. One should do good exercise of joints and keep themselves warm. Also, people with neurological problems, who have muscle spasticity or stiffness, should take similar additional precaution during this period.On similar lines, Mahendra Dhadke, senior consultant medicine, Aditya Birla memorial hospital, said there has been an increase in about 30-40% increase in cases during this period.There is a spurt in airborne infections. \"The drop in temperature aggravates pneumonia and acute bronchitis. One who is prone to arthritis can get infections too. So people with arthritis should keep themselves warm and consult the doctor early. Patients with pneumonia, diabetes and heart diseases should also get vaccinated,'' he said.Abhijeet P Joshi, consultant physician, Joshi Hospital, said the incidences of cold and cough, allergy and viral infections have gone up. \"In the last three weeks, there has been an increase in around 20% such cases. We usually ask the patients to keep themselves hydrated throughout the day, rest and, if needed, give anti-histamines that specifically prevent allergic reactions,'' he said.This winter season, pediatricians are also seeing an increase in cough and cold among children. Jayant Joshi, consultant pediatrician, Gupte Hospital, said, \"over the last 4-5 days, there has been a rise in cold and cough incidences among children. But it is not significant and rarely is associated with fever or infection. Also, these cases were reported after one week of Diwali because of change in eating pattern and inhalation of smoke from firecrackers. The elders should follow the change in weather and keep their children warm,'' he said.Doctors have advised citizens to take precautions such as avoiding cold food, keeping warm, exercising regularly, staying hydrated, maintaining moisture in the skin and maintaining personal hygiene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17316987", "title": "Frane Lessac tells how to spin a story", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When it comes to children, the best way of getting your point across is through a story. If you can throw in some cute illustrations, nothing like it. Frane Lessac, regional adviser for the Society of children's book writers and illustrators for Australia West, knows that. On Wednesday, she interacted with children to affirm what she has been practicing for years, story time is the best time. The children's book writer and illustrator interacted with students of St Kabir's School, Sector 26 and Guru Nanak Public School, Sector 37, telling them the story of a book, right from conception to publication. She also told them how she writes stories.Citing examples of three books, imaginatively titled, \"The wonderful Tower of Watts,\" \"The adventures of Louis De Rougement,\" \"The greatest liar on Earth\" and \"Simpson and his donkey,\" Frane gave students tips on writing and vocal exercises.She also taught students to draw illustrations, using crayons and water brush. \"I have been learning illustrations since I was two years old and I have always liked being with children. The best part of my career is that I get to interact with children a lot. I am more of an illustrator than a writer,\" she said.Frane's upcoming project would be of great interest to new and would be parents. She is working on a book for newborns. \"Newborns have the ability to see and understand images and pictures,\" she explained.Travel, when combined with imagination, opens up many stories. \"I travel a lot and have been to more than 35 countries. I always keep a camera with me to take pictures which form the basis of my illustrations. Some stories need lot of research in museums though,\" she said.The much-appreciated event was organized by the Society for the Promotion of Indian Classical Music and Culture Amongst Youth (SPIC MACAY), Chandigarh chapter, in collaboration with the Australian Embassy under its Oz Fest. It was part of SPIC MACAY's World Heritage series.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316501", "title": "Telangana Congress MPs threaten to abstain from \u00e2\u20ac\u02dctrust\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 vote in Parliament", "text": "HYDERABAD: With their political future at stake due to the ambivalent stance of the party on the separate state demand, Telangana Congress MPs have decided to become aggressive during the winter session of Parliament beginning Thursday by violating the whip issued by the party and abstain from voting on important bills related to FDIs in retail as well as a no-confidence motion if it becomes a reality in this session.If these tactics do not result in the Congress making a positive statement on Telangana, the MPs are likely to leave the party and float the Telangana Congress. The possibility of one or two of them joining the TRS or YSR Congress is also not ruled out. \"We will defy the whip and would not hesitate to abstain from voting on important bills related to FDIs in retail and a no-confidence motion against the UPA government if tabled,\" Nalgonda MP Gutha Sukhender Reddy told TOI after a meeting of the region's MPs here on Wednesday.According to the MP, their campaign will begin with obstructing the Lok Sabha when the winter session commences on Thursday.Of the 12 MPs from the region, at least five are ready to go to any extent in the House. They are Sukhender Reddy, G Vivekananda, Madhu Yaskhi Goud, Manda Jagannatham and S Rajaiah.Nizambad MP Madhu Yaskhi also is for defying the whip in case the high command ignores their plea for a T-statement. \"Our target is to get a T statement in the winter session. All the MPs of the region are united on this. We will decide on stepping up the programme of action in the House as and when necessary,\" Yaskhi said.The Telangana MPs want a positive statement from the Congress by December 9 as it was on that day three years ago that then Union home minister P Chidambaram announced a road map for Telangana only to reverse it 14 days later. Karimnagar MP Ponnam Prabhakar said the MP would go to any extent for the sake of Telangana.The situation is different as compared to the monsoon session when the T MPs called off their protest after being rebuffed by party president Sonia Gandhi. This is because, in the interim, the party has snubbed the T MPs by not considering those who are in the forefront of the T movement for inclusion in the recent Manmohan Singh ministry expansion. By making only Malkajgiri MP Sarve Satyanarayana as a minister, the Congress gave a clear message to the T MPs that their vocal protests are disapproved of.The vocal T MPs are also apprehensive that they would be denied tickets in the 2014 elections. As a result, if the same attitude persists on the part of the party high command, they would have to either quit the party and float the Telangana Congress or join some other political party.It was in this backdrop that the T MPs held a meeting at the residence of senior leader K Keshava Rao in Hyderabad on Wednesday. Keshava Rao is reportedly advocating forming the Telangana Congress on the lines of the Telangana Praja Samiti of 1969.After the meeting, Keshava Rao met TRS president K Chandrasekhar Rao and addressed the media along with him. \"We would go to any extent to get the Telangana state realised,\" Keshava Rao said. He said they would decide which path to tread once the Congress says no to Telangana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17316761", "title": "Court orders former cop to appear before commission", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court observed that Nawal Kishor Singh, the former DC (south) of Kolkata Police, who had filed a writ petition challenging the legality of the Inquiry Commission set up to probe the police firing on July 2, 1993, should appear before the Justice Susanta Chatterjee Commission on December 4 next, through any advocate.Singh moved the petition, challenging the legality of the commission headed by Justice Chatterjee that was probing the death of 13 Congress workers in the firing. The Mamata Banerjee government issued notification for the commission on November 24, 2011 and it started its function on January 12.While disposing of the writ petition, Justice Dipankar Datta observed that Singh should appear before the commission through any advocate and make his submission by way of an affidavit. Singh in his petition alleged that the commission is illegal and unconstitutional. He also made the chief secretary and the judicial secretary as party to the case.The petition argued that under the commission of Inquiry Act 1952, the chairman of the commission has no power to cross examine any witness as it is not a judicial forum. So he sought an order not to appear before the commission. But the court refused to pass any such order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17318265", "title": "Charaideo has potential to be World Heritage Site", "text": "GUWAHATI: The head of directorate of archaeology, Assam, HN Dutta, has said the iconic Ahom monument in Charaideo has the potential to be included under Unesco's World Heritage Site in the historic monument category.The iconic Ahom monument, which is located in a burial site, is in Sivasagar district.The World Heritage Week, which is underway at the Ambari Archaeological site, was inaugurated on Monday by HN Dutta with an exhibition on the achievement and works of archaeology in the past years. The event was specially aimed at the student community to teach them to respect local tradition and culture.\"We have two world heritage sites in Assam but we have no monument under the Unesco World Heritage Category. Charaideo has all the potential to be a nominee in the list. It is rare monument that encompasses traits on the lines of a Buddhist stupa, both religiously and architecturally,\" said Dutta.Dutta laid emphasis on the need of preservation of the state's cultural heritage in the face of globalisation and encouraged the students' community to respect the local tradition and culture.The World Heritage Week was initiated by the Unesco to highlight the importance of ancient and medieval monuments in the world. The meeting was chaired by RD Choudhury, former directorate general of National Museum in New Delhi, and Kamaleswar Bora, former vice-chancellor of Dibrugarh University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "pushkar (ajmer)", "code": "17315983", "title": "Pushkar fair off to a colourful start", "text": "PUSHKAR (AJMER): The international cattle fair on Wednesday kicked off amid colourful celebrations and enthusiastic participation of foreign tourists.The district administration in Ajmer also announced November 27 as a public holiday on account of major celebrations during the Pushkar Fair.Besides the huge gathering of farmers for cattle purchase, the first day's highlight was a football match played between the locals and foreign tourists. The match ended in a 1-1 draw.A camel race was also organized which saw participation in large numbers by local camel owners. As the camels galloped towards the finishing line, several hundreds of tourists cheered them.The event started with musicians playing the 'nagara' and inviting participants to join in the celebration. Farmers with their cattle, camel owners soon started trickling in at the main ground. Not much buying takes place on the first day as buyers generally like to gauge the trend for a day or two and then quote a price.A black pony from Punjab was the centre of attraction and several buyers made enquiries about its prices. The international fair is known for setting new records at selling of cattle and camel. \"Two years ago a pony called Sundari was sold for Rs 65 lakh. Most buyers from Uttar Pradesh and Bihar come to this fair to get good and sturdy horses,\" claimed Ravinder, a cattle broker.While camels continue to the favourite, horses too are gaining favour with buyers.\"The trend of buying horses has increased over the past five years and buyers, mostly businessmen, are now coming to this fair to get the best breed of horses. Most of them buy horses to earn a status symbol in the society,\" a source at the animal husbandry department said.Among camel breeds Nagauri, Jodhpuri and Bikaneri are the most popular. \"In the next four-five days the base price for cattle buying is likely to be decided upon. That is when we will sell off our camels,\" said one Surender Singh Vaishnav from Barmer.Besides tourists and cattle buyers, a large number of devotees are also coming to Pushkar to take part in the holy bath on ekadashi (11{+t}{+h} day). Sadhus, especially naga sadhus, take part in this 'panch triath snan'.The flow of foreign tourists this time is less in comparison to last year but most of those who dropped here in the town were looking enjoying the colors of fair. Devotees from different parts of the state are also coming to witness this colorful event of Rajasthan.For tourists coming to attend international cattle fair are also attracted by the mystic looks and activities of Sadhus that are coming in good numbers to attend the religious occasion in Pushkar. These Sadhus are collected here to participate in the Panch-Triath Snan (five element bath) on the occasion of Ekadashi. Especially foreign tourists are attracted with these numbers to know about \"Mystic India.\" Besides the sadhus, Panch - Patels of various tribal communities and castes organized yearly meeting in Pushkar to decide their guidelines of communities. The Meetings of Rawat, Jats and some feudal rajputs has to commence in Pushkar. Naga Sadhus are the main attraction on the occasion of five element bath where they came only to participate on this occasion. \"I came from Arunachal Pradesh and this is my continuous fiftieth year, the occasion is very- very important for us\" said a sadhu. There are about 18 different types of sadhus who are participating the occasion and their numbers and activities will increase with the full moon (Kartika Purnima).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17315811", "title": "Koka sanctuary proposed in Bhandara", "text": "NAGPUR: It is raining wildlife sanctuaries in forest and biodiversity-rich Vidarbha. With state government showing interest, Bhandara forest division has prepared a proposal for 92 sq km Koka wildlife sanctuary, just 20km from Bhandara.In the last two years since November 2010, government has notified at least five wildlife sanctuaries - Mansinghdeo, New Bor, New Nagzira, Navegaon and Umred-Karhandla. Koka will be sixth. Koka is a dense forest and has rich wildlife including tigers and leopards besides wolves and herbivores like gaurs, chitals and sambars. The area also has some natural water bodies and supports dispersing populations from Nagzira and New Nagzira.The Koka proposal has been sent by deputy conservator of forests (DyCF) R V Karnan to chief conservator of forests (CCF) for Nagpur Circle S H Patil. \"I forwarded the proposal two days ago to additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF) for wildlife (East) A K Saxena,\" Patil told TOI. The proposed sanctuary includes 28 compartments with an area of 8,984.156 hectares leased out to Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) and one protected forest compartment of 250.167 hectares of Bhandara forest division. The total sanctuary area comes to 92.35 sq km, equivalent to 4,941 football fields.Three months ago, during his visit to Navegaon-Nagzira, principal secretary (forests) Praveen Pardeshi had evinced keen interest in Koka forest and had asked the officials to prepare a sanctuary proposal as the area was contiguous to newly declared 151.33 sq km New Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary. Accordingly, then DyCF Yasbir Singh had prepared a proposal of 110 sq km, but as it included three villages - Chandrapur, Sonegaon and Dudhara - it was revised recently by Karnan to 92 sq km by excluding these villages.\"There are no villages in the proposed area now. If declared a sanctuary, it will ease pressure on Nagzira and New Nagzira. Pitezari gate of Nagzira is hardly 20km from Koka,\" said Karnan.Wildlife buffs are delighted about the move. Bhandara honorary district wildlife warden Rajkamal Job said Koka had tremendous tourism potential. \"It will be 80km from Nagpur and will divert excess flow of visitors from Nagzira,\" Job said. The three villages around Koka can reap benefits with the help of eco-development committees (EDCs), he added.According to Prafulla Bhamburkar, manager of Wildlife Trust of India (WTI), Koka was declared a reserve forest in 1879. It was a shooting block during the Raj era. \"The area has good prey base. If similar protection is granted to Lendezari-Gaimukh then entire Pench corridor would be protected,\" Bhamburkar felt. The committee on 'Rationalization of boundaries of PAs' has already asked the state to increase protected area (PA) network in lieu of reduction of 8,496 sq km Great Indian Bustard (GIB) sanctuary in Nanaj in Solapur to 1,222.61 sq km.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17318280", "title": "Nabam Tuki stresses on effective policing", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki stressed on effective policing through adequate manning of check gates, increasing night patrolling in the cities and nabbing criminals involved in offences at as soon as possible.Tuki, who also holds the home portfolio, discussed the overall security and law and order scenario of the state during a high-level security meeting here Tuesday, official sources informed here on Wednesday.The meeting, attended by parliamentary secretary for home Gadam Ete, the chief secretary, the home commissioner and the DGP, dwelt at length about appropriate and immediate steps to be taken to improve law and order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17317853", "title": "Diamantaires stockpile roughs fearing further price hike", "text": "SURAT: Diamantaires in Surat have started stockpiling rough diamonds after the Diamond Trading Company (DTC) began decreasing the prices by about eight per cent recently.As per the data by Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC), India imported $1.48 billion worth of rough diamonds in October, up 109 per cent compared to the same month in the previous year.In the past one year or so, the rough diamond prices have increased by almost 25 per cent in the global market with the leading diamond mining companies like Alrosa , De Beers and Rio Tinto citing increased cost of mining and other issues like depleting stocks in the existing mines.Industry sources said that the surge in imports followed a period of lower than usual level of imports that started in May, as manufacturers suffered from stunted polished diamond sales against high rough prices. In October, the DTC lowered prices and decreased supply to meet the market's needs.In October, the volume of imports, 15.6 million carats, increased 191 per cent compared to the depressed imports in October 2011.A DTC sightholder said, \"There is a fear in the market that the prices of rough diamonds may increase in 2013 following the dwindling supply of the diamond mines globally. However, the diamond manufacturers have started piling up their inventories. There is an even price benefit after the DTC lowered the rough diamond prices by almost 8 per cent.\"Dinesh Navadia, president, Surat Diamond Association (SDA) said, \"The demand for rough diamonds has increased in the last one month. The import of roughs was quite low during the first seven months of 2012 as the prices had increased. Now since the prices have come down, the diamond manufacturers have started stashing the goods to meet their demands for the coming year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320817", "title": "I would simply love to essay The Punisher: Mahakshay", "text": "Mahakshay Chakraborty is an avid reader. He loves reading anything that is interesting and food for the mind But his eternal favorites are his The Punisher series. For the uninitiated, The Punisher aka Frank Castle is a Marvel Comics antihero who his first appearance in The Amazing Spider-Man in 1974.The Punisher is a vigilante who takes to his mission when his wife and kids witness a gang execution and are killed by the mob. He, driven by his grief, wages a one-man war on all criminals. \"The Punisher is a war veteran, a martial arts guru who uses stealth tactics, guerrilla warfare among others in his battle. And that excites me about the character. Also, he has a reason for being who he is and the way he is. That rationale appeals to me. On the whole, The Punisher is wronged man who wants to set wrong things right. I simply love him,\" says Mahakshay.The Punisher who came to life in 1974 was part of a wave of psychologically troubled antiheroes in a decade and was the cause of books like The Punisher War Journal, The Punisher War Zone, and The Punisher Armory.\"Despite his violent actions and dark nature, the Punisherhas enjoyed success on television, been on Spider-Man:The Animated Series and even The Super Hero Squad Show. In feature films, Dolph Lundgren portrayed thePunisher in 1989, as did Thomas Jane in2004, and Ray Stevenson in 2008. I would simply love to essay The Punisher today.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17316579", "title": "Derek O'Brien shares UN experience with students", "text": "KOLKATA: School students were in for a treat at the United Nations Interface on Wednesday with Trinamool Congress MP Derek O'Brien sharing his experiences of the 67th UN General Assembly Session where O'Brien spoke as a nominated Indian delegation member this year. Organized by La Martiniere School for Boys and La Martiniere School for Girls, the interative session saw participation of various city schools.O'Brien opened the session with a quiz on the India-United Nations connection over the years. From Jawaharlal Nehru to pictures of him speaking at the UN General Assembly, the MP explained the importance of UN sessions. \"It is a known fact that Nehru inducted India into United Nations and brought in the concept of sending members of Parliament (MPs) as delegation members,\" said O'Brien.Elaborating on his speech, O'Brien said, \"You are supposed to speak about the issues that bother the world at large, but you should also add that local flavour in your speech.\"\"It was brilliant to get a first-hand account of how the sessions work,\" said Class XI student Yamir Tainwala , secretary general of the model United Nations at the La Martiniere School for Boys.\"I am sure everybody here is proud to see the pictures of Derek O'Brien speaking at UN General Assembly. We are honoured that he agreed to share his experiences,\" said La Martiniere School for Boys' principal Sunirmal Chakravarty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319369", "title": "Samantha has her hands full", "text": "After four consecutive hits in Tollywood, actress Samantha, who is back in business after a long hiatus, is still in huge demand. Despite the actress losing a few projects due to prolonged illness, her kitty boasts of a slew of big ticket projects. She is paired opposite Mahesh Babu in Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu, stars with Siddharth in Nandini Reddy's next, will be seen romancing Naga Chaitanya in Autonagar Surya and also stars in a bi-lingual opposite Nani titled Yeto Vellipoyindi Manasu. Apart from these projects, the actress has signed a few more big films. She is all set to play leading lady opposite NTR Jr in his forthcoming film directed by Harish Shankar of Gabbar Singh fame. Confirming the news, the director told us, \"Yes, we zeroed in on Samantha for the main lead.\" Harish reveals that the shooting of the film will start from the second week of December. The other two big projects which will start soon are one opposite Pawan Kalyan, directed by Trivikram Srinivas and another one is in Tamil opposite Surya directed by Linguswamy. Apart from these, the actresses has already signed a film that stars three generations of the Akkineni family \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Naga Chaitanya, Nagarjuna and Nageswara Rao. \"She will play the lead opposite Naga Chaitanya,\" said Nagarjuna about the film. Samantha will also star in the debut of producer Bellamkonda Suresh's son, to be directed by VV Vinayak. When contacted, the elusive Samantha told us, \"I don't want to talk about my new projects until the first day of shoot starts, but I can say that I have some exciting projects lined up in the coming months and I'm thrilled!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17315972", "title": "Gujjars considering agitation as OBC commission sets another deadline for report", "text": "JAIPUR: Even as the Gujjar community appears to be losing patience with the state government over the increased job-quota demand, the Other Backward Classes (OBC) commission has reset its deadline for the third time about submitting its report that would decide the community's fate.Commission chairperson Justice I S Israni (retired) repeated on Tuesday that the report, which would be about OBC communities' backwardness or otherwise after the country's 65 years of reservation policy, would be submitted to the state government within this week. Twice earlier also the commission chairperson told reporters-first on September 27 and then on November 5-about submitting the report within a week.\"We will surely submit the report within this week,\" Justice Israni told TOI on Tuesday, adding, \"It could not be submitted until now as we were examining some legal aspects involved in it.\"The new deadline set by the commission for itself ends on November 24 (Saturday), while the Gujjar leaders associated with Kirori Singh Bainsla have called a meeting on Wednesday to decide on their strategy to press government for an early settlement of the demand. \"The government has already delayed much. Our select leaders will meet tomorrow to decide on when to regroup the community for an agitation,\" said Himmat Singh Gurjar, spokesperson of the Bainsla-led Rajasthan Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti. After Bainsla's separate meetings with the OBC commission chairperson Israni and chief secretary CK Mathew early this month, the Samiti was assured of a resolution by November 10.The Gujjars have been demanding increased quota in government jobs and educational institutes through shifting their community from OBC category to ST category or allowing them 5% separate quota as special backward classes (SBC) along with the Rebari, Banjara and Garia-Lohar communities. The SBC category was created by the previous Vasundhara Raje-led government that drafted the state's reservation Act in 2008. The Rajasthan high court, however, stayed execution of the Act as the SBC's creation was not based on any quantifiable data.The court asked the matter to be referred to the OBC commission for its recommendations and the state government was directed supply it the necessary data to examine if the communities qualified to be treated as special backward. Besides a private institute's survey report, the government also provided service data from its different departments to the OBC commission for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17319851", "title": "Allahabad University officials evict illegal occupants from KPUC hostel", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Continuing with the exercise of flushing out illegal inmates from various hostels, authorities of the Allahabad University raided the premises of KPUC hostel, on Wednesday. Although some inmates from KPUC were joined by those from other hostels to sabotage the raid, the authorities, with police backing, evicted 60 unauthorised inmates from the hostel which seats 174 students in all.As the raid began on Wednesday and the team reached the hostel where almost all the inmates were staying unlawfully, there was slogan shouting against the university administration.The inmates were joined by others from DJ and PCB hostels. They tried to stage a walkout, but refusing to bend to the pressure, AU authorities continued with the raid.In all, 60 unauthorised individuals were thrown out of the hostel and around 24 fresh inmates were given possession of rooms.Prof Mata Ambar Tiwari chief proctor informed all legal inmates should get their documents verified and stay only in rooms allotted to them failing which they would not only be deprived of their character certificate but also debarred from appearing in the annual exam. \"We would henceforth be identifying through videography students who arrived at various hostels and tried to hinder raids and the report would be submitted at Allahabad high court whose instructions are being followed,\" said Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17317020", "title": "Calicut University senate awards 33,684 degrees", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Calicut University senate, on Wednesday, awarded degrees to 33,684 students of various courses, the results of which were announced recently.The university intends to award the original certificates to the degree, PG, MPhil and PhD graduates in a special convocation to be held on the campus in December.Those who would like to receive their certificates at the convocation should register their names online through the varsity website www.universityofcalicut.info. Printout of the application along with the chalan receipt of Rs 2,000 should reach the controller of examinations before November 30. Degrees were awarded to 9,400 BCom, 10,018 BSc and 4,714 BA students apart from MA, MSc, MPhil and PhD graduates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17319006", "title": "City trader, BSF officer held on graft charge", "text": "CHANDIGARH: CBI sleuths of the Chandigarh branch arrested a 40-year-old deputy financial adviser (DFA) with the Border Security Force (BSF), Charu Narang Thakur and a Ludhiana-based businessman, Sandeep Mehra, on graft charges at the BSF office near Landran in Mohali on Wednesday. The money being exchanged allegedly amounted to Rs 1.8 lakh.DFA Charu Narang was accepting the bribe offered by Sandeep Mehra to clear a Rs 25 lakh tender. This is the first time the CBI has arrested two people for seeking and offering a bribe together. Charu Narang is a 1998 batch Indian Post &amp; Telecommunication Accounts &amp; Finance (IP&TA;&FS;) officer attached with the BSF since January, 2011. Sandeep Mehra has a contract of supplying cloth to BSF jawans in different areas.CBI sleuths also recovered around Rs 1 lakh and other valuables and documents from Thakur's house in Sector 35 and Mehra's house in Ludhiana. According to CBI sources, \"A raid was conducted after a tip off about businessman Sandeep Mehra offering a bribe to DFA Thakur. Both were arrested and Rs 1.8 lakh was recovered from their possession.\" Sources said the deal was originally struck for Rs 2 lakh and both parties settled for Rs 1.8 lakh.DIG (CBI) Mahesh Aggarwal said a case has been registered under various sections of the Prevention of Corruption (PC) Act, 1988 and criminal conspiracy. The accused will be produced in the special CBI court at Patiala on Thursday. He said they were trying to ascertain whether Thakur had anything to do with Mehra's BSF contract. The DFA with the Border Security Force (BSF) is a newly created post, which Charu Thakur was the first to occupy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17317888", "title": "Mallika pupil in Modi's fold", "text": "VADODARA: Call it a coup by BJP or simply a disciple moving from under the wings of his guru to chart his own path - a pupil of danseuse Mallika Sarabhai, who is a known baiter of chief minister Narendra Modi is a strong contender for Halol assembly seat. The dancer, Bharat Bariya, is immensely popular in the constituency and is being considered as a candidate despite the fact that he never sought a ticket, party sources said.Bariya was spotted by Sarabhai in Halol during a shoot there around 30 years ago and she took him to the Darpana Academy and trained him. Bariya belongs to a family with humble means from Vaav in Halol taluka. After leaving the academy around 12 years ago, Bariya started doing Gujarati and tribal music albums. He also did some Gujarati feature films besides a series of prestigious dance performances that included those in front of the likes of former President A P J Abdul Kalam and former US president Bill Clinton . But at the same time he has been a regular at state government functions including those with a strong political message like the Sadbhavana Mission events and the Vivekananda Yuva Vikas Yatra (VYVY).At the VYVY culmination programme at Pavagadh foothills, Modi greeted Bariya warmly and introduced him to BJP national president Nitin Gadkari . This only added credibility to grapevine that he was in the fray. Bariya said that he was being considered by the party and would go by its decision. \"I am not a politically minded person and only intend to work in whatever capacity I can. I have not demanded the ticket,\" he said.Bariya has been influenced strongly by Modi. \"Whenever I travel abroad, people there ask me about the chief minister. Things have changed drastically in his rule. I see it even in the remote villages I visit,\" he said. But Bariya still admits that he owes a lot to Darpana. \"It is my mentor and I left it 12 years ago as my body of work was different,\" he said. He added that he had campaigned for Sarabhai when she contested the 2009 Lok Sabha polls.His leaving the academy and joining hands with Modi has, however, left no bitterness. On being asked about what she felt of Bariya's switch being his guru, Sarabhai replied, \"I am not a great guru shishya adherent. We have become a world of opportunists. Bharat comes from a very deprived family and has huge responsibilities as the head. A few years ago, he left serious dancing and went into making popular music albums to earn fast money. I understood his financial insecurity. He kept in touch. He did a lot of work for Modi in Vibrant Gujarat. He reaped many benefits due to his closeness to the BJP. But when I wanted him in my campaign, he came. I asked whether he feared the wrath of the chief minister, he said no. Ever since then he has been Modi's cultural mascot. The chief minister showers such gifts on his followers that it is easy to be tempted. I wish him luck and hope if he is elected, he will work for the weak that Darpana stands for.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17316056", "title": "Rajasthan HC order on Amanisha a relief for many house owners", "text": "JAIPUR: The high court's latest order on Amanishah Nullah which allowed the nullah width to be maintained between 150-210 feet on whichever side free space is available has come as a major relief for the Jaipur Development Authority.To provide relief to the house owners, the state government will not raze the houses if land is available in the flow area to make the nullah wide.Sources in the JDA claimed the actual flow area of the nullah is approximately 400 m, and to ensure swift flow of water directions have been given to make it at least 210 feet wide as per the report submitted by the Malaviya National Institute of Technology (MNIT).An official source said \"In areas where land is available in the flow area, the nullah's width will be increased to 210 feet without razing the houses.\"\"In the JDA region, nearly 571 houses are constructed in the catchment area of the nullah. After the HC order, at least half of these houses will be saved from demolition as some free land is available in the flow area,\" he added.Meanwhile, zone commissioners have been directed to identify more land to rehabilitate the affected houses owners in the same area. \"Seven zone commissioners of the areas from where the dry riverbed crosses have been asked to identify land for rehabilitation,\" a source said.An official explained, the special rehabilitation policy for the affected house owners of Amanishah Nullah has been recently finalized. The policy draws separate rules for the below poverty line (BPL) and above poverty line (ABL) families, who have their houses in the catchment areas. The policy has provisions of allotting land and financial assistance along with shifting facilities for rehabilitation.According to reports, the JDA has proposed rehabilitation for Jotrdawala and Saypur villages in zone-8, Aachrawala village in zone-11 and Mundiya Purohitan village in zone-12. An official said 30 square metre plots will be allotted to BPL families and 50 square metre plots to APL families. After a JDA survey, the eligible families will have to formally apply for rehabilitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17314962", "title": "Cops want 200 new CCTV cameras by Republic Day", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police fears attacks in the capital as reprisals for the hanging of 26/11 terrorist Ajmal Kasab. Therefore, the department plans to acquire over 200 additional CCTV cameras, which will be installed at strategic locations in four districts to scan every activity between January 17 and 26.These cameras, a source said, will become operational by January 14, and a dry-run will be conducted to ascertain that there are no last-minute glitches. The precise locations will be communicated to the installers by the DCPs concerned.The central district will have 30 CCTV cameras in different areas: six at Daryaganj, five at Jama Masjid, 19 at IP Estate covering Delhi Gate, ITO and adjoining areas. The north district, which includes areas like Chandni Chowk and Sunehri Masjid, will have 34 fixed and pan-tilt-zoom (PTZ) cameras. The northwest district, including Chhatrasal Stadium and adjoining roads towards Gunjranwala township, will have 26 cameras, the source said.In New Delhi district, areas like Vijay Chowk and adjoining roads, Nirman Bhawan, Krishi Bhawan, hotels and highrises will be scanned by 56 cameras. Apart from these, 65 CCTV cameras will be under the supervision of the security unit which will be monitoring movements on Dalhousie Road and at Rajpath, including the entry-exit enclosures, saluting dais, and water channels.The source said there will be separate control rooms in each district, which will be connected to the nearest police station or the police post with cyber highway nodes and then overall connectivity will be ensured with the C4i (Integrated Command Control Co-Ordination and Communication Centre) control room at police headquarters through optical fibres. In addition, a separate control room will be set up at the office of the DCPs concerned.The purpose of C4i is to provide an integrated decision support system and an uninformed real-time situation awareness for the police and includes monitoring of various markets, border check posts etc. The participating firm will have to demonstrate minimum four CCTV cameras and accessories having live-view and recording facility at Rajpath to India Gate before the technical committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17317179", "title": "Eden curator wants written instruction for preparing turner", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian skipper MS Dhoni's 'demand for rank turners' may have got the support of the BCCI top brass, but Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB) curator Prabir Mukherjee, who looks after Kolkata's historic Eden Gardens, is not ready to tow the line without official communication. He wants it in black and white from the cricket board.Speaking to TOI on Wednesday, the veteran curator said, \"I have already started preparation for the pitch for the third Test between India and England. To me, a good Test match pitch means a hard turf with a tinge of green. If the team management wants a turning track, it has to come from the board in writing.\"So far, Mukherjee has prepared 14 Test matches pitches over close to two decades and has the reputation of preparing result-producing tracks. \"Out of the last 14 matches at the Eden Garden, India have won 11, lost two and draw only once. Now, if the Indian team is looking for a turning pitch, there is no point talking to me without a written note,\" he said.The ball is in BCCI's court now. The Kolkata Test begins on December 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17315023", "title": "HUDA for perks on smart cards", "text": "GURGAON: With the deadline for introducing the touch card technology at the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway toll plaza nearing, the Haryana Urban Development Authority administrator has recommended incentives for commuters using these smart cards as a way to popularize the system.Under the MoU signed between NHAI and the private concessionaire, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd on September 18, the latter is required to implement the touch card technology at its own cost within four months from the date of MoU. In a recent meeting of all stakeholders, police commissioner K K Sindhu had asked the concessionaire to introduce Rs 200 denomination smart card and provide higher validity as compared to Rs 500 minimum denomination and 1-year validity.Talking to TOI, HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar said, \"We have asked the concessionaire to look into various ways of popularizing the cards. Delhi Metro gives discount on such cards, we could replicate that system here. Other methods can also be looked into.\"During the meeting, the DGSCL had also been asked by police to popularize the suggested 'touch-and-go' smart card among commuters and make them widely available at petrol pumps. The DGSCL has stopped charging any money for issuing e-tags to commuters in keeping with on of the conditions in the MoU where the concessionaire is not supposed to charge the cost/deposit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17316371", "title": "Pak govt dodges Kasab's execution note, citizens say hanging okay", "text": "NEW DELHI: If India thought the spirit behind Pakistan expediting the Mumbai trial would show also in how it received the news of India's decision to hang Ajmal Kasab, a proven Pakistani national, the government was clearly looking through rose-coloured glasses.For, the official communication to Pakistan - a letter from authorities in Maharashtra addressed to the next-of-kin of Kasab informing them about the completion of the legal process and hanging of Kasab on November 21 - sparked a veritable slugfest between the two countries with Islamabad refusing to receive or even acknowledge it.Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik on Wednesday evening, while speaking about Pakistan's commitment to the war on terrorism, did say that any person involved in a terrorist act should meet his \"logical end\" but there was no formal acknowledgement communicated to New Delhi.After foreign minister Salman Khurshid and home minister Sushil Shinde announced that Pakistan had refused to accept the letter, Pakistani officials in Islamabad said that they had not just received the communication but also acknowledged it. Government sources here said though that there was no acknowledgement from Pakistan even until late on Wednesday evening.According to official sources here, India's deputy high commissioner to Pakistan Gopal Baglay on Tuesday afternoon carried the letter to his counterpart, DG (South Asia), in the Pakistani foreign office, but the official refused to accept it. \"The official had refused to accept the communication, following which the same was faxed from the Indian High Commission to the official and a transmission report received,\" said an Indian official.Khurshid said that India's obligation to inform Pakistani authorities was adequately fulfilled. \"We also had in our possession a particular address given by Kasab and we did convey to that address as well the decision that had been taken,\" he said.Khurshid also said that there was no attempt by Pakistan to claim the body even though India could consider such a request from Kasab's family members. \"I would imagine it will have to be considered (request for body), as I said, in the light of legal requirements and the light of any other religious dimensions that might have to be considered. But we have no such request and we have no such information,\" he said. Malik said in Pakistan though that there was no request from Kasab's kin for his body.Pakistan had last week filed a petition in the Rawalpindi court where the Mumbai trial is being held saying that hearing be held on a daily basis leading to appreciation from India. This had further fuelled speculation about the likelihood of PM Manmohan Singh's visit to Pakistan before the foreign ministry on Friday indicated that this may not be possible because India still felt a sense of hurt over Mumbai.He said that India expected Pakistan to act in keeping with its law of the land in bringing the Mumbai attacks' culprits to justice. \"I think there is not a vast difference between criminal procedures in our country and Pakistan. And if that is upheld, I would imagine that they will be able to say that they have done whatever it takes to reach closure on an extremely unpleasant and unhappy event that caused enormous, enormous distress to our country and indeed a tremendous amount of tragic loss to our people,\" added Khurshid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17314514", "title": "We believe in IPL property: Pepsi", "text": "MUMBAI: After Pepsi won the Indian Premier League title sponsorship rights for Rs 396 crore for the next five years starting 2013, Pepsico vice-president (marketing) Deepika Warrier defended the price of the deal. \"We really believe in this property and we really believe that this is a big brand that the BCCI has been able to build. It's a brand that rivals sporting brands across the world. I think it's an absolutely game-changing format,\" Warrier said.IPL's initial title sponsor DLF had won the rights in 2008 for Rs 200 crore, payable at Rs 40 crore per year over a period of five years. Pepsi will now pay Rs 396 crore over the next five years at Rs 79 crore per year. With the tournament now being telecast in over 192 countries, as claimed by BCCI, sponsors believe it is now a good platform for international branding and are confident of returns.IPL commissioner Rajeev Shukla dismissed talk that the board had waited a long time to get the auction going, saying this was just media speculation.King XI fined for not legitimizing their teamNEW DELHI: Kings XI Punjab was fined Rs One crore by the IPL for transferring the stakes of the owners to a company which was formed without informing the Indian cricket board. According to a source, this arrangement was reached during the then IPL chairman Lalit Modi's tenure and the current administrators took a strong note of the 'irregularity.'\"The first owners formed a company and transferred the shares without informing the board. This was not a legitimate thing to do. Now, they are legitimate owners of the team and will be a part of the IPL 6,\" the source told TOI.IPL 6 players auction in January 2013The players auction for the sixth edition of IPL will be held in January next year either in Chennai or Kolkata. According to sources in the IPL, the auction would take place either on January 12 in Chennai or eight days later in Kolkata. This was decided by the governing council of the IPL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17316300", "title": "SC to decide fate of Sangma's petition against President on Dec 5", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday reserved orders on whether to undertake detailed scrutiny of Purno Sangma's petition challenging election of Pranab Mukherjee as President.If the court dismisses the petition at the threshold, all will be well for the President. But if it decides to hold trial on the election petition, then there could be a possibility of Mukherjee being summoned for cross-examination if the occasion so warrants during the proceedings.A bench comprising Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and Justices P Sathasivam, S S Nijjar, J Chelameswar and Ranjan Gogoi reserved orders after a preliminary scrutiny of Sangma's allegation that Mukherjee was disqualified from contesting the elections as he held two offices of profit - leader of the ruling party in Lok Sabha and chairman of Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata.Sangma's counsel Ram Jethmalani said the allegations were such that connected documents warranted a closer scrutiny and cross-examination of the persons concerned.This was countered by attorney general G E Vahanvati, who said the post of chairman of Indian Statistical Institute was not an office of profit defined by the law protecting an MP from disqualification if he held the post.The AG said the law providing protection from disqualification to the MP was not intended to define whether the post of chairman of Indian Statistical Institute was an office of profit or not.Mukherjee's counsel Harish Salve requested the court to dismiss the petition and said all documents in public domain clearly showed that Mukherjee had resigned from the two posts prior to filing nomination papers for the presidential election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17317004", "title": "Savings bank mela to be held on November 27", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A savings bank mela will be organized at the Kozhikode Head Post Office on November 27 to help the beneficiaries of welfare pensions distributed by the local bodies. The mela is organized as welfare pension will be distributed through post office savings bank.Those interested to start new accounts should bring a passport size photograph, Rs 50 for initial investment and a copy of voter's ID card, informed the senior postmaster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17316016", "title": "Ajmal Kasab trial proof of Indian judicial system's efficacy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The hanging of 26/11 convict Ajmal Kasab after a comprehensive trial and exhaustion of his legal options came in for all-round praise as evidence of India's capacity to handle sensitive cases fairly and transparently.Kasab's trial was widely reported in the media and the Pakistani citizen was provided with legal assistance as set out under the law. The step-by-step process met with the highest standards of evidence and court procedures.External affairs minister Salman Khurshid made the point and also called on Pakistan to display similar efficiency in dealing with 26/11 accused. \"Frankly speaking, we have allowed rule of law to prevail. Similarly, we hope and expect rule of law to prevail in Pakistan as well. There is not vast difference between the criminal procedures in India and Pakistan,\" he said.Opposition leaders also agreed that Kasab had met his just deserts and said the legal machinery had done its job in delivering the Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorist to the gallows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17316862", "title": "Cut in VAT to make milk products, sweets cheaper", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sweets and other milk products like butter and cream will soon get cheaper, with UT finalizing a proposal to bring down value added tax (VAT) to bring it on a par with the rates in Punjab. A decision in this regard was taken at a meeting of the advisory committee on VAT which took up representations from various traders' organizations too.In UT, 5% VAT is charged on sweets, which is not the case in the neighbouring state. There had been a demand that it should be scrapped. Similarly, VAT on cream and butter is 12.5% and on desi ghee, it is 5%. There is no VAT on milk in UT, whereas it is 5% on \"paneer\". It was decided that uniformity would be brought in VAT on cream, butter and desi ghee, by charging 5% on each of these.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17319482", "title": "Parliament adjourned over differences on FDI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Both houses of Parliament were adjourned till 12 noon as soon after they met on the first day of the winter session over differences on FDI in retail.In the Lok Sabha, BSP members rushed towards Speaker Meira Kumar's podium protesting the law and order in Uttar Pradesh.The Samajwadi Party in turn demanded the rollback of the LPG price hike.Earlier, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh sought cooperation of all his colleagues in both the Houses to come together and address issues and challenges facing the nation.Against the backdrop of vociferous opposition to FDI in retail and a threat of a no-confidence motion, Singh also reminded the Opposition of the obligation to work together to enable parliamentary democracy to grapple with the formidable challenges before the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320554", "title": "Kadal first look released", "text": "Maniratnam's kadal starring Gautham Karthik and Thulasi Nair is wrapped up and the audio launch is eagerly awaited. Meanwhile the first look poster of the film has been relesed.A facebook page for the movie 'Kadal' was launched a few days back and the first look poster was released today on the social networking site.Gautham Karthik posted on facebook \"Hey Guys!! my first look poster is out!!!! i cant begin to tell you guys how happy i'm feeling!!!! After so long, time spent waiting along side you guys to see the fruits of all the hard work everyone has put into this film, its finally starting!! i thank all of you for your love and support and hope i make you guys proud of me and what the unit has accomplished with this film!\"Recently A.R Rahman performed a song from my movie ' Kadal ' called nenjukulle at MTV unplugged.Image Courtesy: Kadal facebook page", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320214", "title": "30 artists displayed their talent at Aroma 2012", "text": "Thirty-three artists from different parts over India got together for a grand, national-level painting and sculpture exhibition at the Coomarswami Hall (Prince of Wales Museum), Kala Ghoda. This exhibition was designed by 'Corporate Art India' (Virtual Art Gallery) and Curated by Pravash Chatterjee and Minaksshi Bhattacharya.Each artist displayed the very unique interpretations of their outlooks and expressions that they created using their individualistic styles and their typically diverse mediums. When you look at the works of so many different artists you know that the tapestry of work reflects almost the entire gamut of contemporary art of our country and that, is rich.Oil, acrylic, mixed media, water colours, charcoal, pastels on canvas and paper by different artists highlighted subtle nuances of landscapes, beauty of nature, realistic work, abstract work with realistic, semi-realistic backgrounds, monumental works and spiritual endeavors also. The sculptures on display were made in bronze, fibre, wood, marble, metal relief and sandstone.The participating artists were Aanchal Sippy, Anita Patial Agarwal, Anjum Motiwala, Arabinda Samanta, Archana Podder, Arijit Bhattacharyya, Beenu Gupta, Chaitali Dey, Chaula Doshi, Danish Aagha, Deepak Sharma, Dhritisha Lahiri, Jagdish Wangde, Kalpana B. Ved, Madhumita Bhattacharya, Malvika Kamat, Manisha Jethwani, Manjari Goenka , Naba Kumar Ghosh, Padmanabh Bendre, Parul V Goradia, Radhika Seksaria, Rajwant Kaur Mann, Rakhi Baid, Rukshana Hooda, Sangeeta Babani, Shivani Attri, Sunita Wadhawan, Urmil Jain, Uttara Joshi, V2, Varsha B. Thakker and Varsha Vyas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17317917", "title": "Culinary training for noon meal workers", "text": "MADURAI: It was a day of learning for cooks of government, aided schools and anganwadis from various unions and municipalities, who took lessons from well-known chef Damodaran in Madurai, on Wednesday. The initiative comes following the state government's recent proposal to add multiple dishes in the noon meal provided in these school and anganwadis.The cooks were given hands-on training for preparing a variety of delicious food items for the midday meals, as well as some useful tips during the training held at the district collectorate. In Madurai district, 150 such workers consisting of noon meal organisers, cooks and assistants, who were selected from 13 panchayat unions, Madurai Corporation and Thirumangalam and Melur municipalities, attended the training on Wednesday. Those who were trained on Wednesday will be the master trainers in their unions and local bodies and train other noon meal workers in about 1,440 centres.Chef Damu, along with his assistants has been training these master trainers across the state and they have already covered 26 districts. Interacting with the media persons, Damu said, \"The government provides Rs 5.62 per child for the scheme and a variety of dishes can be prepared well within the budget as we are replacing the regular vegetables with other items like lemon, pulses etc. During our studies, we have found these varieties indeed attract school children and the wastage of food was nil. We have also studied that the nutrition value of these new food items, is equally high.\" Damu urged the headmasters and teachers to play an equal role in making the scheme successful.A noon meal worker, R Vallimalai from Sivarakottai, said, \"We are eager to learn these varieties of dishes in places of regular rice and dhal. It will also reduce our working hours as we used to spend lot of time cutting vegetables,\" she quipped. However, few noon meal workers in the training expressed their apprehensions whether these new dishes can be managed with the stipulated amount as the prices of groceries are soaring high.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17319200", "title": "Play on for fitness, says former hockey coach", "text": "LUDHIANA: Participating in sports is important even if one does not hold an ambition to become a professional sportsperson, said former international hockey coach Sukhvir Singh Grewal.This is the reason why sports should be promoted in schools for healthier development of children, he added, while addressing the students at a sports event at BCM Senior Secondary School, Chandigarh Road, on Wednesday.Taking up a sport as a hobby not only channelizes the energy among children, but also acts as a stress buster.\"Children should not be made to look at the results when they play a sport and should not be pushed to play any sport at professional level. Sport keeps children physically and mentally fit and inculcates discipline in them. It trains them to face failure and fight back with the right spirit,\" said Sukhvir, who has been influential in reviving hockey at the grass-root and school level in Punjab in the last few years.Explaining further, he told students, \"It doesn't have to be a sport; it can be any kind of physical activity - dancing, trekking, jogging or even walking - any physical activity you enjoy as a hobby.D P Guleria, principal of BCM Senior Secondary School, said, \"I have witnessed that playing a sport makes children not only physically fitter, but even mentally sharper. Most of the sportspersons in our school are sharp and zestful.\"The principal, said parents shy away from letting their children engage in sports of their choice. \"They want medals and unless they see a future in sports, they don't encourage kids,\" he added. On the perception that studies suffer because of sports, Sukhvir said, \"I don't think it is true that you can only do one of the two. In the west many sportspersons are professionals in other fields.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17319976", "title": "Proud moments at SHIATS convocation", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Sam Higginbottom Institute of Agriculture, Technology &amp; Sciences, Formerly Allahabad Agricultural Institute, Deemed-to-be-University on Wednesday organised its 8th Convocation. Prof Brady J. Deaton, Chancellor &amp; CEO, University of Missouri, Columbia, USA was the chief guest while SHIATS Chancellor Dr J A Oliver presided over the function. Programme commenced with reading from scriptures and prayer following which Dr Oliver declared the opening of 8th convocation proceedings. Registrar Prof (Dr) AKA Lawrence welcomed the chief guest.Prof (Dr) Sarita Sheikh dean Ethelind School of Home Science presented the vice-chancellor's report followed by the memento presentation to the chief guest and his wife by SHIATS vice-chancellor Prof (Dr) Rajendra B Lal. Presidential address was delivered by Dr Oliver, who said SHIATS was an expression of God's love to people to increase food production and cattle rearing to element hunger and poverty, adding, \"We must explore talent and skills in our profession to generate sustainable agricultural prosperity of our country.\" Addressing the convocational address, the chief guest expressed his gratitude for historical relationship between SHIATS and University of Missouri to promote green technology around the world and he also emphasised to attend educational excellency for contributing towards our countries prosperity with global reorganisation.Prof Lal gave away the degrees to students while chief guest distributed medals to merit holders. Addressing the gathering, Prof Lal said during its centenary journey SHIATS had adopted strategies for green revolution and to make our country self-sustainable in the field of agriculture and allied disciplines through dissemination of our students, knowledge and professional dedication. During the ceremony, 2,653 degrees including for doctorate (37), postgraduate (1,117) undergraduate (1465) courses and 54 diplomas were distributed to students. A total of 121 medals were given to meritorious students including 98 gold and 23 silver.During the function, Prof Lal distributed degree of Doctorate of Philosophy (Honoris Causa) in social science to Prof Brady J Deaton, Most Rev Joseph Marthoma, Most Rev Isadore Fernandes, Major Jaswant Kumar Michael, Ghulam Ahmad Bhatt and Marri Shasidhar Reddy. Prof Lal also gave degree of doctorate in science to Prof Katesh V Katti and degree of Doctorate of Philosophy (Honoris Causa) in Theology to Bro P C Varghese.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319404", "title": "Catherine Zeta-Jones wants to work with husband in play", "text": "Actress Catherine Zeta-Jones wants to work with husband Michael Doughlas in stage production \"Who's Afraid Of Virginia Woolf ?\"Zeta-Jones, married to Doughlas for the past 12 years, plans on doing the play currently being played in Broadway.\"Michael and I often talk about doing 'Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?' onstage. Wouldn't that be great? Really ragging on each other. Loud. Rip each other apart,\" InStyle magazine quoted her as saying.The actress feels no one wants to see the couple romance on stage.\"No one wants to see us in something romantic. That would be corny. But to see us in something vicious? Something ugly? Definitely,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17317873", "title": "Bonsai-The art of loving trees", "text": "VADODARA: While there are several claims doing the rounds on the exact origin of bonsai, the credit for popularizing the art in India is often given to a Gujarati couple, who have 30-year-old association with it.Popularly known as the 'Bonsai couple', Mumbai-based Nikunj and Jyoti Parekh, who belong to Surat and Petlad respectively, first learnt about the art in early 70s through a woman friend from USA. But, it was their association with the Indo-Japanese Association, which took them, and the bonsai art, places in India as well as abroad. Today, the couple, which has more than 1000 Bonsai trees in their collection on the terrace of their Mumbai house and a farmhouse nearby, besides numerous national and international awards and recognitions in this field, spend their time travelling across India holding workshops and addressing 20 chapters of the Bonsai Study Group of the Indo-Japanese Association.Talking to TOI in Vadodara where they are organizing the All India Bonsai Convention and Exhibition in collaboration with the Banyan Bonsai Club, Vadodara, the couple revealed their passionate association with the art and its qualities in improving human lives.\"Jyoti got into bonsai first when she was taking cookery classes and met this lady from USA. For me, the textile mills strike of Mumbai proved to be a boon in hindsight, though it wiped out the textiles industry at that time,\" says 72-year old, Nikunj, a former textile processing expert, who chose greenery over plastic when it was time to change profession. Their botany background - both studied Botany at K C College, Mumbai - also helped, and then, there was no looking back.From encouraging pot makers to make ceramic pots, to getting drills for making holes in the pots, to urging nurseries for growing suitable plants for bonsai, travelling to Japan and other Asian countries to meet masters and learn their bonsai skills, and to set up the bonsai study group of the Indo-Japanese Association, the husband-wife team has literally helped lay the bonsai's foundation in India from scratch, at a time, when the existing bonsai lovers were extremely cagey about sharing their secrets of bonsai cultivation.\"Sharing is a pleasure. Bonsai also brings nature close to us especially the urban dwellers who don't have spaces for gardens,\" says 67-year-old Jyoti, touching a bonsai at display with tender care. Her 'Tropical Bonsai' was the first book on this art in India back in 1977.The couple has co-authored 'Wonderful World of Tropical Bonsai' and \"Wonderful World of Bonsai and Saikei' which are the reference books for Botany students. They have also introduced many new Bonsai varieties suitable for the tropics for Indian Bonsai enthusiasts. Nikunj also edits Nichin Bonsai, a quarterly magazine since 1985, and has been the director of 'World Bonsai Friendship Federation as well as Bonsai Club International. They have given demonstration and earned awards in USA, Italy, East Africa and China among other honours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17316042", "title": "Manohar Parrikar opens Dindi mahotsav", "text": "Chief minister Manohar Parrikar inaugurated the seven-day long Dindi mahotsav at Hari mandir by lighting the traditional lamp. Addressing the gathering to declare the celebrations open, Parrikar indicated that he would not rest until he achieved his goal of \"welfare of the public\". \"While this dindi begins from today, there's another dindi (march) that is underway. And this dindi will not conclude until it reaches its goal of public welfare (lok kalyan),\" Parrikar said.CME programme in cardiology: A continuing medical education (CME) programme in cardiology was recently organized at a starred hotel in Dona Paula by the Goa America Heart Foundation and the trustees of Menezes Polyclinic. The faculty, Dr Yash Lokhandwala, consultant cardiologist, Holy Family Hospital, Mumbai, spoke on the ECG in acute cardiac ischemia, the basis for the ECG changes in different leads, the progression of infarct and the ECG changes and the relevance of ECG in the diagnosis of myocardial infarct. Dr Praful Kerkar - professor and head of cardiology department at KEM Hospital and Seth G S Medical College in Mumbai, spoke on pharmaco-invasive therapy in myocardial infarction; Dr Alpa Bharati - consultant cardiac radiologist at Lokmanya Tilak Memorial Medical College, Mumbai, spoke on the evaluation of the coronary artery disease by CT scan and MRI; while Dr Daniel Neville Mascarenhas - clinical professor of medicine, Drexel University School of Medicine, Philadelphia-USA, presented two clinical cases of anti-phospholipid antibody syndrome and the reperfusion of coronary artery stent. Dr R V Darne - honorary consultant cardiologist at Cooper Hospital, Mumbai, and Dr R G Wiseman Pinto - professor and head of pathology department, Goa Medical College, chaired the scientific session. Pinto welcomed, Cesar Menezes, chairman and managing trustee of Cosme Mathias Menezes Memorial Trust, spoke about the activities and facilities of the Menezes Polyclinic, Ralph De Souza, chairman of the Goa America Heart Foundation spoke about its activities, Rashmi Menezes, director - Wallace Pharma Group, presented the mementoes to the faculty and chairperson, while Dr Prakash Nadkarni, director - Menezes Polyclinic, proposed a vote of thanks.POWER SHUTDOWNSiolim (Nov 22): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are Dando, Guddem, Tarchi Bhat, Portavaddo, Igrez Vaddo and vicinity.Mandrem (Nov 23): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are Junsaswada, Girkarwada, Dando, Kepem and vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320251", "title": "Jennifer Lawrence's mum 'stole' her Oscar ballot", "text": "Jennifer Lawrence has revealed that she feared she would be booted out of the Academy of Motion Pictures, Arts and Sciences - the Hollywood group responsible for deciding who wins the industry's top honours - after her mum stole her Oscar ballot as a joke.The 22-year-old 'The Hunger Games' star though that she would be unceremoniously dumped from the prestigious role on the Academy's board.Recounting the story on The Ellen DeGeneres show, the actress revealed how much fun her mother, Karen, is having with her new found fame.\"Oh, she's very happy, she has more fun than I do,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.\"Recently, I've just gotten into the Academy, which is really exciting for me, that's exciting for any actor.\"And I get a call from my mother while I was in England and she goes, \"I did something hilarious\". And I'm thinking \"What?\"\"And she's like, \"I voted.\" And I was like, \"You voted for what?\" \"The Oscars.\"\"And I was like, \"You voted for the Oscars what do you mean?\" And she goes \"The ballot came here and I voted!\"\"Because she thought I'd be like \"That's hilarious.\"\"Fortunately, she did it wrong and mailed it back to herself, so I have got to do it again.\"I'm going to get kicked out of the Academy,\" she said.Luckily the vote didn't go through, not just because it threatened to affect her spot within the Academy, but because the mother-daughter duo doesn't share each other's taste in films.When asked if she agreed with how her mom voted, Jennifer was quick to respond \"No. No I didn't.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17315961", "title": "Film Bazaar sees growing participation", "text": "PANAJI: The Film bazaar, the marketing platform being set up by the national film development corporation (NFDC) annually as part of the International film Festival of India (Iffi), has seen a significant growth in participation this year.\"In the co-production market, we will have 120 entries this time, as against around 60 entries last year. Last year we had 635 delegates from 40 countries registered. But this year the numbers will be much more, even though our focus is more on quality rather than the numbers,\" says Nina Lath Gupta, its managing director.The market has now expanded to include cinema of South Asia , and endorses independent and art-house cinema from across the region,Film distributors, festival organizers and promoters from across the world are now coming in large numbers to the bazaar, realizing the good business opportunities they have here, Gupta told TOI .The international partners for the Film bazaar this year include the Polish film institute, Australian government, Screen Australia, Busan international film festival, and Asian project market. The key buyers who are part of it include Fortissimo, The Match factory, Rapid eye and Wild bunch.The NFDC has also been able to identify and nurture new film talent in different parts of the country. The opportunities they have to market their films in the international circuits have boosted their confidence, says Gupta.The NFDC has launched a programme to train budding film-makers on divergent aspects like content development and even on the film financing avenues available globally, she said. International mentors will work on five Indian screenplays in this edition of the film bazaar, and another five filmmakers will get opportunities to sharpen their rough cut during the four-day event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17316725", "title": "Shashi Panja second-time unlucky", "text": "KOLKATA: Ajit Panja's daughter-in-law Shashi Panja, long considered certain for a ministerial berth, has missed the bus yet again.Panja had received a call from the chief minister's office (CMO) on Tuesday to be present at the swearing-in at Raj Bhavan the following afternoon. But later in the evening, she got another call from the CMO, saying her name had been dropped from the list. The reason: chief minister Mamata Banerjee had to placate a furious Rabindranath Bhattacharya, the Singur MLA, whom she had originally contemplated dropping from her Cabinet.It was clear that Panja was upset - she refused to meet visitors on Wednesday. It's the second time she made the cut but was axed at the last minute due to \"unavoidable circumstances\".Panja's name as a minister in the Mamata cabinet has been doing the rounds from the very beginning - ever since she made a mark in the Kolkata Municipal Corporation ( KMC). Eyebrows were raised when Mamata did not include her in the 43-member Cabinet in May 2011.Panja was seen visiting the chief minister towards the end of last year and was shortlisted to be inducted in the January cabinet rejig. The chief minister holds the demanding portfolio and wanted to share the burden, considering the crib deaths in hospitals that were making grim headlines almost every day at the time. Panja, a doctor, would have been the ideal MoS health. But when the time came, Panja apparently couldn't be reached on the phone as she was away in North Bengal. So, Chandrima Bhattacharya was made minister of state for health.Panja was again considered for the post in Wednesday's reshuffle. But this time also, her name was struck off at the Eleventh hour because agriculture minister Rabindranath Bhattacharya walked into the CM's chamber to ask why he was being dropped. Mamata seems to have changed her mind after the meeting as she didn't want to be seen as getting rid of an \"honest schoolteacher\" from Singur ahead of the panchayat polls. So she retained him and Panja was made the sacrificial goat again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320157", "title": "Films don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t hold much importance: Annie Gill", "text": "Sony Entertainment Television's upcoming show Anamika is set to launch soon. This supernatural love story featuring Muddit Nayyar and Annie Gill will grip audiences with its unusual twist.In the show, Annie play's Muddit's love interest (Rano) who can sense someone's presence hovering around the two all the time. Call it a woman's intuition or the presence of something unnatural, Annie's character can sense something's not right. Says the actress, \"Rano can sense different things in different ways which Jeet (Muddit) cannot. But the best thing about this show is that everyone loves everyone. There is no back biting. Both the characters are not in contrast and are very similar. That's unusual in most love stories. Both of us on the show are superb and fun loving! Moreover, we have a level of chemistry that is beyond understanding\".So how did Annie get selected for this role? \"I was called for an audition and I guess they had seen my previous work. The producers liked me so I was selected\".Annie Gill has also done two reality shows prior to Anamika-Zor Ka Jhatk a and Khatron Ke Khiladi. But work is what matters most to her irrespective of the medium or genre. \"I am an actress. For me films or reality don't hold much importance because at the end of the day, what matters is the work I do. If you do good work and if destiny supports you, then you can reach anywhere'.To get into character, both Muddit and Annie underwent a workshop to make their characters believable. Adds Annie, \"There was no outdoor shooting for this show. We had a 10-15 day workshop and we used to see how expressions would come out and who needed to work more. It worked well and I believe that when you are close to your character and love it, it comes easily. Then you can perform.\"Adds Muddit, \"It's basically a love story, a beautiful family drama\".Anamika starts on 26th November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17319338", "title": "Young voices and classical tunes", "text": "LUDHIANA: Promoting Indian classical music among the present generation, Satyug Darshan Kala Kendra, Jalandhar, organized a musical competition in the city on Wednesday. Students from around 80 schools all over Ludhiana were invited for the two-day contest at Nehru Siddhant Kedra, Pakhowal Road.This is the sixth inter-district music competition organized by the society. The competitions would also be held at Ludhiana, Amritsar and Jalandhar.While the first day witnessed events including vocals for junior and senior groups, the second day would mark the dance performances in categories like classical solo, semi-classical solo, folk and devotional groups. The judges for the day were principal of Satyug Kala Kendra Dr Ranjana Saxena and singer Subhash Duggal and the member of the society Anil Bharti.The programme started after lighting of the lamp by chief guest, mayor Harcharan Singh Golwadia. Highlighting the significance of the day, anchor Naveen Nangia said, \"Such competitions bring the present generation closer to classical music.\"In junior vocal solo classical category, Madahav of SKSK Educational Institute was first and Mamta of Ramgarhia Girls School was second. In the senior category, Shruti of Ramgarhia Girls School got constellation. In the shabad competition, Kamal Nayan of GGN School was first, Paramjit Kaur of RS Model School was second and Amrita of Ramgarhia Girls School came third. In junior shabad category, Parneet Kaur of SKSK Educational Institute was first, Prabhleen Kaur of GGN School came second and Anamika of Ramgarhia stood third.In the group song competition, Police DAV came first, SKSK Educational Institute came second and Ramgarhia Girls School was third.In senior category, constellation went to Ramgarhia Girls School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17320593", "title": "AIISH lines up contests for Open Day on Nov 23", "text": "MYSORE: All-India Institute of Speech and Hearing (AIISH) will conduct Open Day at the department of clinical services between 9.30am and 5pm on November 23. With Open Day, the institute aims at educating and exposing the young minds to issues related to disability. Children will be made to understand the needs of persons with communication disorders.Public can walk in and obtain information about the facilities and the activities of the institute. They will be educated on hearing mechanism, speech production, prevention and management of communication disorders and vocal hygiene. Public can also get themselves evaluated for speech, hearing, reading and writing impairments. Following competitions will be organized for school and college students, teachers and the public: drawing (on noise pollution), crossword puzzle (words related to speech and hearing in Kannada and English), slogan writing (prevention of hearing loss), and elocution (life of children with communication disorders). Call 9739050173.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17315173", "title": "HC raps EOW for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dckid glove\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 attitude", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Wednesday lambasted the police, saying they are using \"kid gloves'' to deal with the main accused in the City Limouzine scam. The court also remarked that \"such a serious offence\" has been taken lightly.A division bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and Mridula Bhatkar was miffed that the police, especially the economic offences wing (EOW), had not moved to cancel the bail of the firm's MD, who has been absconding since January. \"What was your (EOW) officer doing? You are using kid gloves for the main accused,\" said Justice Khanwilkar.The judges also questioned why all cases could not be investigated by a nodal agency. Public prosecutor Revati Mohite-Dere replied that the chargesheet has been filed on different complaints lodged at various police stations. \"That is the problem in the absence of a nodal agency. And just because chargesheet has been filed, does not mean your job has ended. You have to be vigilant,'' said Justice Khanwilkar. The judges have asked the state to take action against the EOW officer for his \"casual approach against the main offender''. The judges have directed the regional Addl CP to submit a report at the next hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "17317885", "title": "Lankan court postpones fishers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 case yet again", "text": "RAMESWARAM: The wait at Thangachimadam, a coastal hamlet near Rameswaram, for the return of five of its residents who have been in Sri Lankan jails for over a year continues.The fishermen's case came up for hearing in a Colombo court on Tuesday, but the judge postponed the hearing to January 16, 2013. It will be another 56 days in judicial custody before the five fishermen, who are facing drug pedalling charges, can hope for a reprieve from the court.Emerson, Agustus, Wilson, Langlet, and Prasad had sailed from Rameswaram on November 28, 2011 and were picked up the same day by Sri Lankan Navy near Neduntheevu islet. The navy detained them after accusing them of trading in drugs. Though local investigation agencies cleared the fishermen of the allegation, the court has yet to hear their case. They have been in jail for over a year and their case has been adjourned 28 times.Back home, families of these men are in dire straits with breadwinners languishing in a jail on what seems a trumped up charge. Pleas by fishermen associations and family members have failed to draw the attention of New Delhi and Colombo to the plight of these men. Earlier in August, family members of the fishermen including their wives had held a relay fast in Thangachimadam seeking government intervention.U Arulanandam of Alliance for Release of Innocent Fishermen (ARIF) who travelled to Colombo to attend the court proceedings told TOI over phone that the fishermen were given translations of the chargesheets on Tuesday before the court adjourned the hearing. He said the fishermen were in a traumatic state when he met them in prison. \"They are healthy physically but very much frustrated as there seems to be no end in sight to their plight. They are depressed because they believe they are held despite not being guilty of the charges levelled against them,\" said Arulanandam.\"We don't know how to take this news and we are waiting for Arulanandam to return so that we can at least know about the health of our relatives,\" said P Gladwin, brother of Emerson. \"We will decide how to express our protest and we may call a demonstration and strike work on November 28,\" said B Jesuraja, district secretary, Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boats Fishermen Association.Official sources at the state fisheries department said the state government is fully convinced that the five fishermen were innocent and was rendering fullest support to them. The state government has sanctioned Rs 2 lakh to Alliance for Release of Innocent Fishermen to fight the legal battle in Sri Lanka .\"Sustenance amount of Rs 7,500 per month has been provided to these families with the state government relaxing the regular norms of providing this aid only to the families of fishermen missing in sea or arrested on trespassing charges,\" a senior official said. The state government is also closely following this issue with Centre, a senior official at the department said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17315511", "title": "Kasab hanging a secret, like 9 aides\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 burial", "text": "MUMBAI: The hanging of Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab on Wednesday was yet another secret security operation in response to the November 26, 2008, terror attacks.Kasab was quietly shifted to Pune in the wee hours of Tuesday even as the entire security setup at Arthur Road Jail was kept intact. As a result, no one suspected that he had been moved.In January 2010, the anti-terrorism squad led by Rakesh Maria quietly buried the bodies of the nine terrorists, close aides of Kasab who executed the 26/11 attacks, somewhere near Thane. The terrorists, all Pakistani nationals, had been killed by security forces.All the nine bodies were kept in the J J Hospital morgue. A company of the state reserve police force had been deployed there. On several occasions, scribes had asked home minister R R Patil about the status of the bodies, whether they had been identified and would they be handed over to Pakistan. All along, Patil maintained the bodies had not been identified and there was no response from Pakistan. In fact, the ministry of external affairs had taken up the issue with its Pakistani counterpart. There was no communication from Pakistan, though.Unexpectedly, in the first week of January 2010, Patil said that since there had been no claim, the nine bodies had been buried at an undisclosed destination. \"Patil's strategy worked. The media was not able to find the location,'' a senior doctor told TOI.The bodies were quietly shifted in the wee hours.The anti-terrorism squad ensured that there was no change in the security setup as well as the doctors' visiting hours. \"Since all was as usual, no one suspected that the bodies had been removed,'' the doctor further said.Other than Maria, two senior officers were in the know of the burial plan, for which a dozen private labourers had been brought in from outside the city.\"These labourers were kept in the dark about the task ahead,'' a senior IPS officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17314731", "title": "Sports ministry seeks meeting with IOC", "text": "BANGALORE: Responding to letters from the International Olympic Committee (IOC) asking the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) to dump the sports code in the conduct of its elections, the sports ministry wrote to the IOC on Wednesday seeking a meeting in India to sort out the issues, and if possible, to hold the elections after that.\"The issue is less about sports code and more about the failure of the IOA to adhere to principles of good governance and its failure to amends its constitution to bring it in line with the Olympic charter,\" sports secretary Pradeep K Deb said on Wednesday in a letter addressed to IOC president Jacques Rogge .\"The discussions held in Lausanne on June 18, 2010 were followed by IOC's assurance (vide letter dated Aug 10, 2010) that IOA will comply with the commitments it made during the meeting. But the IOA did not fulfil its commitments and did not amend its constitution in accordance with even the draft vetted by IOC. It is the failure of IOA to bring any provisions which ensures transparency and good governance that has led to the conflict with the courts in India,\" Deb added.The secretary wrote that the government would be happy to discuss issues of good governance and a fair election process with IOC. \"If you agree to such a meeting, could we request that the elections to IOA be held only after an attempt is made to sort out the issues mutually,\" he said.Deb also clarified that the government has no intention to interfere in the functioning of IOA.\"All that sports code seeks to achieve is to ensure that the elections of the IOA and other sports bodies are fair, transparent and in consonance with the Olympic charter,\" the official said.IOC yet to clear code?Despite the best efforts of the sports ministry, the IOC is seemingly unwilling to accept the sports code till a consensus is arrived between the ministry and the sports bodies. Letters from top IOC official Pere Miro point in that direction. The NOC relations director has been the recipient of all communication pertaining to the code since 2010 and is in complete knowledge about the whole matter.In a letter to the then joint secretary Injeti Srinivas on May 10, 2010, Miro said: \"Our point is that such measures (age and tenure limits) must not be decided or imposed by law or an external body's decision, but must be decided freely and democratically by the competent organs of those organizations on a case-by- case basis and this must be reflected in their constitutions.\"The ministry official then sent the complete dossier before travelling to Lausanne in June and returned with an assurance from IOC that IOA will amend its constitution but nothing changed. In fact, Srinivas shot off another letter on January 31, 2011 reminding IOC about the 2009 Olympic Congress in Copenhagen and conveying that sports code will prevail in the country.\"We would like to remind you that as per the recommendations of the Olympic Congress that each National Olympic Committee is required to be fully compliant with the laws of the land. Since the government guidelines are being heard by High Court which refused to stay the guidelines, they automatically become legally binding and enforceable,\" Srinivas had said in his letter to Miro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17316970", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcDinner with Friends\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 unravels marital mysteries", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an effort to raise funds for various projects and activities, People for Animals (PFA) Chandigarh, brought the Pulitzer award winning play \"Dinner with Friends\", written by Donald Margulies and directed by Feroz Khan, at the Tagore Theatre on Wednesday.The play portrays many complexities revolving around a marriage through the story of two married couples who are friends with each other.The couples are seen at different ages and stages of their lives as the play progresses. The breaking-up of one couple's marriage casts its shadows on the other's, who first feel compelled to choose sides, and then begin to question the strength of their own seemingly tranquil marriage.The characters have been essayed by Tisca Chopra, Joy Sengupta, Perizaad Zorabian and Vinay Jain.Some of the past fundraisers of PFA Chandigarh include a centenary exhibition of Raja Ravi Verma's oleographs, works of Manu Parekh and designer candles made by Dimple Kapadia.In 2007, they had organized an exhibition of British India Lithographs which dated back to the 1700s. In 2008, the PFA had come up with a first of its kind exhibition-cum-sale of Hindi cinema posters of movies ranging from that of Raj Kapoor's to those of Shahrukh Khan's, at the Government Arts Gallery.PFA had also put up performances of Neelam Man Singh's last three productions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d \"The Suit\", \"Little Eyolf\" and \"A Wife's Letter\". PFA Chandigarh has also presented two previous productions of Feroz Khan, \"Saalgirah\" in 1995 and \"Mahatma Vs Gandhi\" in 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17318959", "title": "Narendra Modi to arrive in Delhi to finalize candidates", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi will be here Thursday to finalize candidates for the first phase of the assembly elections in the state.\"Modi will arrive in the capital on a flight from Ahmedabad between 3pm and 4pm. Thursday afternoon,\" said an official of the Gujarat Bhavan.Modi will be attending a meeting of the Central Election Committee (CEC) of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).The filing of nominations has already begun following the notification by the Election Commission Nov 17. Elections in the state are being held over two phases on Dec 13 and 17. The votes will be counted Dec 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315689", "title": "Ajmal Kasab denied final appeal?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thanks to the hush-hush manner in which he was executed on Wednesday shortly after the rejection of his mercy petition, Ajmal Kasab had been denied his right to challenge the President's decision. Whatever the justification on security considerations, this deviation from the rule of law has opened India to the charges of discriminating against the Pakistani national.It was on account of this right that the execution of other high-profile convicts has been stayed by courts for various reasons even after the President had rejected their mercy petitions.On August 30, 2011, 10 days before they were due to hang, the Madras high court gave a reprieve to three persons awarded capital punishment in the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case, Santhan, Murugan and Pararivalan. This was after President Pratibha Patil had dismissed their clemency pleas.The following month, the Supreme Court intervened in the case of Devinder Pal Singh Bhullar who had been sentenced to death for a 1993 terror attack in Delhi. The apex court entertained his wife's petition although Patil had rejected Bhullar's mercy plea in May 2011.A death row convict from Assam , Mahendra Nath Das, is alive even after the Gauhati high court dismissed his mother's petition in September 2011 against the rejection of his mercy petition by Patil. The Supreme Court's subsequent intervention has forced the authorities to put off his hanging.The trend of death row convicts obtaining judicial relief despite the exhaustion of the clemency option is however not of recent origin. This is evident from the case of Dhananjoy Chatterjee, who was hanged way back in 2004 and was in fact the last to have been executed in India before Kasab. He was sent to the gallows only after the Calcutta high court had rejected his appeal against President Abdul Kalam's decision on his mercy plea.The law subjecting the President's exercise of his mercy jurisdiction to judicial review was laid down by the Supreme Court in 1988 at the instance of Kehar Singh, who had been sentenced to death in the Indira Gandhi assassination case.Another major ground on which human rights defenders have assailed Kasab's execution is that he had not been provided access to legal assistance in the drafting of his mercy petition. Instead, a one-line mercy petition was sent on his behalf by jail authorities in September. This was despite a letter from advocate Yug Chaudhry to the Maharashtra government and the National Human Rights Commission requesting them to ensure that Kasab was provided the services of a lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319742", "title": "Impressions from the Middle East", "text": "After being held in the US, Categorical Imperatives arrives in Mumbai to provide a peek into the lives and issues of the zone more known for political conflicts.The East and the West is a world apart, with differences too many. In fact, some sections even disapprove of the other side's social, economic political and religious setting. This is exactly were perceptions wheeled by propaganda come into play, according to Anni Venalainen, co-curator of 'Categorical Imperatives', a video-graphic exhibition of the works of nine artists from the Middle East.Venalainen, in her essay on the show, writes, \"Middle East has been a playground for international powers for centuries. We already know how deeply traumatized people are with the situation. Unless it is solved, newer generations will inherit and renew the conflict. But the Middle East is also many other things. This collection of video works gives the audience an idea of the variety of approaches and the different points of view to the contemporary life in this region.\"Though the works deal with issues predominant in the Middle East, some of which have serious implications, they are perfectly packaged with perky music and creative presentation. The idea is clearly to reach out to as many and dispel media-generated myths about the region and paint a picture palatable without prejudice to those on the other side. In fact, the key chord the works try to strike is to establish a connection of empathy.Drawing the most prominent similarity could be Egyptian artist Ayman Ramadan's work Iftar. He's taken Leonardo Da Vinci's Last Supper as a reference to establish a connection of faiths. By using Da Vinci's work, Ramadan shows the common history of East and West and how the roots of our cultural and religious heritages are mixed and equally bound together. \"This way the mysterious \"other\" is brought closer,\" says Venalainen.Taking the food theme forward, Khaled Ramadan's Hysterma moves on to reflect on conflictsIn this video, filmmaker Raed Yassin is shown sitting by a table and eating a falafel sandwich on a street in Cairo, as people and cars go by. This work refers to Andy Warhol's video where we see the artist sitting by a table with the American flag, eating a hamburger and then announcing that he just did what we saw him doing. In the same manner Raed Yassin states in Arabic that he just finished a falafel. When he says this, he claims the falafel to be his cultural heritage. \"The culture of food can also be a means of colonization like we see what is happening with big burger companies spreading around the world. However, for this part of the world, the issue, however silly, of who invented the falafel between Israelis and Arabs is part of the larger conflict in the Middle East and different players involved,\" reflects Venalainen.Jordanian Dalia Al-Kury's work Caution! Comment Ahead takes on the power relations between men and women. In her documentary work, she investigates why there are so many men ready to verbally harass women on the streets, a phenomenon known to every nation whether in the East or the West. Traveling on the roads of Amman, she is trying to find out what is going on in the men's heads.Whether using a collection of personal pictures or a cockroach as an alter ego , the artists' works at Categorical Imperatives' want to clearly provide a platform for opinions about their region with no strings attached and they do succeed to a certain extend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "amritsar/jalandhar", "code": "17316599", "title": "All India Anti-Terrorist Front celebrates Kasab's hanging", "text": "AMRITSAR/JALANDHAR: Activists of All India Anti-Terrorist Front celebrated the execution of Pakistani terrorists Ajmal Kasab by cracking fires at their office on Wednesday.Speaking on the occasion general secretary of the front Mohinder Singh Sidhu said, \"The justice was long awaited, Kasab's hanging has served as balm on the wounds of victims of Mumbai terror attack\". He opined out that it would have been much better if Kasab was hanged earlier while adding that Kasab's hanging had sent a strong message to the perpetrators of crime that they couldn't unleash violence in India and go scot-free.Reacting to the of Kasab, BJP MP from Amritsar Navjot Singh Sidhu said, \"Justice given but delayed, Kasab's hanging will prove to be a deterrent and send out a message that nobody can destroy India with gun\". While appreciating the hanging of Kasab, All India Sikh Students Federation president Karnail Singh Permohammad criticised the Congress and the Central government for not taking any action against the perpetrators of anti-Sikh riots in 1984.Following Kasab's hanging, the NRI Sikh community has demanded punishment to the culprits of November 1984 Sikh riots. \"Justice has been done for the attack on innocents in Mumbai as Kasab has been rightly hanged. But what about Indian Kasabs and why should government of India not bring the culprits of massacre of Sikhs to justice,\" asked North American Punjabi Association president Satnam Singh Chahal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17317828", "title": "Former mayors likely to face off, 2 Gujarat Parivartan Party leaders in fray too", "text": "SURAT: Not wanting to show its cards till opposition candidates are announced, the declaration for BJP's official candidates is likely to be made only by Thursday evening.However, this has only exacerbated fears of an imported candidate, like present cabinet minister in the Modi government, Anandiben Patel, being fielded from one of the two safest seats for the BJP in the city - Surat West and Majura.Fears are also expressed that, with Congress going for a high profile minority candidate like Kadir Pirzada, sitting MLA and minister Ranjit Gilitwala may have to make way for a known personality like noted film music composer Ismail Darbar.Official sources in the city BJP said, \"The list will be finalized by Thursday evening and announced.\"A source in the party said, \"As we are looking at three-cornered contests seats considered relatively safe till now, last minute changes are not ruled out before the final announcement of candidates.\"With Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) too likely to announce candidates by Thursday, it has become clear that a high profile fight is on the cards in seats like Surat North, Surat East and Varachha.As BJP's likely candidate is former mayor Ajay Choksi for Surat North and GPP is also likely to field its general secretary and former mayor Fakir Chauhan a contest is brewing between one-time colleagues and two former mayors.If BJP repeats Ranjit Gilitwala for Surat East, then another fight between former mayors will play out. Gilitwala and Pirzada have both been mayors of the city.Here, the sympathy factor for the late Kashiram Rana will decide the fate as Dipak Rana, Kashiram's son is likely to be the GPP candidate.GPP is likely to field former deputy mayor Dr Jaya Amipara from Varachha. Her fight with Dhiru Gajera of the Congress and the BJP candidate, which could be Asmita Shiroya will decide who holds sway in the diamond barons' den.A source within BJP said, \"The official announcement will be done at the last moment for two reasons. To prevent dejected partymen from crossing over to GPP, and also to make last minute calculations after knowing the opponents.\" However he ruled out filing more than one form per constituency and said, \"Our list will be late but decisive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17316887", "title": "BSF officer, businessman arrested on graft charge", "text": "CHANDIGARH: CBI sleuths of the Chandigarh branch arrested a 40-year-old deputy financial advisor (DFA) with the Border Security Force (BSF), Charu Narang Thakur and a Ludhiana-based businessman, Sandeep Mehra, on graft charges at the BSF office near Landran in Mohali on Wednesday. The money being exchanged allegedly amounted to Rs 1.8 lakh.DFA Charu Narang was accepting the bribe offered by Sandeep Mehra to clear a Rs 25 lakh tender. This is the first time the CBI has arrested two people for seeking and offering a bribe together. Charu Narang is a 1998 batch Indian Post &amp; Telecommunication Accounts &amp; Finance (IP&TA;&FS;) officer attached with the BSF since January, 2011. Sandeep Mehra has a contract of supplying cloth to BSF jawans in different areas.CBI sleuths also recovered around Rs 1 lakh and other valuables and documents from Thakur's house in Sector 35 and Mehra's house in Ludhiana.DIG (CBI) Mahesh Aggarwal said a case has been registered under various sections of the Prevention of Corruption (PC) Act, 1988 and criminal conspiracy. The accused will be produced in the special CBI court at Patiala on Thursday. He said they were trying to ascertain whether Thakur had anything to do with Mehra's BSF contract. The DFA with the BSF is a newly created post, which Charu Thakur was the first to occupy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17315279", "title": "Residents of Arthur Road now hope to breathe easy", "text": "MUMBAI: Residents of Arthur Road hope to breathe easy following the execution of Ajmal Kasab, the most high-profile prisoner to be held in the jail located in their neighbourhood.For four years, residents and shopkeepers of J R Boricha Marg had been living life behind a barricade. While stepping out, each of them had to carry the special identity card that worked almost like a passport at the entrance of the lane. Property rates plummeted, construction of new buildings was stalled, business was down by half and no traffic was allowed on the road that was once a busy thoroughfare.\"Take away economic activity from any area and people will be unhappy. Vehicles have been banned and pedestrian movement is restricted in this lane as well. My jewellery business has been halved because people take a detour via N M Joshi Marg. All I hope is that normality returns to the area in the near future,\" said goldsmith Ashwin Soni. \"Some years ago, locals filed a PIL after which judge Tahaliyani visited the slum to survey life on the other side of the barricade.\"Shutters of several shops are closed as the owners have moved to greener pastures. The local tea stall is gone as well. Dr Ramesh Gupta, who runs a clinic near the dhobi ghat, says there have been times when patients have been stranded during medical emergencies.Once, locals came to blows with policemen guarding the lane as they rushed to the aid of 17-year-old Anita Nagula following a stove explosion five months ago. The girl later died. \"We had to carry her in a bedsheet through the length of the lane before hailing a taxi outside the jail,\" said her grandmother Lakshmibai, haunted by the thought that the delay might have caused the girl to lose her life.SRA projects are under litigation as the jail authorities do not want building windows to overlook the jail yard. Besides, outsiders are reluctant to invest in the free sale component.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17320455", "title": "Malpe fishermen to begin their strike today", "text": "MANGALORE: Fishermen of Malpe will abstain from work on Thursday demanding strict implementation of the Karnataka Marine Fishing (Regulation) Act, 1986 and a ban on illegal catching of cuttlefish (Kappe Bondas) by their counterparts from Tamil Nadu off Karnataka coasts. Malpe Fishermen Association's secretary Vasudev Salian said that the state government is not initiating any action against TN fishermen who fish within 12 nautical miles of the state coasts which is banned. \"Fishermen from Tamil Nadu intrude into the banned area and catch cuttlefish and destroy fish breeds by catching squids. We have failed to convince them,\" he added. Even though Udupi and Dakshina Kannada district administrations had banned fishing in within the 12 nautical miles and the state government had issued a notification against unscientific catching of cuttlefish, deep sea trawlers continue their activities off Mangalore and Goa coasts, he said. \"Nearly 1,200 fishing boats are anchored in Malpe port which has a capacity of only 400 boats. Fishing boats from Tamil Nadu continue their activities during the 57-day trawling ban in monsoon too,\" he alleged. \"The district administration is not initiating any measure to prevent TN fishermen. We have decided to hold a protest as our requests have fallen on deaf ears. Over 15,000 people are expected to take part in the protest,\" he said adding that a meeting will be held on Friday to decide on the future course of action if the government fails to solve the issue. The association has the support of ice plant owners, fish meal owners, fishermen and fisherwomen, tempo drivers and boat workers. According to National Fishworkers' Forum's secretary Vasudev Boloor cuttlefish is a widely exported variety. \"The breeding period of the fish is between October and November. If excessive fishing is carried out during this period there will be a scarcity later on. The government had issued an order. But it is not insisting that the authorities should take action against the violators,\" he said. BOATS SEIZED Officials of the fisheries department seized two boats, which were engaged in cuttlefish fishing and handed them over to Mangalore city police. The team seized cuttlefish worth Rs 2 lakh from the boats and handed over 25 fishermen to Mangalore south police. The fishermen were released after extracting personal bonds from them. The catch was later auctioned and the amount was remitted to the fisheries department. WHAT IS CUTTLE FISH Cuttlefish, which comes under marine animals of the order Sepiida, belong to the class Cephalopoda. Cuttlefish eat small molluscs, crabs, shrimp, fish, octopuses, worms, and other cuttlefish. 'Cuttle' is a reference to their unique internal shell, the cuttlebone those are molluscs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17317682", "title": "Heist at luxury hotel in Kovai leaves couple short of 10 lakh", "text": "COIMBATORE: City police have launched a massive manhunt to locate two professional jewel thieves who pulled off a daring heist at a luxury hotel in the city and decamped with jewels and ornaments worth at least Rs 10 lakh from one of the rooms, late Tuesday night.Located in Gandhipuram, in the heart of the city, the suspects managed to walk out of the front door of the hotel with their loot, without raising an alarm. Police have focused on two suspects based on the video grab from the security surveillance cameras installed in the hotel building.The complainant, 36-year-old dentist Jyothi Chandramohan, a native of Vadavalli in Coimbatore, residing in the United Kingdom, had checked into the CAG Pride Hotel in Gandhipuram on Tuesday, along with her partner Christopher David, a researcher also from the UK.The couple had hired a private taxi cab to do some shopping in the city. Leaving their purchases in the room, the couple went out for dinner and returned to the hotel around 10.30pm, when they discovered they had been robbed.The duo had come to India on November 12, ahead of Diwali, checking into the Pride Hotel. They went for a short trip to Kerala and Nilgiris and returned to the same hotel on Tuesday morning.\"We have registered a complaint and have identified two suspects based on the video footage. The couple was planning to get married and was in the process of meeting family members. We will release the photographs of the suspects soon,\" said R Gunasekaran, assistant commissioner of police, Coimbatore.The hotel employees have reportedly identified two suspects who were waiting in the hotel lobby on Tuesday evening after the couple returned from their shopping trip. Both suspects were formally dressed and according to hotel staff gave the impression of being part of a corporate delegation.They appeared to be in their late thirties. While one was of normal height and weight the other appeared slightly older with a paunch. They made sure that the guests left the hotel. Soon after, one of them went to the third floor, and posing as a guest, asked the floor supervisor to open the door to Jyothi's room.\"It was carelessness on the part of the hotel staff to open the door without cross checking whether the man was actually occupying the room,\" Gunasekaran added.When Jyothi and Christopher returned to the hotel after their shopping trip, Jyothi's parents were with them. All of them went back to the room. In a short while Jyothi left with her parents to drop them home in Vadavalli. At around 8.45pm, the hotel surveillance cameras have recorded the suspects entering the hotel.It is believed that they went up and knocked the door of room 311 but was surprised to find Christopher inside and they left. When Jyothi returned, the duo left for dinner and the suspects decided to make another attempt.\"Although the room had an electronic locking system and a safe for storing valuables, the occupants failed to lock the room and keep their valuables inside the safe,\" said Subramaniam, inspector (Crime), Race Course police station.It was at this point that one of the suspects summoned the floor supervisor claiming he had lost his key. Room 311 was then opened using the master key and the culprit had a free reign inside the room.The CCTV footage shows him walking down to the lobby carrying a black bag and exiting the building with his accomplice.\"We have handed over the security camera footage to the police and are cooperating with the investigating officers,\" said B Gopi, guest relations manager, CAG Pride, Coimbatore.The modus operandi indicates that the couple might have been followed when they were shopping.The police are also grilling the driver of the tourist cab and the hotel staff to identify if the perpetrators were aided by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17315888", "title": "Nagpur to host national conference on infectious diseases this weekend", "text": "NAGPUR: India has the disrepute of being known for the highest number of infant, newborn and maternal deaths in the world. In 2011, more than 16.8 lakh children below five years died because of infectious diseases, which are preventable. The biggest killers for children were pneumonia, pre-term birth related complications and diarrhoea.Using advanced techniques of treatment, doctors can prevent a majority of these deaths. The city chapter of Indian Academy of Paediatrics (IAP) is conducting a national conference to learn about the most recent advances in presentation, diagnosis and treatment of different infectious diseases in children. The 15th National Conference of Infectious Diseases would be conducted from November 23 to 25.\"It is sad that a majority of deaths among children in our country happen due to diseases or complications that can easily be prevented or even treated. We have also included hands-on workshops on issues like treatment of sepsis in newborn children, management of respiratory infections, malaria , enteritis among many other infections,\" said organizing secretary of the conference Dr Jayant Upadhye.The theme of the conference is viral encephalitis in children. Dr Rohit Agrawal, national president of IAP, senior pediatric neurologist from Mumbai Dr Vrajesh Udani and many of the city's renowned paediatrics like Dr M K Salpekar, Dr D N Agrawal, Dr S W Chorghade, Dr Yashwant Patil, Dr V P Dandge, Dr Satish Deopujari, Dr D S Raut, Dr V S Dani, Dr K Y Vilhekar, Dr Nishikant Kotwal, Dr Anup Radke, Dr Suresh Ninawe, Dr Anil Salpekar and Dr Milind Munshi will participate in the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316282", "title": "Eflu students protest Gaza attacks", "text": "HYDERABAD: A massive protest was conducted in English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu) against Israel's repeated bombing of the Palestinian territory, Gaza Strip.About 500 students of the university participated in a candle light protest march which started in front of the university's library. Students shouted slogans against the human rights violation in Palestinian territory.The protest was attended by many students from Arab countries who were seen waving the Palestinian flag and chanting \"Tonight we are all Gaza\". The march which started at 6pm ended at around 7pm. The students have also started a group called, Eflu for Gaza.The protest was supported by student out fits including, Dalit Adivasi Bahujan Minority Students' Association (Dabmsa), Telangana Students' Association (TSA), Students' Islamic Organisation (SIO), Bahujan Students' Front (BSF) and Muslim Students Front ( MSF).The protesting students said that people from different walks of life should wake up against the human rights violation and stand united in support of the Palestinian cause for liberation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17314600", "title": "Conman held in Dwarka", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 63-year-old man has been arrested by crime branch for cheating several people in Gurgaon in a land fraud. Dhananjayan KG, from Kerala, had been on the run for over three years and was held on charges of duping a person of Rs 3 crore on the pretext of selling him 300 acres of land in Gurgaon.Dhananjayan from Thrissur went missing with the token amount of Rs 3 crore received from a businessman for selling his land worth Rs 750 crore. Sameer Kohli of Kohli Housing &amp; Development Private Limited filed a complaint in December 2009 that he was cheated by 'Dr Dhananjayan KG' who introduced himself as a former MP and office bearer of the 'All India Farmers Association'. \"He posed as the owner of 300 acres of land in Gurgaon and offered to sell the land. He met the complainant in a five star hotel. The complainant agreed to the proposal and on October 28, 2006, paid a token amount of Rs 3 crore,\" SBS Tyagi, DCP, Crime and Railways, said.After receiving the money, Dhananjayan disappeared, additional DCP (Crime) Bhism Singh said. The accused was declared a proclaimed offender last year. Based on a specific input, cops arrested Dhananjayan from Dwarka Sector 12A yesterday. The accused confessed to falsely claiming a PhD in Sociology from Bihar's Magadh University to impress his targets. He duped several persons and the size of the fraud is still unknown, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "17316687", "title": "Hawker eviction for twin road repairs in Hill", "text": "DARJEELING: The Darjeeling Municipality has decided to evict hawkers from the JP Sharma and NB Singh roads, in the heart of the town to facilitate the repairs of the roads. The municipality is repairing 10 roads under its jurisdiction as part of the larger plan to develop the town area to attract tourists to the Hills station.\"We have spoken to the hawkers that put up stalls on the two roads and asked them to allow us to repair the roads. The shop owners have agreed and will start removing their stalls from Thursday,\" said Amar Singh Rai, the chairman of Darjeeling municipality.Unlike the hawkers of the Nehru Road near Chowrastha who were removed and will be rehabilitated elsewhere, stall owners of J P Sharma and N B Singh roads will be brought back after completion of the repair works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "17317240", "title": "Saurav Ghosal, Joshana Chinappa reign supreme", "text": "MUMBAI : In accordance with all expectations, top seeds Saurav Ghosal and Joshana Chinappa emerged supreme in the 37 th Bombay Gymkhana Maharashtra State Open Senior Squash Championship on Wednesday.India No. 1 Ghosal had a tough outing against defending champion and second seed Siddharth Suchde 11-4, 11-9, 13-11 in a Men's Open final that lasted 53 minutes, while Chinappa rallied from the loss of the opening set to prevail over second seed and last year's runner-up Urwashi Joshi of Jindal Squash Academy 6-11, 11-6, 11-3, 11-3 in the women's championship round.Ghosal and Suchde treated the packed gallery to long and aggressive rallies with both giving little away.\"I played a solid first set but Sid raised his level in the second and third sets,\" explained World No.22 Ghosal who has never lost to Suchde. \"But I had to make the right choice of shots and that I think proved crucial. He could have played better. He has a good basic game, while I rely on speed and shot-making.\"Pride of place for Rohit Yadav, Riya PillaiRohit Yadav of Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra's Riya Pillai lead the pack of title contenders in the boys' and girls' under-19 singles categories, respectively, in the 2nd Gautam Thakkar Memorial Junior Badminton Masters to be played at the Bombay Gymkhana from Nov 22-25. There is plenty at stake for the players to strive for, as the winners of the under-19 singles event will take home a purse of Rs 75,000 (from Rs 60,000 last year) each, while the under-17 singles champions will be richer by Rs 50,000 each (up from Rs 40,000 last year). The doubles winners in the under-19 and under-17 categories will share Rs 70,000 and Rs 50,000 respectively.Prominent names for SC South Asia GolfAround 80 captains of the corporate world from Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Nepal and India, many of them accomplished golfers, will participate in the inaugural edition of the Standard Chartered South Asia Golf Tournament on November 24th and 25th at the Aamby Valley and Oxford Golf Resorts, Pune, respectively. Among those in action include Sunil Kaushal, Aditya Khaitan, who recently represented India at the World Corporate Golf Challenge in South Africa and David D'souza.Gulati wins Natational 8-ball poolTop seed Sundeep Gulati of Delhi earned himself an early birthday gift winning the men's 8-ball title in the NSCI-National Pool Championship on Wednesday. Gulati, who turns 32 on Friday, justified his billing as the No. 1 seed dashing the aspirations of 2nd seed Sumit Talwar of Chandigarh in the final. Gulati stuck the balls with better consistency to carve out a 9-6 victory in the race-to-nine rack final. In women's 8-ball contest, Delhi's Keerath Bhandaal beat Karnataka's Judy Walia 4-2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315559", "title": "BJP steps ups demand for Afzal Guru's execution", "text": "NEW DELHI: Welcoming the hanging of 26/11 convict Ajmal Kasab, BJP sought to up the political stakes by demanding that Afzal Guru, on the death row for the 2001 Parliament attack, be also sent to the gallows without further delay.BJP also demanded Kasab's handlers and 26/11 masterminds based in Pakistan be brought to justice now that the death sentence handed out to Kasab had been executed.Arguing that Guru's legal options have been exhausted, BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said, \"It is more than six years that Guru, the principal executor of the attack on Parliament way back in 2001, has not been given final punishment.\"His appeal has been rejected, his review has been rejected, his rectification petition has been rejected by the Supreme Court. How long is the government going to wait? Punishment is an important part of deterrent in the fight against terror.\"The main opposition's criticism also pertains to the \"queue\" argument advanced by the UPA government to explain the delay in executing Guru now that Kasab has been hanged. It has become evident that there is no chronological principle involved, the party alleged.There is an element of risk involved in BJP's demand on Guru. If the government were to expedite the Jaish terrorist's hanging, BJP may find its charge that UPA has been soft on terror begin to lose its sting. However, it may not be easy for the Centre to treat Guru at par with Kasab since it is concerned over the likely reaction in Jammu and Kashmir.BJP used the occasion to also underline the need to press Pakistan to take credible action against the 26/11 accused held in jail as well as Lashkar leaders like Hafiz Saeed who move around freely.\"We need to recognize that all of us want a good relationship with Pakistan, but taking action against terrorists meaningfully remains the most important stumbling block. People of the country want all those who executed it -- those outside the establishment of Pakistan and some within - face action,\" Prasad said.\"We have to understand that terrorist threat remains very dangerous even today. Therefore, we have to be on vision. Afzal Guru should be hanged. BJP demands that let there be a firm procedure of fast tracking the whole policy of pardon to those who are guilty of waging a war against India,\" he added.\"Only a fax being sent, only goodie goodie words being sent, will not be enough. Today is the occasion to reiterate the demand very firmly and the government needs to become pro-active,\" he further said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315046", "title": "Confusion prevails ahead of Delhi University first semester exams", "text": "NEW DELHI: Students at Delhi University continue to be at the receiving end of inconsistent policies ahead of the first semester exams.While students under the sports and extracurricular activity categories across colleges were denied admit cards on account of short attendance, 122 postgraduate students' admissions were cancelled just two days before the exams. Their fault was simply that they failed to furnish the final results of the undergraduate courses from School of Open Learning due to a delay in declaration of results by the university.\"I could not sit for the first exam despite having enough attendance. Though I have all the records of my participation, the college has been indifferent. I am on the verge of missing my first semester exams,\" said a shooter who is pursuing political science (H) from Ramjas College.This is not an isolated case, as over 100 students have come up with the same grievance. The students alleged that the hours spent on sports and extracurricular activities were not accounted for in their attendance, resulting in the shortfall. The admissions of over 100 PG students were cancelled on Tuesday even as their semester exams start on Thursday. The students got enrolled in PG courses of SOL through entrance exams.According to university rules, the students need to present their results by August 31. But the university exam branch failed to declare them on time. In fact, the BA and BCom results for SOL students are still to be declared. While the SOL administration said they had reminded the university's exam branch, no action has been taken. \"We have written many times to the university over this issue. At present, we are waiting for the university's decision,\" said executive director of SOL, H C Pokhriyal.However, officials at the exam branch passed the blame on to the SOL administration. They said, on condition of anonymity, that SOL should have informed the university about the results in advance. DU officials, however, refused to comment on the delay in results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17318223", "title": "National Democratic Front of Bodoland split comes in way of Daimary release", "text": "GUWAHATI: The sudden split in National Democratic Front of Bodoland (NDFB) on Tuesday has dealt a blow to the government's plans to release (NDFB-Ranjan) chief Ranjan Daimary, the prime accused in the 2008 serial blasts in the state next month, to facilitate his participation in peace talks.The Ranjan Daimary faction suffered major setbacks soon after the crackdown on it after the serial blasts in the state in which over 90 people were killed. Daimary was arrested in Bangladesh in 2009 and so were other top leaders. The CBI later named Daimary and his colleagues as accused in the blasts.In 2011, Daimary expressed his willingness to join the peace process and since then the Centre's interlocutor, PC Haldar, has held several rounds of informal talks with him inside Guwahati jail where he is currently lodged.\"The Centre wanted to start talks with the Ranjan faction as a united group and has specifically rejected talks if the group undergoes any further split. There was information about this split for quite some time and he (Ranjan) has been asked to clarify if any split was coming up,\" a source said.The source added, \"Tuesday's split by Songbijit has certainly become a stumbling block to peace talks.\" The source said extensive plan was laid down for rehabilitation of Ranjan Daimary and his group after the peace accord was signed and this included political rehabilitation.\"The political rehabilitation of Bodo Liberation Tiger members is a success story and there is always enough political space for everybody to be rehabilitated,\" the source claimed.Security sources believe that breakaway group leader, Songbijit, could have read the writing on the wall well and made his move fast. \"Songbijit has been based in Myanmar for long. The NDFB set up its base there soon after the 2003 flush-out from Bhutan along with Ulfa,\" the source added.Songbijit is known to security agencies as a person who is completely backed by Paresh Baruah. \"In fact, Songbijit's stay in Myanmar depends wholly on Paresh Baruah,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17319768", "title": "108 ambulance service for Mahakumbh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To ensure road safety and provide immediate health services to Kumbh pilgrims in case of road accidents or medical emergency, the Mela administration will deploy nine ambulances on eight highways connecting Allahabad with neighbouring districts.The Kumbh administration has also identified the strategic locations for deploying the 108 ambulance service.Additional district magistrate (Kumbh) Ashutosh Dwivedi said two ambulances each would be deputed on Allahabad-Banda and Chitrakoot-Rewa route while two ambulances each would be deputed on Allahabad-Mirzapur and Allahabad-Varanasi routes.One ambulance would be deployed on Allahabad-Gorakhpur, Jaunpur, Allahabad-Lucknow, Allahabad-Pratapgarh-Faizabad and Allahabad-Kanpur routes.Dwivedi added that two ambulances will remain deployed at Gohania trisection which would be cover Allahabad-Banda-Chitrakoot-Banda and Reewa route. Similarly, two ambulances would be deputed at Meja road police outpost covering Allahabad-Mirzapur route. In the same regard, two ambulances would be deputed at SarayInayat police station covering Allahabad-Jaunpur and Allahabad-Varanasi routes.On Allahabad-Lucknow route, one ambulance will be deputed at Nawabganj bypass while one ambulance will be deputed at Soraon police staton on Allahabad-FaizabadPratapgarh route. Ambulance stationed at Puramufti police station would cover Allahabad-Kanpur route.ADM said the strategic locations selected for ambulances will be about 20-25 km away from Allahabad city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17316835", "title": "Government gets two more weeks to publish beacon list", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Wednesday gave the state government two weeks to publish the notification containing the list of those entitled to use beacons atop their official cars, if possible on the front pages of newspapers published from Kolkata.On Tuesday, the division bench of Justice A.K Roy and Justice D Saha Roy had directed state transport secretary B P Gopalika to be present in court to explain why its earlier order to publish the list was not carried out.Accordingly, Gopalika appeared in court on Wednesday and submitted that the government has decided to give permission to some more dignitaries to use beacons atop their cars. Explaining that this was why the advertisement had not been published, Gopalika said the state was willing to publish the advertisement after the list was complete.The bench observed that the state can increase the number of beacon users, but since the court had issued the order before such increase was made, the directive should have been carried out.Though Calcutta high court had made it clear that rules relating to use of red beacons was being grossly flouted, some self proclaimed VIPs won't budge. Glaring examples are mayor-in-council members of Kolkata Municipal Corporation.A visit to the KMC headquarters on SN Banerjee Road on Wednesday revealed that at least five cars parked in the VIP zone inside the headquarters were fitted with red beacons. This zone is exclusively reserved for KMC's 10 mayor-in-council members. A majority of these MMiCs use SUVs with red beacons fitted atop.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee is also using an SUV fitted with a red beacon. This apart, officials in the mayor's office also use an SUV which is part of the mayor's convoy and this car, too, flaunts a red beacon. A division bench of Calcutta high court had asked state transport secretary G P Gopalika to file an affidavit furnishing a list of those entitled to use a red beacon and a beacon with a flasher.The transport secretary had submitted a list of 34 personalities enlisted for the special status. Mayor Sovan Chatterjee said he had received no circular from the state on use of a red beacon.The court had, on October 19, fixed November 19 as the deadline to publish the list of beacon users on front pages of city newspapers. This deadline expired without the advertisement being published.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315662", "title": "PIL questions MPs getting more than they spend on travel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Every time a Member of Parliament travels on official work, he/she gets a premium of 25% on the actual expense incurred along with reimbursement of that amount.The five-decade-old rule that entitles parliamentarians to extra allowance than what is actually spent by them came under the Delhi High Court's scanner on Wednesday.A division bench of Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw asked the Centre to explain \"why extra allowances are allowed to MPs\" and issued notice to the cabinet secretary, the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha secretariats and the ministry of law and justice. It gave them time till January 23 to respond.The HC was hearing a PIL filed by B N P Singh, a retired wing commander and general secretary of civil society group 'Veteran's Forum for Transparency in Public Life', challenging some provisions of the Salary, Allowances, Pension of Members of Parliament Act.The PIL cited RTI replies from both Houses of Parliament which showed that some MPs availed air fare as travel allowance to visit their constituency even where there was no airport/airfield. Due to the casual and vague approach in granting reimbursement of travel expenses without any cross-checking, tax payers money was being misused in an organized way by the MPs, the PIL claimed.It further highlighted the anomaly that allows MPs to get a premium on travel expenses with the burden falling on the taxpayer and urged the HC to \"quash some provisions of the Salary, Allowances, Pension of Members of Parliament Act, 1954 and the rules made there under in this regard as being unconstitutional and ultra vires to the Constitution of India\".Arguing the PIL, advocate Sitab Ali Chaudhary said this was an \"unnecessary and unjust burden\" on the exchequer as well as on taxpayers, besides terming it as \"most illegal, arbitrary, discriminatory\".The petitioner pointed out that even judges of the Supreme Court and high courts were allowed only actual expenses incurred by them in their travel and not in the ratio MPs were getting.\"Allowing the MPs to reimburse with more money than they actually spent is in gross violation of the legal and fundamental rights of the citizens of India and also violative of principles of transparency and accountability and the principles of performance with efficiency without corruption in public life,\" the plea said.The petition sought directions to the government to audit TA and DA of the MPs of both Houses by CAG.Further, the plea said that apart from reimbursement of TA/DA, the MPs were also getting their monthly salaries, daily allowances, office expenses, free telephone and electricity and water bills. Therefore, they should not be allowed to get more money than the amount they actually spend in any manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17318281", "title": "Former Assam assembly officer jailed for graft", "text": "GUWAHATI: A special court here on Wednesday sent Sanghamitra Bharali, a former state government employee who was allegedly involved in a relationship with former chief minister Prafulla Kumar Mahanta, to four years of rigorous imprisonment on charges of having disproportionate assets.The court also slapped a fine of Rs 10 lakh failing which she has to undergo an additional one-year of rigorous imprisonmentThe special court, which convicted her under Section 13(2) of Prevention of Corruption Act, has also confiscated her flat in Godabari complex located at Andheri, Mumbai and directed the chief secretary of Assam to take possession of the flat within three months.In 2001, the state's vigilance and anti-corruption branch filed a case against her alleging that Sanghamitra, while serving as assistant language officer in the assembly from 1991 to 2002, took advantage of her controversial relationship with the then chief minister Prafulla Mahanta and amassed movable and immovable property.A chargesheet was also filed in the case on February 1 this year.\"It was found that Sanghamitra, during her service period of 11 years, had drawn salaries of Rs 6,07,586. But she gathered property worth Rs 53, 06, 697. In 2012, she bought a flat worth Rs 11,79,000 at Housefed complex in Guwahati and another flat worth Rs 18 lakh at Godabari apartment, Andheri, Mumbai,\" said the investigation agency.\"According to her ex-husband Mondeep Das, who appeared as witness in the case, his wife had no property in her name at the time of marriage and she started to live separately since 2001. In the evidence it has been found that she possessed gold ornaments of 20 tolas, costly household goods and also invested a substantial amount in the share market ,\" said a press release issued by the special court of Mazed Ali.Sanghamitra, who was present at the special court during the judgment, however, did not reacted much. \"My lawyers will look into the matter,\" she said.It is believed that Sanghamitra Bharali is believed to have contributed to the fall of Prafulla Mahanta from grace in the party.Her claim of marriage with two-time chief minister Prafulla Kumar Mahanta had affected the then AGP chief's political career.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315253", "title": "Pak tit-for-tat for Sarbajit?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The sudden hanging of Ajmal Kasab has raised question marks about the fate of India's Sarabjit Singh who has been languishing in a Pakistani jail for over 22 years. Government sources here said that Sarabjit's case was not a factor at all in the judicial execution of Kasab as there was no symmetry in the two cases.Sarabjit was awarded the death penalty for his alleged involvement in 1990 serial bomb blasts in Pakistan's Punjab province. While it is too early to say if Pakistan will use its usual tit-for-tat approach in dealing with India, Pakistani sources do not rule out Kasab's ``abrupt\" hanging having some sort of impact on Sarabjit's pending mercy plea, even if it doesn't include his execution.Reports from Islamabad said authorities there had noticed how President Pranab Mukherjee had ``jumped the queue\" in upholding death sentence to Kasab.There is absolute clarity in New Delhi though that Pakistan will only be making a spectacle of itself internationally if it hurts Sarabjit in any way. \"It is worth remembering that Pakistan has said in the past that it will consider Sarabjit's case on humanitarian grounds, something which we never said about Kasab,\" said a source. Sarabjit had only recently submitted a fresh mercy plea before Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari.Indian officials admitted though that the execution of Kasab could see hardliners in Pakistan putting the government there under pressure to not turn Kasab's death sentence into life imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17315990", "title": "'Arihant will be asked to clarify on River Princess'", "text": "PANAJI: Tourism minister Dilip Parulekar has said that until and unless Arihant Shipping, the company contracted to remove the River Princess from Sinquerim, produces a report from a government agency like the NIO stating that 100% of the ship has been removed, the government will not clear its payment.Speaking on the sidelines of a media briefing, Parulekar said he has received a report from the NIO stating that part of the ship is still embedded in the sand.He said that under these circumstances, the government cannot even consider the contractor's application for payment of his dues. The tourism minister said the chief minister is also of the same opinion and consequently, he will write to the contractor asking him to clarify the matter in the wake of the NIO report.The contractor was awarded the project to remove the ship at a cost of 99 crore but 14 crore (which was the scrap value) was to be deducted. But in view of the NIO report, the matter will also be deliberated by the monitoring committee headed by the revenue secretary and the decision will be conveyed to Arihant Shipping, Parulekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319361", "title": "Simbu sings for GV Prakash", "text": "Simbu aka STR, who is enjoying the success of 'Podaa Podi' and busy with the shoots of Vaalu has taken some time to sing a song being composed by GV Prakash Kumar.Simbgu tweeted \"Sang a song for @gvprakash called kalaipom from nan rajavaga pogiren after a very long time .Had super fun !!! Orey kalai .all the best !!!\"Nakul and Chandini are playing lead roles in Naan Rajavaga Pogiren being directed by Prithvi Rajkumar. Vetrimaaran has penned the script for Naan Rajavaga Pogiren that will be produced by Udhayam VLS Cine MediaSimbu had earlier lent his voice for for a song ' Maama Machan ' for the movie in Thaman's music for Director Arivazhagan next film ' Vallinam ' starring Nakul.Arivazhagan also had recently tweeted \"Great thanks @iam_STR has sung a song #maama machaan for @MusicThaman #vallinam for @imnagulan first ever\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17315687", "title": "Ajmal Kasab sang in cell the night before", "text": "PUNE: It was only when he was being taken to the gallows that Mohammed Ajmal Amir Kasab lost his composure. The 26/11 terrorist, who was hanged to death at the Yerawada central prison at 7.30 am on Wednesday, remained \"cool\" and even \"sang songs in his cell\" on Tuesday night, barely hours after he was told that he would be executed the next morning, sources said.However, Kasab hardly slept on Tuesday night. In the morning, he expressed an unusual desire for tomatoes and the jail authorities gave him a basketful. However, his last wish to meet his family could not be fulfilled. He was buried in the Yerawada jail premises itself.Kasab was brought from Mumbai's Arthur Road jail to the Yerawada jail at 4.30 am on Tuesday in a secret operation. A convoy of six vehicles accompanied by special commandos took the Mumbai-Pune expressway to reach the jail.Before Kasab could reach Pune, hectic preparations were afoot at the Yerawada jail for his execution with the jail staff preparing the rope to be used for the hanging and even doing a dummy trial. \"Special trials were undertaken particularly to check if the wooden board on the gallows could sustain Kasab's weight,\" a source said. Jail authorities even shifted out all the convicts lodged in the high security 'anda' cell (an egg-shaped cell which is divided in two parts) to lodge Kasab till late Tuesday evening, when he had to be shifted to the special cell where convicts to be taken to the gallows are kept.Kasab was medically examined on his arrival at the Yerawada jail around 5 am. \"We evaluated his consciousness, orientation and physical fitness. He weighed 52.5 kg and his blood pressure was normal at 120/80. He was evaluated for his mental fitness too by a jail psychiatrist,\" the source said, adding that Kasab appeared quite normal and confidently answered all questions posed by the doctors. \"There was no trace of nervousness in him,\" the source said.Kasab was told by the jail authorities on Tuesday evening that he would be executed on Wednesday. \"He barely slept that night. He was asked to get ready at 4 am. He said he wanted to eat tomatoes, so he was given a basketful. However, he took only two tomatoes and ate only one around 6 am,\" the source said. After that, he offered namaz, read the Quran and was given prayer beads by the jail officials.As per procedure, Kasab took another medical examination in his cell on Wednesday morning and was declared \"medically fit to be hanged\". Asked about his last wish, he said: \"Gharwalon ko milna hai (I want to meet my family)\". He was told that the Pakistan government had been informed about his hanging but had failed to respond. Asked if he had any other wish, he replied in the negative, the source said.Kasab was brought to the gallows at 7.20 am. Dressed in the regular jail uniform for convicts, his hands and legs were tied, his head covered with a black cloth and the noose placed around his neck. It was then that he started speaking incoherently apart from seeking divine forgiveness. Sources said that he was hanged at 7.30 am in the presence of a special magistrate, a district administration official, a doctor, a medical team and jail officials.Minutes after the hanging, a doctor declared Kasab dead and issued a death certificate, the sources said. The jail superintendent then signed a certificate stating that the convict had been hanged and a message was sent to the home ministry about the execution.Kasab was buried in an open space near the 'faasi' (gallows) gate on jail premises at 9.30 am. Six pits were kept ready to ensure the exact burial spot remains a secret, sources said. \"The special cell is located near the 'faasi' yard inside the jail premises, about 300 to 400 metres ahead to the left of the famous Gandhi yard. The Gandhi yard is located to the left after one enters the main entrance of the jail,\" the sources said.The entire preparation, including making the rope and actual execution, was done by the jail staff, some of whom were trained by the last hangman, Arjun Jadhav, before he retired in 1996.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17316461", "title": "BRTS collision: Complaint filed against driver", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A complaint for the accident was finally registered against one of the drivers involved in the head-on collision between two BRTS buses on Tuesday night. A supervisor of Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited (AJL) filed a complaint with Naranpura police in connection with the case on Wednesday.According to Naranpura police, the accident took place inside the BRTS corridor between Ranip and Vyaswadi junctions at 8.45 pm on Tuesday. The initial investigation had revealed that the collision took place after one driver lost control due to a burst tyre. The right sides of both buses were badly damaged and both drivers sustained severe injuries. Around 10 to 12 passengers on both vehicles were also injured and rushed to hospitals by EMRI 108 and Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) ambulances.\"Alpesh Mir, 26, a resident of Prantij, has been named as accused in the case by Shreeraj Brahmbhatt, a resident of Bapunagar and supervisor with AJL. According to the complaint, the accident took place due to Mir's negligence. We have roped in forensic experts find the cause of the accident. They have taken the tyres that were damaged in the incident,\" said D M Jadeja, inspector of Naranpura police station. Investigators added that the buses use tubeless tyre to reduce chances of such bursts, as the buses run at high speeds.Both drivers - Mir and Bashir Mansuri - are still under treatment at Civil Hospital. Three persons, including the two drivers remain under treatment as on Wednesday evening. Most victims suffered head injuries because of the impact. While one of the buses was plying the RTO to Naroda route, another was on the Maninagar to RTO route, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17317754", "title": "1:15 is new teacher-student ratio", "text": "KOCHI: The government has asked the director of public instruction (DPI) to review the appointments of teachers in uneconomic schools and employ a teacher on a regular basis only if there are at least 15 students in a class.Several uneconomic schools in the state had appointed teachers on daily wages after vacancies arose due to death, resignation, promotion or transfer of permanent staff. \"The DPI has been directed to review appointments of teachers who were appointed as daily wage employees since 2010-11, and if the appointment has been made on the minimum strength of the school,\" said additional secretary (education) R Madhusoodhanan Nair. The earlier sanctioning minimum strength of teachers was 25 students in an uneconomic school. Now in each standard in lower primary section, the school requires to have at least 15 students. The same is applicable for In upper primary and high schools also.This comes even as the Kerala High Court had suggested that the state government should consider redeploying protected teachers in uneconomical schools to work across the state to prevent the financial drain.The court further suggested that the government should take steps to protect the jobs of teachers employed in uneconomical schools. It should think about bringing in an embargo on fresh appointments as well as redeploy the teachers from such schools to others within the state.Around 60-70% of the governments' revenue is utilized for paying salary to 5 lakh people and pension to 5.3 lakh people, with teachers and retired teachers accounting for a sizeable number. Almost 25% of the schools in the state were uneconomical, most of which were primary schools, revealed sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17278105", "title": "Ahmedabad: A living heritage city", "text": "Ahmedabad is one of the oldest cities in India and the pitch for getting the recognition as the World's Heritage City has begunSix hundred two summers for dusty Ahmedabad which was once termed as India's Manchester . The city has been witness to India's historic events. It was from this city that the Mahatma started his Dandi march. Ahmedabad is a city that boasts of a vibrant walled city which has generated much interest all over the world. It's a city where history gently rubs its shoulders with modernity.Ahmedabad is one of the oldest cities in the country which is still standing tall. Apart from the Indo-Islamic architecture for which Ahmedabad is quite well known, there are almost 100 Jain temples in the old city, some of which are architectural wonders from Medieval Gujarat . The pol houses, which capture the essence of community living, are unique to Ahmedabad. So are the chabutras, or bird feeders, which clearly throws light on the evolved past of the city which has also played a very vital role in the independence movement of the country. Unlike many other glorious cities across the globe that have lost their relevance and distinct character, Ahmedabad has kept its past alive and looks forward to a promising future. Many other Indian cities have taken lessons from Ahmedabad on conservation of heritage. In 2000, the French signed an MoU with Ahmedabad to conserve heritage and Hudco revised its laws to include loans for restoration of ancient buildings. And the pitch for getting the recognition as the World Heritage City has begun. The city also boasts of a Heritage Walk which takes the visitors through the lanes and bylanes of history.Architects, planners and heritage conservationists agree that it is a \"living heritage city\" where the walled city planning system is based on the ancient traditional \"Vaastu\" principles. The sharing of community spaces and resources such as water and building structure, techniques and materials offers social security and self sufficiency to the \"pol inhabitants.\"Talking about the great heritage of the city, Raheel Patel, the brain behind Vaarso and a heritage enthusiast says with a sense of pride, \"I want to showcase the rich architectural and cultural heritage before the world. What we have in our walled city is of incalculable value. During the Heritage Week celebrations for past few years, we have been organising many programmes to generate interest among people.\"So, it's time to revel in the past even as the world looks at Ahmedabad as a success story of growth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17319798", "title": "First moments of care crucial to life and health of newborns", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The 'newborn week' observed from November 14 to 21 saw a number of programmes being organised on the directives of Chief Medical Officer (CMO) Dr Padmakar Singh, to implement strategies to reduce high mortality rate in the district.Senior medical officer community health Dr SAM Meesum said all birth attendants like doctors, nurses and paramedics were reoriented and sensitised for adaptation of safety measure and skills to handle newborns.At the District Women's Hospital, all ward 'ayahs' and 'dayees' (attendants) and staff nurses were given useful tips to handle newborns, like quick mopping and drying up, wrapping the baby in multilayered cloth to prevent hypothermia, establishing breastfeed within half an hour of birth even in Caesarean cases, not applying on umbilical cord, care of the eye, maintenance of body heat and keeping the baby warm with the 'kangaroo' method in which it stays calm through closeness to mother. Displaying all this vital trivia, a baby show will be held on November 29 at District Women Hospital as per the guidelines of NRHM.Dr Meesum said, \"One in 100 newborn needs cardio-pulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and it is well handled at Dufferin hospital.\" Superintendent in chief at the hospital Dr S Nautiyal said \"Skilled health care during pregnancy, childbirth and in the postnatal (immediately after birth) period prevents complications for mother and newborn and allows early detection and management of problems.\"In addition, WHO and UNICEF too recommend home visits by skilled health workers like ASHA and Anganbadi workers during the baby's first week to improve survival and healthy growth. She added, \"In special cases, such as of low-birth-weight babies, those born to HIV-positive mothers, or sick babies, additional care is required and the case should be referred to a hospital without delay as early recognition of ailment of a newborn is of utmost importance and the receiver at all primary or community health centres and tertiary level hospital should be ready as well as skilled enough to manage the sick baby, added the doctors.During home visits, skilled health workers should advise and facilitate early (within the first hour of birth) and exclusive breastfeeding, help keep the newborn warm (promoting skin-to-skin contact between mother and infant), kangaroo mother care (KMC) promote hygienic umbilical cord and skin care, no application on the umbilical cord stump and 'uptan maalish' (scrub massage), etc. The health workers must look for signs of serious health problems, and advise families to seek prompt medical care. They should also spread awareness about birth registration and timely vaccination according to national schedules.When it comes to taking proper care of newborns of HIV-infected mothers, the health department is a step ahead in offering preventive antiretroviral treatment (ART) for mothers and newborns to prevent infection. The facility is available at district women hospital Dufferin.Health officials claim proper counselling session is being conducted and support being extended to mothers for infant feeding. Community health workers have been told to be aware of issues related to infant feeding. The fact is that many HIV-infected newborns are born prematurely and are more susceptible to infections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316431", "title": "Thief loots gold from Pondy man on bus to Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A thief drugged a 30-year-old businessman from Puducherry and made away with his gold chain and ring on a bus heading to the city on Tuesday night.Police said Sundaramoorthy was also carrying 5 lakh in cash but the money was intact.\"Sundaramoorthy runs a computer spare parts shop in Puducherry. He was on a business trip to Chennai,\" a police officer said. \"The man seated next to Sundaramoorthy offered him a soft drink that appears to have been spiked with a sedative.\"The bus reached CMBT bus terminus around 11.30pm on Tuesday. All the other passengers alighted except Sundaramoorthy. The bus crew found him in his seat and informed a patrolling police officer.\"He said his gold ring and a gold chain, weighing three sovereigns, were missing,\" the officer said. \"We suspect that the thief made an attempt to steal cash from Sundaramoorthy but failed, or did not know that he was carrying so much money,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17314825", "title": "No irrigation water through Gandak canals", "text": "PATNA: Farmers in the districts concerned of Bihar, Nepal and Uttar Pradesh would have to make their own arrangements for irrigating their arable land during the Rabi season as Bihar water resources department (WRD) would not release water through the west and east Gandak canal networks for four months, beginning December.The decision has been taken since the first phase of the Gandak Project renovation work has to be completed by March 31 next year. The Central Water Commission (CWC) had approved the project involving overall expenditure of Rs 856.62 crore. Incidentally, a similar exercise has also been ordered with regard to eastern Kosi canal system owing to the fact that its modernisation, extension and renovation (MER) has also to be completed by March 31 next.The WRD decision would affect farmers of seven districts in Bihar - Muzaffarpur, Vaishali, East Champaran, West Champaran, Gopalganj, Siwan and Saran (Chhapra) - over and above the districts concerned in Nepal and Uttar Pradesh. \"After the completion of the first phase of the Gandak Project, the work related to its second phase would start,\" said a WRD source.The first phase of the Gandak Project renovation work includes the execution of the Nepal Benefit Scheme ( NBS) worth Rs 171.84 crore, as well as civil and mechanical works related to Gandak barrage and renovation of east Gandak canal network (EGCN) with the combined expenditure of Rs 684.78 crore. Under the second phase of the Gandak Project, the west Gandak canal network would be renovated at overall expenditure of around Rs 2,200 crore to start with and the process regarding work allotment has already begun, WRD sources said.While the renovation of EGCN covers work on 241km of its main canal and other chunk of its distribution network in Bihar, 197km of the main canal of west Gandak canal network covers 19km in Nepal, 112km in Uttar Pradesh and 66km in Bihar.The work regarding MER of 241km EGCN, along with the construction of civil works and modernisation of mechanical system at Gandak barrage started in 2010, while the implementation of Nepal Benefit Scheme, under which the renovation of main canal in Nepal was taken up, began next year and would now be completed by March 31 next. Similarly, the second phase of the Gandak Project would be completed over a period of three years, from 2013 to 2016.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315169", "title": "Cops pull boy out of marsh, to be rewarded", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a fascinating occurrence of policemen risking their lives to save a teenager from the jaws of certain death, three policemen displayed commendable presence of mind and courage to rescue a teenager who was on the verge of drowning in quicksand on the Yamuna banks in Wazirabad on Tuesday evening.The team of three policemen comprises assistant sub-inspector Rambir, head constable Prem Chand and constable Rohit. They carried out a dramatic operation using bamboos to reach and rescue the youngster. The boy is under observation in AIIMS Trauma Center and has not given police his statement yet.Narrating the incident, Addl DCP Satveer Katara said that they received a call around 7.10 pm about a boy drowning in the Yamuna near Wazirabad Chhatth puja ghat. When the PCR van reached the spot, they did not spot anyone at first sight. After a search, however, they found a 'head-like object' in the marshy land in the ghat area at some distance. A closer look showed it to be the head of a boy neck-deep in the quicksand. But they could not help him right away as there was a risk of them meeting the same fate.There was also no time to ask for fire tenders or reinforcement as rough calculations indicated he would drown any moment. The men began to look around for help and spotted a Chhatth pandal made of bamboos nearby.\"The three took a quick decision and began to collect bamboos from the nearby puja marquee one by one. They made a platform of these in order to reach the drowning boy. One of them took great risk and walked on the bamboos and with great difficulty caught hold of the neck of the boy. He pulled him out and he was found to have fainted. The staff rushed him to a nearby hospital and his life was saved,\" Katara said.Katara said that the men will be suitably rewarded for their zeal to save a life without caring for their own. \"They have set a precedent in the organization,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17316069", "title": "Mining restart may take time, hints central empowered committee", "text": "PANAJI: The Supreme Court-appointed central empowered committee (CEC) on Wednesday informed the state government that it will submit its report on alleged illegal mining in Goa to the apex court by November 30.CEC sources also hinted that resumption of mining activities may take some time, but they did not elaborate.The team told chief secretary B Vijayan that it will start preparing its report from Thursday. It also sought clarifications on data submitted by the mines department.Vijayan told TOI, \"The CEC sought some clarifications on the data submitted and we answered whatever we could on the spot. We will submit by Monday the rest of the clarifications sought.\"In an earlier letter to the chief secretary the CEC had stated that it had found significant inconsistencies and contradictions in the information provided.The meeting, convened by CEC member secretary M K Jiwrajka, was attended by mines secretary R K Varma, mines director Prasanna Acharya , forest department officials, representatives of Goa Mineral Ore Exporters' Association and Goa Mining Association and Claude Alvares of Goa Foundation.The NGO petitioned the SC after the Shah commission noted that not a single mine is operating legally in the state. The court first heard the case on October 5, and halted all mining activity in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17316940", "title": "Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation to put up new signboards in Ambad, Satpur industrial areas", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) is planning to put up 70 new signboards in both Ambad and Satpur industrial areas - the two MIDC industrial areas on the outskirts of Nashik city.Signboards in these areas, put up several years ago, are now rusted due to lack of maintenance. Accordingly, the MIDC had replaced some of them with new ones.An MIDC official said, \"We have already repaired and replaced some rusted signboards in Ambad and Satpur industrial areas of MIDC. Now, we are planning to put up new ones.\"The new signboards are to be put up at around 70 locations, including 50 in Ambad MIDC and 20 locations in Satpur MIDC. A proposal to this effect is to be sent for administrative approval to the MIDC head office in Mumbai. A tender will be invited after getting an administrative approval, the official elaborated.He further said that the signboards will include the names of all the companies and will be put up wherever they are necessary. This will help visitors who are new to the place.There are around 400 signboards along internal roads in Ambad and Satpur MIDC. Around 4,500 small, medium and large industries operate in these areas. Earlier, most of the signboards put up by MIDC were spoilt and the letters were not visible due to lack of proper maintenance. This causes inconvenient to those visiting the areas.A delegation of AIMA had had recently met the MIDC officials and sought repairs and renewal of the old signboards, and setting up of new ones wherever necessary.Accordingly, the MIDC has finally started procedure in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "17316989", "title": "Kannara Bridge awaits redemption with student\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s help", "text": "KOLLAM: Kollam locals are trying to save the 108-year-old 13 Kannara railway bridge through an innovative contest. They have asked engineering students from Kerala and Tamil Nadu to come up with engineering solutions for a new broad gauge path without corroding the beauty of the existing bridge. The railway bridge is the longest of the 15 bridges on the Kollam-Shencottai railway line and is part of celluloid history.Railways has plans to re-plaster bridge as part of its broad gauge conversion work. Kollam residents feel that this move may forever destroy the beauty of the bridge and so they have formed a forum to protect the bridge. The contest is the brainchild of this association to preserve this bridge.\"There are cash prizes for selected proposals. They will be submitted to railway authorities who can study them. Railways can then implement the best project so that the bridge can be saved,\" said president of the Kannara Bridge Protection Forum A T Philip, adding that the bridge is fine piece of British engineering that needs to be preserved for future generations.\"Many engineering students have visited the spot to study the unique techniques used to construct the bridge. Preservation of the bridge would benefit not only to the tourism sector, but help students who want to know more about the engineering aspects that were used a century ago,\" Philip said.A railway official of the Madurai division said they will reconstruct the bridge to suit the broad gauge rail network. \"We will then remodel the concrete bridge so that it looks exactly like the old bridge. This suggestion has been conveyed to the bridge protection forum,\" he said.The forum is organizing an event called 'Family Leaders Meet' near the bridge on November 25 and elected representatives from both states have been invited for the function. Students will be given an opportunity to present their projects from 10am and 4 pm.\"We will also organise a literary competition for school students on the theme 'Save 13 Kannara Bridge'. Moreover, the forum is also preparing a mass petition for saving the bridge that will be submitted to President Pranab Mukherjee , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Indian Railways,\" said Philip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17318958", "title": "Mani Shankar makes Narendra Modi go holographic", "text": "Thanks to a startling technology known as holography whereby an individual can be seen in his authentic physical form in many different places simultaneously Gujarat's chief minister Narendra Modi would be seen physically present simultaneously in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Surat and Baroda giving identical election speeches.This startling technological innovation has been brought to India by filmmaker Mani Shankar who has earlier directed hi-tech sci-fi films '16 December' and 'Rudraksh', and his business partner Kasu Rajagopal Reddy. After Modi goes holographic we hear the company plans to 'bring back' Michael Jackson for a live concert with musicians Shankar Mahadevan,Adnan Sami and others.While Mani Shankar has signed an NDA regarding this huge 157-crore rupee project a friend of the filmmaker revealed, \"Holographic Projection is like pure magic. A live human being appears out of the blue, walks, talks, asks and answers questions, and on an invisible cue, disappears into nowhere.Holographic Projection is not a movie special effect. It is 'live'. It can be made to happen anywhere, in your office, home or in a mall,on a stage, virtually anywhere. A precursor to space-age technologies that will surely revolutionize the whole business of media entertainment and communication.Holographic Projection will redefine the way we interact and think. It will usher in a new age of virtual presence, where you can be 'beamed up' to any part of the world instantly, 'appear' in any place,interact with people there as if you were really there, and in an instant, 'beam yourself back' to where you originally were.Holographic Projection can also create multiple avatars of yourself, and you can appear in ten, a hundred or a thousand places simultaneously, walk and talk around, speak and answer questions and relocate yourself to anywhere else instantly, at the speed of light.The beauty of Holographic Projection is that your avatar will be just as real as you, and if you were to stand next to your hologram even your best-friend would have a tough time deciding who was real and who was virtual. Of course, the best way to figure out would be to throw a punch at the person in doubt. A punch into a hologram would pass through, because ultimately, a hologram is an illusion. But what a fantastic illusion it is!\"Confirms Mani Shankar's friend, \"Mani and his team of Anjali Joshi and Bhupesh Bhupathy will deploy specially created holographic mobile theaters for Mr. Modi in Gujarat. These compact mobile units pack a huge punch as they criss-cross villages and showcase a life-size holographic shows where Mr. Modi appears from thin air and talks to villagers man to man- in person, right there in their own yard!\"While declining to speak on his holographic association with Narendra Modi, Mani Shankar says, \"We are certainly looking at changing the way audiences connect with celebrities, and yes , something startling with Michael Jackson is on the cards.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17317449", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcEvery industry is seeing massive change due to mobile and cloud\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "If you are creating or viewing digital content, you are likely also using Adobe in some form. Adobe's products such as Flash, Photoshop , Acrobat, InDesign and PageMaker enable you to create, manipulate and animate digital content and make them interactive. For the past five years, the person leading the $4.2-billion , San Jose-based company as CEO is Shantanu Narayen, who was born in Mumbai and grew up in Hyderabad. He graduated in electronics engineering from Osmania University in 1984 and went to the US for a Masters in computer science. He worked in Apple, Silicon Graphics and two startups, before joining Adobe in 1998. Last year, US president Barack Obama appointed him as a member of his management advisory board. Narayen's father is a Tamilian, mother a Maharashtrian , and wife a Punjabi . \"I'm practicing national integration,\" he said lightheartedly , before he went on to talk to TOI about how mobile , cloud and social were dramatically changing customer demands and Adobe itself .People are moving from desktops to mobile devices . How is that changing your business?Every industry is seeing a massive transformation because of the move towards mobile devices, cloud and social media. And so is the content business. So all of our products are now cloud enabled and you can access them on any device. The products are constantly updated, instead of every year or 18 months. We have created touch tools. You can synchronize all your assets across all of your devices, you can share the content. Users can pay on a monthly basis. There are a lot of geographies with a fair amount of piracy because people think the upfront price of an Adobe license is a little prohibitive. The monthly subscription model allows people to pay as you go.Have you seen a decline in piracy?The cloud model has resulted in 20% growth in new users. Between May this year, when we launched the cloud package, and August, we have had 200,000 paid subscribers for cloud. In India, our market share is significantly larger than the revenue we get because of piracy. But this will change as we move to the subscription model.What other trends do you see and how are you responding to it?For every industry, moving online and having a closer relationship with customers have become more important than ever before. Every customer I speak to is trying to reimagine their website. They want dynamic, personalized websites that provide a different experience when you view it on a smartphone, a different one on a tablet, and a still different one on a PC. They also want people who come to the website to become paying customers. To enable all this, we have put together the most comprehensive cloud-based digital marketing platform that is there in the industry. We process 6 trillion transactions a year, all digital footprints to figure out who your online customer is, what they are visiting, what's an effective offering for them, how to apportion your marketing budget among digital options.What's the trend in digital marketing spends?Globally, digital is about 20% of overall marketing spends. TV still dominates. But digital provides the opportunity to get far more measurement in terms of return on investment. Which is why search spend, social spend is increasing dramatically . But getting people to look at ads on mobile devices, especially on social media sites on smartphones, is still a challenge. I certainly believe social is going to be far more important in the future than it is today . Like any other piece of technology, marketers have to learn how to use it. You will find innovation in the mobile space. There are retailers who are saying, if I have a mobile device and I'm in a physical store, I should be able to press an in-store application button on the phone and as I'm walking down the aisles, I will find coupons that are appropriate to me. Does the medium offer opportunities for tailoring the right ads, absolutely . Is it as advanced as we would like it to be, probably not.Close to a fourth of Adobe employees are in India. How's their contribution?India is doing innovations across the entire spectrum of our products. Earlier this year we acquired Chennaibased Efficient Frontier, which offers media optimization solutions. India has fully conceptualized and created at least two products recently, one that significantly reduces the ink used in printing, and another that enables people like teachers and trainers to easily and quickly create content and put them online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17318220", "title": "Operation Smile helped over 7000 people till date", "text": "GUWAHATI: Operation Smile, a comprehensive cleft care center, is now functioning as a full-fledged center in Guwahati. Operation Smile has helped bring back the smiles of around 7,281 people all over the state till date.Talking to TOI, director of Operation Smile Mahesh Deori said, \"Earlier, we used to follow the international mission model, but we are now functioning as a full-fledged center. We have surgeons from Mumbai, Bhubaneswar, USA and Sweden . We also have international programmes where doctors from other countries come here for a stipulated time to conduct surgeries. At present, we are focusing on developing local skills.\"\"Last year, the comprehensive cleft care center conducted around 3,500 surgeries with facial deformities like cleft lip and cleft palate. We are now thinking of extending our service to other parts of the northeast,\" he said.According to a WHO survey, there are a total of 20,000 people suffering with cleft lips all over the state, Deori said, adding that maximum cases of cleft lip and cleft palate are from Assam and we get around 300 cleft lip and cleft palate cases in a month while backlog cases mostly come from the lower strata.\"The problem of cleft lip and palate mainly arises due to nutritional deficiency in the mother. So at present, we are running some nutritional programmes where we teach the mother to breastfeed babies with cleft lip. We also advice the mother on the nutritional food she should take,\" the Operation Smile director said.He added, \"Now we are also trying to reach out to the remotest area of the state by conducting camps in different places. We have conducted a total 217 surgeries in Karimganj district, 107 surgeries in Hailakandi and 173 surgeries in Cachar district so far.\"Though the number of patients is increasing, we have limited rooms, Deori said. \"We have written to the state government to allot some more rooms for the center inside the MMC hospital. We conduct all the surgeries free of cost. Moreover, we also provide travelling allowance to the patients and bear all the costs of one attendance,\" he added.Minuti Begum, who came all away from Lakhimpur for her son's surgery said, \"My son, who is now 4 months old, was born with cleft lip. We had no idea where to take him for treatment then the workers of ASHA informed us about this center. After the operation, I am happy that my son's face now looks like other children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319002", "title": "Art of the mattter", "text": "There's another side to composer Debajyoti Mishra. In a first, he reveals the painter in him As a child, he would spend his Puja holidays drawing all that he saw \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the tree outside his window, crowd thronging the busy Tollygunge junction, birds, the open sky... And every time school would resume, he would end up gifting his class teacher that special painting, which for him was a month's blood and sweat. As Debajyoti Mishra readies to unveil the painter in him, all that seems like yesterday.\"I'm born and brought up in the studio para. A famous banner painter used to live three buildings away in my neighbourhood. His son was a good friend and I would spend all my free time at their place. There, I saw how Uttam Kumar's face would slowly emerge out of a few brush strokes. Though the face would never be perfect, it felt like magic at that point of time,\" Debajyoti recalls. Soon music happened and that overpowered the other creative streak in the man. \"But my score books continued to bear a stamp of the painter in me. I never stopped drawing, though music would keep me busy. Be it musicians, musical instruments, people watching concerts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d I would draw everything that I saw in my diary,\" he says.The composer, who has exhibitions lined up in Kolkata, Delhi and even Bangladesh , says he had no such plans till curator Jyotirmoy Bhattacharya came to his house one day. \"He had come to me with the definite assignment of composing a song for his show. There, he saw my drawings scattered across the pages of a diary. The one which impressed him the most had Tagore and Christ together.\" Through Jyotirmoy a contact was established with the art world. \"It was six months back. Ever since, I've been burning the midnight oil to complete my paintings, which are mostly in acrylic and pastel. Jogenda (Chowdhury) was all praise for my artworks. This, in no way, is less than an award for me. \"My not being to an art school has helped me develop a form which is very different from others. Lalu Prasad Shaw and Akbar Padmasee too were extremely encouraging,\" he says.But painting didn't come easy to the composer. \"At 3.30 am, I would wake up my wife, Jonaki, to ask for her opinion on a certain painting. For months, she has put up with me. Our daughter, Spandana, too has inspired me in many ways. You can safely call her my biggest critic.\"The exhibition in Kolkata is set to take place in December and good friend Shubha Mudgal will be inaugurating it for Debajyoti, while Jogen would be the chief guest. \"I dedicate this show to my son, Boogey (Nishad), who takes a keen interest in painting himself. I've always been fascinated by him. And if someday he takes up painting, you never know, maybe people will say: like father, like son.\" That, Debajyoti says, would be music to his ears.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17315306", "title": "'Kasab, Sarabjit cases can't be equated'", "text": "AMRITSAR: Amid fears that Ajmal Kasab's hanging will have an impact on the fate of Indian prisoner in Pakistan Sarabjit Singh, his lawyer Awais Sheikh said on Wednesday that the two cases can't be equated.Sheikh told TOI over phone from Lahore that Sarabjit's case was that of mistaken identity. \"He is Sarabjit Singh and not Manjit Singh on whose name he was booked, whereas Kasab was caught committing the crime and was on camera. Islamabad had admitted that Kasab used Pakistani soil for executing the Mumbai terror attack,\" Sheikh said. He said the general perception in Pakistan was that Sarabjit Singh was involved in a serial blast in Lahore and Kasur in 1990.UK-based rights activist and an advocate Jes Uppal, who is also campaigning for Sarabjit's release, said, \"No comparison ought to be drawn between the facts of Kasab's case and what Sarabjit Singh is alleged to have done whatsoever. There are no similarities in the two cases\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315235", "title": "Markandey Katju pleads again to Pak to release Sarabjit", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a day when 26/11 convict Ajmal Amir Kasab was hanged, Press Council of India (PCI) chairman Markandey Katju made one more appeal to the President and the Prime Minister of Pakistan to release Indian prisoner Sarabjit Singh, who is on death row for over two decades.In his letter addressed to Pakistani High Commissioner to India Salman Bashir, Katju has argued Sarabjit's case vis-a-vis Kasab's and stressed how both the cases are different and why Sarabjit deserves a pardon.\"You must have heard that Ajmal Kasab has been hanged in India. I wish to respectfully point out to you that this case is totally different from that of Sarabjit Singh who has been on death row in Pakistan for 21 years.\"About Kasab, there is no doubt about his guilt as he was caught red handed. However, there is great doubt about the guilt of Sarabjit Singh. So, the two cases are not similar,\" Katju said in the letter. He asked Bashir to convey his views to the Pakistani President and the Prime Minister.Noting that he had pleaded for Sarabjit's release in his four previous letters, Katju said, \"I earnestly request you to pardon him and send him back to India\".He said though there were no doubts that courts there have convicted Sarabjit, there were \"serious flaws\" in the prosecution version.Katju said Sarabjit's name was not even in the FIR related to the Lahore bomb blast in 1990 for which he has been convicted. He said the main prosecution witness Shaukat Salim later retracted his statement and said it was given under police pressure.As regards his alleged confession, the PCI chairman said Sarabjit's own version was that he had illegally gone to Pakistan for doing liquor trade and was arrested there and falsely implicated in the blast case.\"...He has already spent 21 years in death row when he does not know when he would be hanged. This is enough to drive one mad. I sincerely urge you to show mercy and exercise your power of pardon in his case,\" Katju said reminding how in his previous letters he had quoted Portia from Merchant of Venice and poet Faiz Ahmed Faiz to make a case for mercy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17319307", "title": "End of Ajmal Kasab: City says its piece", "text": "LUDHIANA: The execution of Ajmal Amir Kasab, accused in the 26/11 Mumbai attacks had city residents glued to their television sets. People either sat transfixed as news of Kasab's execution came in or logged on to social networking sites to exchange views on the matter. Kasab was hanged at the Yerwada jail in Pune at 7:30am and was reportedly buried in the same jail. TOI talked to a cross-section of residents for their take.Every Indian should be happy that Kasab has finally been hanged and so am I. I feel what matters is punishing those overtly and covertly responsible for the attack that claimed innocent lives, spreading terror not only in Mumbai but across the country. Dr Narottam Dewan | finance secretary, Indian Medical Association, PunjabI am happy about it. Many thought that the case would hang fire for years in the typical Indian fashion. If terror activities are to be controlled, stringent action is required Gundeep Khurana | timber merchant, Urban Estate, DugriJudicial procedures have to be expedited, especially in cases of terror activity. It's good at least Ajmal Kasab has been hanged and some respect has been shown to victims of the Mumbai attacks. Several judicial reforms are needed for long-term change but the will for the same is missing Raman Kaushal | advocate, Rishi NagarKasab's execution has strengthened people's faith in the law of the land. Terrorism and terrorists should not be linked to any religion. No religious leader should be involved in this case as no religion condones terrorism Mohammad Usman Rehman Ludhianvi | Naib Shahi Imam, PunjabI feel like bursting fire crackers as the government has acted well, though a bit late. We need to emulate the Americans who care for their citizens. They did not rest till they had taken out Osama bin Laden in Pakistan. We treat terrorists like state guests at times, encouraging such barbarism Viney Sagar | businessman, resident of Bharat Nagar ChowkIt is a great moment for the country. But we need a strong policy against terrorists. All other cases should be expedited and the guilty should be punished in accordance with the law Kawaljeet Singh | student, Rajguru Nagar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "17316174", "title": "Court to hear Asif Ali Zardari case from December 5", "text": "LAHORE: In what could spell trouble for Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari , a court on Wednesday said it would hear a contempt of court petition filed against him for holding the political post of chief of the Pakistan People's Party on a day-to-day basis from December 5.A five-judge bench of the Lahore HC headed by Chief Justice Umar Ata Bandial made the observation when it resumed hearing Munir Ahmad's petition against Zardari for holding a political office despite HC's suggestion last year that he give up the post of PPP chief. A K Dogar, the counsel for Ahmad, argued that Zardari was also violating a order issued by the SC that said the President should be non-partisan and have no political affiliations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315625", "title": "Nitin Gadkari says not afraid of any probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Facing charges of dubious funding of his companies and demands from within the party to quit from his post, BJP chief Nitin Gadkari on Wednesday claimed that he was clean, adding that he did not fear any probe as he had not done any wrong.\"There is an attempt to defame us. We are clean. There is no need to fear and we are ready to face any probe. I want to assure you that we have not done anything wrong,\" Gadkari said while addressing a BJP protest rally at Jantar Mantar.The BJP rally was organized by its Delhi unit and attended by senior leaders including Rajnath Singh, Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, Vijay Kumar Malhotra, Vijay Goel and Vijender Gupta. After the rally, Rajnath Singh led a march to the prime minister's residence and courted arrest at Parliament Street police station. Gadkari did not court arrest.Attacking the UPA government, Gadkari charged Congress with misusing the CBI by threatening anyone who spoke against it or exposed its \"wrongdoings and corruption\". \"There is loot in this country. BJP has been exposing this government's corruption and scams. That is why there is an attempt to defame us,\" he said.\"Congress is misusing the CBI against Mayawati, Mulayam, Shibu Soren, DMK's ministers and NCP and other allies by threatening them with CBI files and cases. False allegations have also been levelled against the BJP. The Congress says if you speak against us, we will destroy you. Whosoever wants to probe, can probe. We are not scared,\" Gadkari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17315264", "title": "Labourer nabbed for extortion attempt", "text": "GURGAON: Vijay Shankar Upadhyay, a native of Bihar, has been arrested by Manesar police for allegedly demanding Rs 1 lakh as extortion money from an IMT Manesar-based multinational company (MNC) through a letter to the company.The accused has been identified as a labour class youth who confessed during interrogation to having committed the crime out of greed. Police have interrogated him and will be producing him in a city court on Thursday.According to police, K K Ahuja, Head corporate (HR &amp; IR) of Napino Auto and Electronics Ltd, IMT Manesar, had lodged a complaint with Manesar police on Tuesday against an unknown person. The complaint said that someone had send an extortion letter between November 5 and 11 demanding Rs 1 lakh.The complainant showed the letter which asked the company officials to deposit Rs 1 lakh in his account or else he would kidnap the manager of the company. Warning the company of dire consequences if it did not follow his instruction, he gave his account number in letter, thereby making it easy for police to nab him.Police arrested Upadhyay after tracing him through his bank account details. He had been working as a labourer in Manesar for the past few months.\"The accused has confessed to his crime and we will produce him in a city court on Thursday,\" said ASI Braham Prakash, the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17317665", "title": "Environment club inaugurated in Tamil Nadu Agricultural University", "text": "COIMBATORE: An environment club was inaugurated at the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU) on Wednesday.Speaking on the sidelines of the function, K Kalidas from OSAI, a city-based NGO said, \"environmental and green movements in Coimbatore and surrounding regions are necessary to save the catchment areas and the water resources in the region.\"\"Coimbatore has a rich source of catchment basins and tanks which are being polluted. A joint effort by the residents as well as the environmental lovers in the region should help in saving them,\" he added.K Shivashankar, a retired professor of Agronomy, who delivered the inaugural address said that pollution was a contributing factor to an increase in the temperature and sea-level. An aggressive method needs to folloed while spreading awareness about environment. The message should reach students in schools, colleges as well as the general public , he said.The increase in population was posing huge challenges in the areas of food production. At the same time, the agricultural land of the country is coming down drastically. The intrusion of the sea level into the land is also a concern. Efforts and campaigns to plant more and more trees, and convey the message on environment is the need of the hour, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17315622", "title": "Lucknow Christian Degree College to celebrate 150 years of academic glory", "text": "LUCKNOW: It's celebration time at Lucknow Christian Degree College, the first Methodist College of India which completes its 150 years of existence on Thursday. To mark the sesquicentennial celebrations, the college will hold various functions for the next two days, which will be attended by MCI bishops.The college will begin with unveiling the anniversary wall of the Social Centre dedicated to Giri Lal Gupta, the oldest living alumni of the college who has donated Rs 1.70 crore for the development of the social centre. Utilising the amount, the college has developed a modern auditorium with a capacity of 200. Gupta studied in the college from 1936-38 and pursued intermediate with science.The event will be followed by release of special cancellation and first day cover of 150th anniversary created by the Indian Post Office. Talking to reporters, college manager SW Prasad and principal DA Harrison said on this auspicious occasion a thanksgiving service has been organised. On Friday, there will be a book release featuring historical review of past 150 years of the college. The book is titled 'Legacy'. On the same day, college souvenir will also be released. In the evening, college archives and museums will be inaugurated.On the occasion, college media in-charge Moulindu Mishra said, \"This is just the beginning. There will be a lot of cultural, sports and dramatics activities organised for children throughout the year.'' The college has illustrious alumni including former president Zakir Hussain , Firaq Gorakhpuri, Shivpal Yadav, Arun Nehru and vice president of India Hamid Ansari .Inside the main college building, there is a clock tower which is 99 years old. The clock was installed here in 1913 and will complete 100 years in 2013. It has been ticking for a 100 years and is similar to Big Ben in London .The first college building came up in 1891 and came to be known as Reid Hall. In 1921, it was turned into college of physical education when EW (Ted) Mumby visited the college. He was the one who became instrumental in introducing a comprehensive programme of physical education by establishment of first Christian College of Physical Education in LCC in North India. Ted was the one who coached India's first team to the Olympics.The pioneering work of the physical education college was given recognition by Central and state governments. Every year, the college trains students to join schools and colleges as physical education teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17315812", "title": "Maitreya Project shifted from Kushinagar to Bihar's Bodhgaya", "text": "LUCKNOW: It's official now. The much talked-about Maitreya Project, featuring a 500-foot giant statue of Buddha, has pulled out of Uttar Pradesh and would now be set up at Bihar's Bodhgaya. However, the Bodhgaya project is a much scaled-down version of UP's plan. The project was to come up in Kushinagar in eastern UP where Buddha attained his mahaparinirvana.In an official announcement, Lama Zopa Rinpoche, the spiritual director of the project, said, \"the Maitreya statue will now be built in Bodhgaya, but due to restrictions there, the statue won't be as tall as originally planned (500 feet); now it is going to be 150 feet in height.\"The Maitreya Project was shifted as three successive government of Uttar Pradesh failed to provide sufficient land for the project. \"For the past nine years we have worked hard with the state government but because of very difficult issues regarding land acquisition, with the approval of His Holiness the Dalai Lama we have now decided to build the Maitreya Statue in Bodhgaya,\" the Lama said.Rinpoche confirmed that Peter Kedge, chief executive officer of the project, has been removed and Nita Ing has replaced him. \"Peter also worked for many years in India, bearing many hardships and experiencing problems and difficulties there. The key difficulty, however, has been acquiring sufficient land together in one parcel. There have also been other significant setbacks, such as major donors being unable to fulfill their commitments through difficult economic conditions and untimely death,\" said the official website of the project.He hope that the project would take off in Bihar for the larger interest of the people. \"Maitreya is the Buddha of the future who, will teach the path of loving kindness and the place where he attained enlightenment is good for spreading his message,\" said a local Buddhist monk.-", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17316507", "title": "Revised cost estimate for Theog-Rohru road project submitted to World Bank", "text": "SHIMLA: After terminating the Rs 228-crore Theog-Hatkoti-Rohru road project contract given to a Chinese company, now the state government has submitted revised estimates to the World Bank for completion of work.Since 2008 when the project was awarded to the Chinese company, its cost has escalated by about 30%. 60% of the apple produce, out of the Rs 2,500 crore apple economy in the state, passes through this road. After working out the revised cost estimates for completing the work, state road project officials last week held a meeting to discuss intricacies involved in the work. Confirming the development, state road projects chief engineer Naresh Sharma said they have started preparing tender documents as after the lifting of model code of conduct work on the project would be speeded up. \"We have decided to complete tender related formalities by March-April so that work could start in the next financial year itself,\" he said.During the assembly elections, bad condition of this 81-km road was a major issue with both Congress and BJP blaming each other. It was not the Congress alone that was cornering the state government for delay in completion of this road work. In response to a question from Bharatiya Janata Party MLA from Rohru Khushi Ram Balnatah too had accused his own government of not doing enough to complete the work. PWD minister Gulab Singh had informed the state assembly on August 29 that contract for the road project stood terminated with effect from August 11, 2012.The minister had said that inadequate funding, very slow progress of work, non-mobilization of resources like machinery, manpower and materials as per the requirement and failure to execute maintenance work were the main reasons for termination of the contract.The project was awarded to Chinese government backed Longijian Road and Bridge Company on February 22, 2008. As the government had fixed a deadline of 36 months to complete work, the project was slated to be completed by June 4, 2011. After the firm sought an extension, the state government had set a fresh deadline of June 20, 2013 but when the contract was terminated on August 11 this year, the company had completed only 26% road work. Out of 14 proposed bridges on the stretch, not even a single bridge was constructed in last five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17316037", "title": "Gehlot government plans massive campaign to highlight its achievements", "text": "JAIPUR: The Ashok Gehlot government, which completes four years in office next month, hopes to walk into the election year with large-scale public programmes highlighting its achievements.The chief minister on Wednesday presided over a meeting of council of ministers during which detailed discussions were held over the agenda to celebrate four years in office.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot collected feedback from the members of the council over the grievances with regard to governance. According to sources, most complaints received and narrated by the members from the rural areas were about inadequate power supply, need for repair and re-carpeting of roads and immediate need to fill up the vacant posts of teachers in the primary and secondary schools. \"The chief minister made a note of the complaints and with regard to inadequate power supply, said that the state had taken special measures and the power supply in rural areas will improve from Thursday itself,'' said one of the attendees of the meeting.According to sources, the ministers, including parliamentary secretaries, were directed to extensively travel to the districts they are in-charge of and lead pro-government campaign which promote the achievements. Reports suggest that special district-level committees will be formed for planning and co-ordination.Review of preparations for Prashasan Sehron Ke Sang, which was launched on Wednesday along with the proposed Prashasan Gaon Ke Sang, which will begin on January 9, was also done during the meeting. \"Prashasan Sehron Ke Sang is the first of its kind massive campaign during which lakhs of colonies would be regularized. Ministers themselves will regularly attend the camps and would make efforts to ensure maximum benefit for the people,'' said industries minister Rajendra Pareek.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315490", "title": "India to get $70bn in remittances in 2012: World Bank", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will receive $70 billion in remittance flows in 2012, followed by China with $66 billion, a new World Bank report showed on Wednesday, but it said that the high cost of sending money was acting as an obstacle to growth of such flows.Remittance flows to the developing world are expected to exceed earlier estimates and total $406 billion this year, an increase of 6.5% over the previous year, according to the report on global migration and remittances.Economists said the robust remittances would have help cushion incomes and the current account deficit against the backdrop of slowing growth in India and augured well for Asia's third-largest economy.Remittances to developing countries are projected to grow by 7.9% in 2013, 10.1% (2014) and 10.7% (2015) to reach $534 billion in 2015.According to the report the top recipients of officially recorded remittances for 2012 are India ($70 billion), China ($66 billion), the Philippines and Mexico ($24 billion each), and Nigeria ($21 billion). Other large recipients include Egypt, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Vietnam, and Lebanon.The World Bank's Migration and Development report said that worldwide remittances, including those to high-income countries, are expected to total $534 billion this year, and projected to grow to $685 billion in 2015.However, despite the growth in remittance flows overall to developing countries, the continuing global economic crisis is dampening remittance flows to some regions, with Europe and Central Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa especially affected, while South Asia and the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) are expected to fare much better than previously estimated.\"Although migrant workers are, to a large extent, adversely affected by the slow growth in the global economy, remittance volumes have remained remarkably resilient, providing a vital lifeline to not only poor families but a steady and reliable source of foreign currency in many poor remittances recipient countries,\" said Hans Timmer, director of the Bank's Development Prospects Group.Regions and countries with large numbers of migrants in oil exporting countries continue to see robust growth in inward remittance flows, compared with those whose migrant workers are largely concentrated in the advanced economies, especially western Europe.South Asia, MENA and East Asia and Pacific regions, with large numbers of workers in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries, are seeing better-than-expected growth in remittances. For South Asia, remittances in 2012 are expected to total $109 billion, an increase of 12.5% over 2011; East Asia and Pacific region, is estimated to attract $114 billion, an increase of 7.2% over 2011; while MENA is expected to receive $47 billion, an increase of 8.4% over the previous year.Going forward, the bank expects continued growth in remittance flows to all regions of the world, although persistent unemployment in Europe and hardening attitudes towards migrant workers in some places present serious downside risks.Another obstacle to growth of remittance flows is the high cost of sending money, which averaged 7.5% in the third quarter of 2012 for the top 20 bilateral remittance corridors and 9% for all countries for which cost data are available.The report said that the promise of mobile remittances has yet to be fulfilled, despite the skyrocketing use of mobile telephones throughout the developing world. Mobile remittances fall in the regulatory void between financial and telecom regulations, with many central banks prohibiting non-bank entities to conduct financial services. \"Central banks and telecommunication authorities, thus, need to come together to craft rules relating to mobile remittances,\" the report added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320414", "title": "'India Festival' in UAE to be a huge hit", "text": "The third edition the 'India Festival', a cultural and entertainment event that is organised by the Indian Social and Cultural Centre (ISC) in Abu Dhabi, is expected to attract more than 30,000 visitors, organisers of the event have said.They confirmed that the three-day event will be held at the ISC premises in Al Mina area from December 6 to 8, and added that a part of the proceeds of the occasion would be used to help illegal Indian workers, who will be seeking amnesty declared by the UAE Ministry of Interior.\"The help to the amnesty seekers will be part of the charity work to be conducted by the centre with the proceeds from the event,\" Thomas John, the honorary president of the ISC, told Gulf News.According to the report, the entry ticket for all three days costs Dh 15, which includes a chance to win a car (Peugeot 208) and 50 other prizes in a mega raffle.Over 100 artists from India and the UAE will perform on the three days, while M.K. Lokesh, the Indian Ambassador to the UAE will be the chief guest for the inaugural ceremony on December 6, the report said.Cultural troupes from Sri Lanka, Indonesia and Philippines will also take part in the festival, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17316067", "title": "Sheila Dikshit against DMRC taking up Kochi project", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a setback to Kerala's proposal to involve Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) for its upcoming Kochi Metro and two key monorail projects, chief minister Oommen Chandy's request did not find favour with his Delhi counterpart Sheila Dikshit . This is likely to have adverse impact on the monorail projects announced by the state government.Sources said Dikshit wrote to Chandy and also to the Centre on November 19 highlighting how DMRC has a huge task in the capital including the operation and maintenance of the entire network and under such circumstances it would be impossible to undertake any external work by the corporation. DMRC has already launched its phase-III work in Delhi and is likely to start phase-IV during the current five year plan.Last month, Chandy had urged Dikshit to permit DMRC to take up the Kochi Metro and monorail projects in Thiruvananthapuram and Kozhikode as DMRC needed permission of its board to take up projects outside Delhi.While Kozhikode monorail will be 14.5 km long, Thiruvananthapuram monorail will cover 41.8 km. There are reports that feasibility studies for the projects have been completed by National Transportation Planning and Research Centre and DMRC has handed over a detailed project report (DPR) for the Kozhikode project.There are clear signs that DMRC's withdrawal from Kozhikode monorail project will delay the project further. The state government has already taken a decision to appoint DMRC as consultant for the project and plans to give it the construction works.Kerala government had announced the Kozhikode project in February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316366", "title": "'Kamte was waiting to prove himself\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHENNAI: Just a week before additional commissioner of police Ashok Kamte died in a gunfight with terrorists during the 2008 Mumbai attacks, his friend and classmate Shakeel Akhter met him and had a long chat with him about policing.Akhter, a Tamil Nadu cadre IPS official, who is currently inspector general, headquarters, Chennai, was part of the 1989 police academy batch with Kamte. He remembers Kamte as a large-hearted friend.Most of their discussions were on policing, recalls Akhter, an encounter specialist who led the commando force that gunned down four Al-Mujahideen militants in Bangalore in 2002. \"He was upset with the system, which he felt was debilitating. He felt frustrated, said his hands were tied. He kept saying that he was waiting for a good opportunity to prove himself. He wanted some serious action. I told him that there was nothing to prove as his capabilities were already proven,\" said Akhter. Kamte comes from a family with a long line of officers. His grandfather was the first inspector general of Maharashtra and his father was an army officer. \"Every police officer looks forward to some action, but Kamte was just passionate about it,\" said Akhter, adding that Kamte was not afraid to stand up to authority and recalled an incident when he had a tiff with politicians when he was posted in Solapur.Kamte put his job before everything else. A few months before Kamte died, his father was to undergo an operation. Kamte had applied for leave, which was sanctioned. But when he realized that the Prime Minister was visiting Mumbai, he cancelled the leave and postponed his father's operation, recalls Akhter.When Akhter met Kamte in Mumbai just before the terror attack, his wife, a lawyer, was in Pune. \"He called her to Mumbai because I was visiting, and she served us a wonderful meal. Kamte was a foodie and loved non-vegetarian food,\" he said. The two also travelled to Vicenza in Italy for a month's training in January 2008.Since both Kamte and Akhter were part of the same squad in the academy, they were together in all activities such as sports, drill and weapons training. \"He was a boxer and won some national awards too. Even during the course of the training, he was given permission to participate in boxing competitions. He never missed a day's physical exercise,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17317000", "title": "New art gallery to be inaugurated next month", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The new air conditioned art gallery behind the Town Hall will be inaugurated in the second week of the December, said Kerala Lalit Kala Akademi chairman K A Francis.Speaking to mediapersons at the gallery here on Wednesday he said that the akademi will approach M T Vasudevan Nair to inaugurate the gallery. \"The day of the inauguration will be fixed after holding talk with MT,\" he said. If the corporation permits, the inauguration function can be conducted on the occasion of the golden jubilee celebrations of the corporation,\" he said.Francis said the akademi will submit a project proposal to the corporation on the occasion of golden jubilee celebrations. The akademi is planning to make the art gallery a platform for artists to meet up and conduct get-together and programmes. \"The akademi is planning to upgrade the art gallery to the level of international standards and facilities to conduct poster exhibition and drama are also planned,\" he said. \"Artists can book programmes in advance. The akademi is also planning to implement a proposal worth Rs 25 lakh at the Iringal craft village,\" he said.Referring to the incident of breaking of front glass of the entrance gate of the art gallery on November 15, he said the engineers who inspected the site said the glass was broken because of pressure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315331", "title": "Kasab execution: Mostly \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcthumbs-up\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 on foreign sites", "text": "NEW DELHI: A foreign news agency story headlined 'Mumbai attacks gunman Ajmal Kasab hanged' drew over 150 comments by 7pm on Wednesday on the web site of prominent Pakistan daily Dawn. Interestingly, several of the comments were posted by Indians, or so they claimed. Most, cutting across borders, appeared to be on the same page on the hanging. Many felt a terrorist deserved the harshest punishment.One Maulana Arshad Khan posted the following comment, \"All terrorists must face the same treatment whether in Pakistan or India. The world is for peace. No religion teaches terrorism. It is a few dirty-minded individuals who enjoy killing innocent people. Such people must be hanged in public view. All Pakistanis should expose terror minds living in Pakistan soil.\" It got 91 approvals and only one disapproval, till 7pm.Another comment by one Divya drew a huge response. She wrote, \"This is sad and tragic, to be very honest! Kasab was just a misguided young boy who never got an opportunity to have education, never got an opportunity to live life with dignity. Worst is, the country, the land, the people he fought and died for, didn't even acknowledge his being, didn't mourn his death and didn't even bother to give him a burial. Instead, the land he waged the war against, gave him a place to rest in peace, forever! I am proud of my country, I am proud of India, at least we're human!\" It got 209 thumbs-up and 25 thumbs-down.Several comments were anti-Kasab, prompting one Mohit to write, \"I must say of course after reading the comments here, terrorists are not supported by Pakistani mass. Good for subcontinent. Kasab got what he deserved.\"On most Pakistani news sites, the Quetta blast that killed five got a more prominent display. On The News International web site, the hanging did not even feature among the five hot topics of the day, at 4.30pm.The home page had only one story\u00e2\u20ac\u201dPakistan ignored message on Kasab's execution. It was the seventh most viewed story on The Nation site.The web site of Frontier Post, published from Peshwar, highlighted the comments made by LeT and Tehrik-i-Taliban. A local Taliban spokesperson had said, \"There is no doubt that it's very shocking news and a big loss that a Muslim has been hanged on Indian soil.\"An article by Gardiner Harris put out on The New York Times web site said analysts in both India and Pakistan are of the view that it was unlikely to derail improving ties. The report quoted Tariq Fatemi, a retired Pakistani senior diplomat, saying some extremist groups would be angered by the hanging but that many other Pakistanis, including senior government officials, had been \"deeply embarrassed\" by Kasab and the Mumbai attacks. Fatemi further said, \"There is a virtual consensus among Pakistan's mainstream political parties on the importance of keeping the process on the rails and even promoting it.\"A Washington Post article quoted Meenakshi Ganguly, south Asia director of Human Rights Watch , as saying, \"The hanging of Ajmal Kasab marks a concerning end to the country's moratorium on capital punishment. Instead of resorting to the use of execution to address heinous crime, India should join the rising ranks of nations that have taken the decision to remove the death penalty from their legal frameworks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17316981", "title": "Curtains up on the \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcdark side\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "Packed with rib-tickling humour, great acting skills and a social, metaphysical but very personal message, a play by students of DAV College, Sector 10, has been intriguing people across the country. It is the brainchild of students who have made it to the national level youth festival for the fifth consecutive year.The play blazed through the zonal, inter-zonal and inter-university youth festival this year to storm the nationals. Students will have to compete with nine teams from all over India at West Bengal in February 2013, but as those who have watched the play know, they are already winners. What makes the play, \" Sabse Bura Kaun\", such a hit is that students have bravely broken stereotypes, even those reinforced over millennia.They picked up strong negative characters, actually, the strongest negative characters in the \"Ramayana\" and \"Mahabharata\" and related their diabolical evil to the deepest, darkest recesses in every \"common\" individual. The play makes the centuries old epic battles far more personal and contemporary. The plot suggests that the battlefield is in the here and now, the mind and victory depends on the decision to succumb to darker instincts or resist. The gist is, \"Ravana and Shakuni are alive and kicking in every human heart\".Moving from the epics, the play skillfully weaves the theme into the more understandable examples of film villains such as Mogambo and Gabbar Singh. The point made is the same. The real evil lies inside, you don't have to guffaw loudly to manifest it, a dark thought is quite enough.\"When we indulge in corruption and other social evils at an individual level, the real trouble starts. Rather than changing society, we must look within,\" Sarthak Narula, president of Aaghaaz Dramatics Club, DAV College, Sector 10 said.His conviction finds expression in the play, but there's a surprise. Instead of the contemplative, philosophical tone one would expect from such a plot, the narrative is light hearted, humorous but cutting. The dialogues are hilarious, the message, unforgettable. The best part is, it all flows spontaneously, straight from the hearts of students who know they believe in what they say.\"From dialogues to script and direction, everything is being done by students. We have not hired professionals like some of the other teams,\" Sameer, vice-president of the club, said.According to Paran Duggal, club general secretary, the highlight of the play is its conclusion. \"The essence of the play lies in its end,\" he said. Faculty in charge Ravinder Chaudhry lauded the herculean effort students put in to create a masterpiece.\"These self-motivated students have put in weeks of hard labour. The club alumni have been source of inspiration though,\" he said. That does not comes as a surprise, considering that the alumni comprise the likes of Ayushmann Khuranna.The theatre artistes par excellence belong to streams like BA, BCA, BSc, BSc (biotech). Masters degree students are also part of the team. The students will represent Panjab University at Kalyani University in West Bengal from February 5 to 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17315955", "title": "Judge Tahaliyani's verdict laid the foundation", "text": "NAGPUR: On a day when lone surviving terrorist of 26/11 Mumbai attack Mohammed Ajmal Mohammed Amir Kasab alias Abu Mujahid was hanged, the entire country was praising the role of President Pranab Mukhejee, Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan for expediting the case. Though they may deserve the kudos, the contribution of Gondia-based judge Madan Laxmandas Tahaliyani couldn't be ignored. Tahaliyani, now posted in Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court, had delivered a near perfect judgment in Kasab case as an additional sessions judge of Greater Mumbai.Tahaliyani completed his law degree from Gondia's Natwarlal Maniklal Dalal College and started practising in May 1977. Initially, he worked under lawyer Dada Deshkar at Chandrapur and then became assistant public prosecutor at Gadchiroli on December 14, 1979. He worked in that capacity for seven years at various courts in Gadchiroli, Sironcha, Desaiganj and Warora before moving to Mumbai as metropolitan magistrate.His wordings and citing of various IPC sections in Kasab case were so perfect that even Supreme Court praised him. The apex court went on to recommend that trial court records of Kasab's case dictated by Tahaliyani should be included in curriculum of the National Judicial Authority and the judicial authorities of the different states as a model for criminal trial proceedings. The SC judges termed him a \"true flag-bearer of rule of law in this country\".\"In the course of hearing, we came to know the trial judge Tahaliyani. From the records, he appears to be a stern, no-nonsense person and a true flag bearer of the rule of law in this country. The manner in which he conducted the trial and maintained the records is exemplary,\" the apex court bench of justices Aftab Alam and CK Prasad, which upheld the Tahaliyani's verdict, had observed.\"We hold that in the facts of the case the death penalty is the only sentence that can be given to the appellant. We hold accordingly and affirm the convictions and sentences of the appellant passed by the trial court and affirmed by the Bombay High Court,\" the SC judges added.Even Special Public Prosecutor in the trial Ujjwal Nikam lauded Tahaliyani's near perfect verdict stating that it laid a platform for death penalty for the dreaded terrorist. \"The trial was conducted in the fast track mode by Tahaliyani without a break. He used to work even on holidays for ensuring a fair trial and his observations were immaculate. He used to ask pointed questions to witnesses and also handled the accused in a proper manner even though Kasab used to throw tantrums,\" Nikam said.Justice Tahaliyani started trials of this attack on Indian soil on May 6, 2009, and delivered the judgment in within a year on May 6, 2010, sentencing Kasab to the gallows for killing 148 and injuring over 248. The high court upheld this verdict on February 21 last year. Kasab, lodged at Mumbai's Arthur Road Jail, then filed Special Leave Petition (SLP) in the Supreme Court. Tahaliyani was elevated as high court judge on March 18 last year. The top court confirmed death penalty to Kasab on August 29. The Pakistani-born terrorist filed a mercy plea with the President Mukherjee's office which was rejected on November 8. TOI had reported about this case on August 31 but Justice Tahaliyani refused to comment on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17316384", "title": "School with Gandhian roots leaves no child behind", "text": "AHMEDABAD: At a time when schools in the city demand exorbitant fees citing qualified teachers and infrastructure, here is a school in the Walled City where teachers chip in to finance the education of poor children. The foundation of this school was laid by Mahatma Gandhi himself back in 1920.Every year, the 30-odd teachers of Vanita Vishram Girls' School in Gotini Sheri, Khadia donate Rs 1,000 each towards a common fund of about Rs 50,000. The money comes handy for paying the fees of poor students and meeting their expenses for uniforms. There are around 1,600 students in the school, many of whom can't afford the basic Rs 400 annual fees, said the administrators of the school.Superintendent of the school Bhadresh Jhaveri had told TOI a few months ago about how 250 students were helped with the common fund every year. The financial assistance is a closely guarded secret at the school. \"The common fund was started in 2005, when the school administration found that a number of students were not paying fees for months,\" says a senior administrator.A meeting was called for the parents who could not pay up - many of them were daily-wagers, and both parents were involved in petty labor to earn a living.The school took a decision that financial hardships should not become the sole cause for dropouts. One of the school officials told TOI, \"Interestingly for the last seven years, we have observed that it's the families of the brightest girls who have problems with the fees. It was then that all the teachers volunteered at the school to contribute.\"Vanita Vishram Girls' School has Gandhian roots. It was originally started in 1906 in a small space, but the foundation of a new and much larger campus near Raipur Darwaja was laid by Mahatma Gandhi in 1920. Started before the freedom struggle, the school has been witness to Ahmedabad's rich heritage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316409", "title": "HC upholds GO 610; repatriated staff told to join duty", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court on Wednesday upheld the GOs 610 and 674 that were challenged by a group of state government employees who were repatriated. The high court asked all the aggrieved employees to join duty at the place of their new posting before going for an appeal.Upholding the powers of the state in implementing local reservations under Article 371(D) of the Constitution and, in accordance with the presidential order, the bench said that the state was very much within its rights to issue GO 610 (intended to rectify anomalies in this regard) and GO 674 (for repatriating those employees who were posted in violation of local reservations). The bench of justice V Eswaraiah and justice N Ravishankar also disposed nearly 1600 petitions that were filed by employees of various departments challenging their repatriation. The bench, in its order, said that the two GOs did not violate the presidential order which envisages 80 percent reservations to local employees and 20 percent on merit basis.In the case of teacher posts which were filled erroneously in the 70:30 ratio in the past, pointing to Centre's 2001 advice to state to follow 80:20 ratio, the bench said that the decision could be implemented prospectively and not retrospectively. However, the bench said that local reservations can be fixed at 70 per cent for teacher posts that were filled prior to 2001 for the purpose of repatriation. The bench directed the government to refer the issue pertaining to teacher transfers to the educational authorities concerned to prepare fresh lists in accordance with this direction.The state government had earlier appointed a one-man judicial commission to look into the grievances of the employees in this regard. The bench in its Wednesday's judgment directed that all those aggrieved employees falling under the categories - compassionate appointees, physically handicapped, spouse related cases - can submit their representations to the judicial commission or to the government only after joining at their new stations of posting to which they were transferred. The government or the commission would then consider their pleas and appropriate action would be taken, the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319904", "title": "Indian cinema not scared of Hollywood: Anurag Basu", "text": "Noted filmmaker Anurag Basu has said that \"while cinema industry of the entire world is wary of Hollywood, we (Indian cinema) are not scared of it.\"\"We stand tall while most of the film industries all over world have suffered because of Hollywood. But we are not scared,\" Anurag Basu said at an event.Anurag Basu, who has directed films like Barfi!, Metro and Murder , said he is not wary of releasing his films clashing with the Hollywood ones.\"I am not scared to release my film along with movies like Spiderman or a Tom Cruise flick,\" he said.The director claimed that \"soon Hollywood will have to see our release calender before releasing their movie.\" \"They will release their films according to release of our movies,\" he said.Mr Basu termed himself \"a small part of this lovely journey of the Indian cinema.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17318930", "title": "BJP city president calls Congress anti poor", "text": "INDORE: Criticizing the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre for FDI in retail sector, BJP city president Shankar Lalwani on Wednesday said the Congress is anti poor and seems to have evolved strategies to suffocate the poor in the country. He said this at a dharna organized at Sanjay Sethu in protest against the decision of UPA government to allow FDI in retail sector.MP state BJP vice-president Anju Makhija said even New York Times had leveled corruption allegations against the Wal-Mart . He said allowing FDI in retail sector would be detrimental for the country. While MLA Sudarshan Gupta said the allegations leveled against 'some' for allowing the FDI has turned out to be true. He said the news about bribing some people of Rs 54 crore to allow FDI in the country is now proving correct.Meanwhile, BJP workers celebrated the hanging of Kasab in Pune's Yerwada jail. They distributed sweets on the occasion, and burst crackers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17317160", "title": "No directives from BCCI: MCA", "text": "MUMBAI: Contrary to media reports that suggested that BCCI had instructed the Mumbai Cricket Association to dish out a track that turns from Day 1 as per Indian skipper MS Dhoni's wishes, MCA sources told TOI late on Wednesday that there have been no such instructions. \"What Dhoni is asking for is illegal according to ICC's code of conduct. Both he and the association will face trouble if we prepare a poor track,\" said an MCA official.\"We have never received such requests from earlier Indian captains. Even when Mohd Azharuddin was winning all those Tests at home, he used to only tell the maalis to use less water. That's it. Dhoni's demands border on the ridiculous and highlight his desperation. Dhoni is asking for rank turners because he knows his bowlers, unlike Graeme Swann , are not fit to bowl long spells,\" the official thundered.Informing that the second Test between India and England will be played on the centre pitch from Friday, the official said that the toss will be vital. \"It'll be the same wicket that Mumbai played Railways on. It was a high-scoring match. There will be slow turn but the bounce will be better than it was in Ahmedabad. We started preparing the wicket 10 days ago. We cannot suddenly prepare a turning pitch. At the most we can stop watering the surface and leave it a little dry,\" he informed.The official cited the 2004 Test between India and Australia that was virtually a two-day affair. \"The ICC was severe in its criticism after the Australians lodged an official complaint. One of their legendary players was so disgusted that he spat on the pitch after his team's 12-run defeat. The curator even lost his job. We don't want a repeat,\" he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17316839", "title": "Kolkata chokes as vehicles duck pollution test", "text": "KOLKATA: If you are wondering why you still feel choked on Kolkata's streets in spite of all the anti-pollution drives by the government, look around. More than 75% of the vehicles you see at any given time have ducked the mandatory pollution control test.The state government has banned commercial vehicles older than 15 years from the Kolkata metropolitan area (KMA). Autorickshaws switched to LPG. And after April 2010, only Bharat Stage-IV vehicles can be registered in the city. The area around Victoria Memorial has been declared a no-go zone for buses and heavy vehicles. Yet, there is no noticeable improvement in the air quality. The pollution parameters are 20% to 50% higher than safe limits at many parts of the city.The reason is that only 24% vehicles are actually turning up for the pollution-under-control (PUC) certificate. There has been hardly any enforcement since the initial days of the ban on 15-year-old commercial vehicles in 2008-09.What makes it worse is that many of the auto emission testing centres (AETC) have not been properly calibrated so a clean chit from them may not necessarily mean a green chit.\"With no enforcement in vogue, the urgency for getting a PUC certificate has somehow been lost,\" said an emission tester. Also, unlike Mumbai and Delhi, where renewal of PUC is a quarterly affair, in Kolkata it is bi-annual.Besides, not all AETCs comply with the rules, say sources. \"In Kolkata 50% AETCs have not renewed their licences and nearly 80% have no annual maintenance contracts so their reports will always be in doubt as the machines are not calibrated,\" said auto-emission consultant Somendra Ghosh.According to the Auto Emission Testers' Association in West Bengal, only 24% of the city's vehicular population turn up for the half-yearly check. \"The vast majority of vehicles go unchecked and continue to pollute the city, putting a big question mark on the relevance of the stringent emission standards,\" said association general secretary A Palchowdhury.\"The government seems to have forgotten the basics. If people do not follow a law, it does make any difference if you have stringent or lax rules. The government has failed miserably in enforcement of pollution rules,\" said a tester.It is the responsibility of the transport department to enforce the law. The penalty for the first offence of not having PUC clearance is Rs 1,800. The second time, the registration of the vehicle can be suspended for 15 days and if the owner fails a third-time, the registration may be cancelled for life. But there is no system yet to check for repeat offences. So, even the few that are caught get off with a Rs 1800-fine.\"We do not have enough inspectors for raids. The Pollution Control Board is supposed to check if the AETCs are functioning properly,\" an official of the public vehicles department said.Experts say that the proper introduction of a smart card would lead to better monitoring of emission tests. The moment a vehicle undergoes an emission test, the smart card would record it, which would show up in the PVD database. It will be easier to identify errant vehicles and repeat offenders.\"Compliance has, in fact, worsened after the upgrade of testing centres from the old mono-gas system to computerised multi-gas analysing system. It is a pretty hopeless situation with air pollution assuming serious proportions,\" said another tester.The problem is worse in the districts. The entire state has only 59 AETCs, of which 47 are in Kolkata. Districts like Hooghly and Nadia have only one AETC each. And North Bengal has none. This unequal distribution of AETCs has made PUC certificate out of bounds for most vehicles which ply beyond Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17323159", "title": "AIDS therapy centres failing to dispel ignorance?", "text": "KANPUR: While the Red Ribbon Express' stay in the city helped enlighten minds towards causes, prevention, symptoms and diagnosis of HIV/AIDS, it also exposed the reality of the city's Anti-Retroviral Therapy (ART) centers which have failed to make even AIDS patients aware of the true nature of their ailment.Diagnosed positive for HIV more than a year ago, Mayank Singh (name changed), an AIDS patient has been undergoing ART treatment for the past 18 months at a city based ART center. Singh however got himself retested for HIV at Red Ribbon Express in the hope that the long treatment at the ART had cured the disease.AIDS is an incurable disease. People can live with AIDS for several years by opting for ART, but the treatment cannot cure HIV or AIDS.It is important to mention here that among the 456 people tested for HIV at the laboratory of Red Ribbon Express during its two day halt in the city, two adults were declared as HIV positive. This information was provided by the counsellor and the city representative of Red Ribbon Express testing laboratory, Prakash Bajpai.\"It is true that one patient who was diagnosed as HIV positive admitted that he was already aware that he was suffering from HIV. He was also registered at an ART center of the city and taking the treatment for the past 18 months. He admitted this after the test was declared positive,\" Bajpai said.He said the patient had come with an NGO which had taken all its members for HIV test. The official however refused to reveal the name of the ART center where Mayank was undergoing treatment.Anti-Retroviral Therapy (ART) Centres conduct treatment of HIV infected persons with provision of free life long supply of antiretroviral drugs. The ART centers are also assigned the task of providing high quality counselling by trained counsellors to the infected person and his/her family.There is only one government ART center running in the industrial city at Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College. There are some privately owned ART centers as well, but they are not fully recognized. Talking to TOI, Dr BP Priyadarshi, nodal officer ART center at GSVM, informed that nearly 2,600 AIDS patients are being given ART treatment at GSVM presently. He said the centre has three counsellors who are well-qualified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17315326", "title": "Inspector Ramesh Mahale was with Kasab till very end", "text": "MUMBAI: Ramesh Mahale, senior police inspector with the city crime branch, questioned Ajmal Kasab a few hours after his capture in 2008 and was with him till he was hanged.Mahale said he did not inform even his family that he was to leave for Pune with Kasab. He spent long hours and even days at a stretch probing the case, which he remembers \"with a sense of pride\".As crime branch in-charge, Mahale took Kasab out of the crime branch compound six times for court visits, medical tests and identification parades, but ensured no one was aware about his movement.His colleagues said it was because of his non-compromising attitude and legal background that he put forth his points strongly. This helped him enjoy the confidence of his seniors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17316929", "title": "Post-injury, top Chandigarh golfer back on the greens", "text": "CHANDIGARH: One of the top city golfers, Sujjan Singh, who was forced out of the circuit due to a fractured wrist, has recovered. He is now all set to play in next week's Rs 1.25 crore McLeod Russel Tour Championship on the PGTI at the Royal Calcutta Golf Club.Sujjan Singh will also play the inaugural Rs 60 lakh Shubhkama Champions hosted by Jeev Milkha Singh at the Noida Golf Club from December 21 to 24. The elite field at the event will comprise the top-30 players of the who's who in Indian golf.Sujjan won twice on the PGTI and also the Taman Dayu Championship in Indonesia on the ADT in July, 2012. \"I have received an invite to play the PGTI Tour Championship. The Asian Tour has been very helpful as it has allowed me to play the Championship and also granted me a medical exemption on the Asian Tour for the 2013 season. My wrist has healed and I am confident it will hold up during the championship next week. I have undergone a strong medical rehabilitation programme to get my wrist ready for action. Doctors at the PGIMER have told me that the wrist will not collapse under the pressure of playing,\" Sujjan told TOI.He played nine championships on the Asian Tour this season besides two on the PGTI and some events on the ADT before he suffered the wrist injury. A hardworking professional, who adheres to a stringent gym regimen and practice sessions at the Chandigarh Golf Association Range, Sujjan says he made the most of the three month lay-off. \"I spent a lot of time with my new-born daughter, Serena. I also read a lot. However, I could not indulge my passion for music as the wrist injury prevented my drumming,'' said Sujjan.Married to the former \"queen of the greens\", Irina Brar, cousin of Indian ace Jeev Milkha Singh's wife, Kudrat, Sujjan, or \"Sooji\" as he is known on the pro Tour, took to golf at a late stage. He was earlier involved in competitive squash and soccer. Despite the disadvantage of height, Sujjan hits the golf ball a long way, and holds the distinction of being the only professional who plays with a full turban. The long lay-off has meant that Sujjan has plunged down the official world golf rankings to stand at 1389, currently after a career high of 751 in April, 2011.\"Tour executive chairman Kyi Hla Han has been supportive of my game after the wrist injury. The medical exemption will accord me the highest priority to enter tournaments next year after the top-60 in the Asian Tour's Order of Merit for 2012,'' said Sujjan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316426", "title": "Hyderabad to host aerospace meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: India will flight test its scramjet engine developed by defence scientists in 2014. Chief controller, Research and Development (Missiles and strategic systems), DRDO Avinash Chander told reporters here on Wednesday that two countries in the world had tested the scramjet engine, but in only one case the flight was successful. \"Scramjet technology is still going through the testing phase,\" he said. A scramjet engine can provide speed up to Mach 12, though India's scramjet engine is said to be aimed at achieving Mach 6 speed which is 5,800 km/hr.The 26th national convention of aerospace engineers and national seminar on 'Expanding frontiers in aerospace technologies - challenges and opportunities' is being organised by the aerospace engineering division board of the Institution of Engineers (India), Andhra Pradesh centre on November 24-25 to discuss these issues.Avinash Chander, who is the co-chairman of the national organising committee, said cyber and space warfare were the new emerging areas where wars would be fought and India will have to prepare for it. During the meet, India's Mars mission will also be discussed. Avinash Chander said the country has been able to leverage the spin offs of space technology for developmental purposes as well. He said the challenge now was also to harness energy from space.Apart from making India capable of handling its defence in the space, he said the challenge was also to come up with technologies that would make space travel and tourism economical.V K Saraswat, scientific advisor to defence minister, will inaugurate the convention and Rajaram Nagappa, distinguished professor, National Institute of Advanced Studies, Bangalore, V Adimurthy, dean, Indian Institute of Science and Technology, Thiruvananthapuram, S K Shiva Kumar, director, Isro Satellite Centre (ISAC) will speak at the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "17317863", "title": "Protests mark World Fisheries Day in south Tamil Nadu", "text": "TUTICORIN: Fishermen in the coastal districts of southern Tamil Nadu staged demonstrations to observe World Fisheries Day by protesting against the nuclear power plant at Kudankulam, which they claimed will affect their livelihood.In Tuticorin, fishermen under the banner of Federation of All Fishermen Associations of Pearl City held a demonstration against the plant. Struggle committee president, Xavier Vaz said they held a protest against the nuclear plant and a petition signed by the heads of 18 coastal villages has been submitted to district administration.In Tirunelveli district, members of various outfits staged a demonstration in front of district collectorate and tried to submit a petition. When they learnt that the collector was not available, they left their petitions in the running waters of Tamirabaranai river as sign of protest.In Kanyakumari district, the World Fisheries Day celebrations turned out to be a forum of expressing their agitations against the plant. At Idinthakarai, people took out a rally and demonstration where PMANE members, S P Udayakumar, M P Jesurajan, M Pushparayan, addressed the gathering. They stressed the government should consider the livelihood of the fishermen before sanctioning major projects, including the nuclear power plant in the coastal regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17318418", "title": "Ajmal Kasab received due process of law and transparent trial: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Ajmal Kasab , the lone surviving terrorist involved in the 2008 Mumbai attacks who has been hanged to death, received due process of law in a full and transparent trial, the US said, asserting that it wants to see the terrorists behind 26/11 brought to justice.\"We've said before that we welcome steps towards justice in the Mumbai attacks. We've said many times before that we want to see the terrorists behind these attacks brought to justice,\" State department spokesman Mark Toner told reporters.\"My understanding is that he received due process in a full and transparent trial and the sentence was carried out,\" Toner said in response to a question.The Washington Post also praised the Indian government for carrying out this execution in secrecy.\"In a country where few things remain secret, where everything is argued in public, and where courts take decades to complete trials, Kasab's swift hanging was a welcome surprise for many,\" the daily said.25-year old Kasab was hanged at 7.30 am in the Yerawada central prison in Pune yesterday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17315496", "title": "Overwhelming response to TOI campaign", "text": "GURGAON: The first day of the Times of India contest, 'Win With The Times', received an overwhelming response from commuters at various traffic intersections on Wednesday.In fact, the rush hour in the morning couldn't dampen the spirit of denizens, who displayed copies of TOI to participate in the contest and win prizes.Many found this idea of promoting traffic rules by showing TOI copies unique and surprising.The campaign was inaugurated by DCP (traffic) Maheshwar Dayal at IFFCO Chowk. Accompanied by ACP (traffic) Ravinder Tomar, Dayal distributed a few of the gifts and inserts to commuters and requested them to follow traffic rules.Dayal appreciated the initiative for sensitizing people on traffic rules by involving the traffic department and said that gifts should also be given to truckers and autorickshaw drivers, who are following traffic rules, so that they spread the message of safe driving among their peers.He also mentioned that gifts were from The Times of India. The activity was conducted at two biggest crossings - IFFCO Chowk and HUDA City Centre - and the response from commuters was overwhelming.Irshad Mir, operations manager, Google India, said, \"I am glad to experience this kind of encouragement from TOI to its readers. I hope that TOI will continue organizing such events in the future as well.\"Deepak Sharma said, \"TOI is a balanced paper. I read it every day. It keeps me updated.\" Sharma appreciated the campaign and added that the initiative would go a long way in inculcating safe driving.In the same way, hundreds of others too drove away with gifts like deodorant sprays, shower gel, etc. Some considered this an incentive for being a TOI reader. Rahul, director with a clothing line company, said, \"I hate to start my day without reading Times of India newspaper.\"Many commuters were seen asking how to participate in the contest, 'Win With The Times'. A few of them came up to the volunteers and said The Times of India group was doing an excellent job. The winners not only have to present a copy of The Times of India to win the instant prizes, but also have to adhere to traffic rules like fastening seat belts, not using mobile phones while driving, not jumping signals and respecting stop lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315663", "title": "Kasab execution: Omar Abdullah takes a dig at the US media on Twitter", "text": "NEW DELHI: After days of total secrecy, when the news of 26/11 terrorist Ajmal Kasab's hanging became public knowledge, it drew wideranging comments on Twitter. Here's TOI's pick of the reactions:Omar Abdullah @abdullah_omar: So Hamas are terrorists but Kasab was a \"gunman\". Well done American media you really call it like it is. *sarcasm*Narendra Modi @narendramodi: What about Afzal Guru , who attacked Parliament, our temple of democracy, in 2001? That offence predates Kasab's heinous act by many years.Taslima Nasreen @taslimanasreen: Millions of Kasabs will be born if we do not stop brainwashing our innocent children with religion. #Kasab #terrorism.Taslima Nasreen @taslimanasreen: Wish #Kasab were killed in an encounter w/ police or by terrorists inside prison. Then we could proudly say 'India is against death penalty'.Mahesh Bhatt @MaheshNBhatt: Are we to say that his life has more sanctity than the life or lives he has taken? Mercy to the guilty is cruelty to the innocent.Anupam Kher @AnupamPkher: Justice may not replace the feeling of loss but it gives strength &amp; hope to continue life with renewed belief in system we live in. #Kasab.Milind Deora @milinddeora: So much for the right-wing sponsored \"Congress is soft on terror\" debate! The Government's actions make me a prouder Indian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17315781", "title": "UPPCL poised to bid for power through exchange", "text": "LUCKNOW: To ensure better availability of power in the state, the UP Power Corporation Ltd (UPPCL) on Wednesday decided to become a trading and self-clearing member of the Power Exchange of India and proprietary member of Indian Energy Exchange. With this, UPPCL will now be able to trade energy on a daily bidding basis, directly from power exchanges across the country.So far, power from energy exchanges is being purchased as a client member through bidding by other agencies. As member of the power exchange, UPPCL will now be able to bid and deal to meet the state's power demands, directly.At present, around 4 per cent of power is purchased from energy exchanges against a daily average of power availability of 8424 MW and restricted demand of 8335 MW.Explaining the advantage of becoming member of power exchanges, principal secretary Energy and chairman UPPCL Anil K Gupta said the decision was taken in view of the prevailing situation of power demand and the need to ensure import of power in a hassle-free manner. A decision to this effect was approved in a meeting of the Board of Directors of UPPCL on Wednesday. The process of acquiring membership of these exchanges is underway already.In another decision, the UPPCL Board also gave its approval to purchase of power at five paise less than the pooled price of the previous year from One Megawatt solar power plant, proposed to be set up at Naini, Allahabad under the Renewable Energy Certification (REC) mechanism.The solar power plant will be established by private developer Narayan Infra Pvt Ltd. The board also decided that the constitution and functioning of Electricity Service Commission should be streamlined in order to ensure there are sufficient people to man the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319497", "title": "Chris Hemsworth wants 'Star Wars' role", "text": "Actor Chris Hemsworth wants to star in the new \" Star Wars \" movies .The \"Avengers\" actor was a huge fan of the original films when he was growing up, and so would love to be the part of recently-announced episodes in the sci-fi series, reports contactmusic.com.Asked if he would be interested in the new films, he told MTV News: \"Oh man, I love those films. That's the sort of bread and butter of my film experience as a kid. I would love to work on something like that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319071", "title": "Don't want a mini me: Lindsay Lohan", "text": "Actress Lindsay Lohan has her plans set for motherhood, she wants baby boys not girls.The 26-year-old says she is keen to adopt a son but has no desire for a daughter, reports femalefirst.co.uk.\"I don't want to deal with a mini-me,\" Lohan told Us Weekly magazine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17318673", "title": "As banks get busy replacing the cheques, people have a tough time", "text": "INDORE: Come 01 January, 2013 and your all existing bank cheques will become invalid. The reason being that the banking regulator, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has implemented cheque truncation system (CTS) effective from 01 October and hence it has asked all the banks to replace the existing bank cheques, which have already been issued by them to their customers, to new standard cheques that comply the new system.The new generation private sector banks have already complied with the RBI norm. However, the same was not the case with the state-owned banks and hence the rush among them to inform their customers through notices which have been pasted at branches and ATM kiosks.However, the businessmen find it difficult to do the job, as they have already issued post dated cheques (PDCs) in advance.Karan Mittal, MD, Mittal Corp, said, \"I do agree that it's going to be a safe and secure system. Still, the banks will have to honour those post dated cheques (PDCs) which we have already issued to our stakeholders.\"Manan Bakiwala, a local businessman, said, \"We have already issued PDCs, even beyond 01 January and hence we find it difficult how to nget those cheques back and replace them with new ones.\"Zonal head, Madhya Pradesh, HDFC Bank , Sudesh Jaisinghani, said, \"We have been issuing all the cheques, since 01 April in the standard format only and hence the RBI move won't affect us much.\"Marketing officer, Bank of Baroda , Ravi Ranjan Yadav, said, \"We are informing all our customers to replace their existing chequebooks with the new ones keeping in view the RBI guideline.\"In SBI's case, nearly 91% of its customers in the state have already been issued the chequebooks having features like IFSC and MICR which means they are compliant with CTS. Pradeep Gupta, deputy general manager, State Bank of India , Bhopal, said, \"We have already issued CTS scanned chequebooks in most of the cases. Still, we are trying our level best to send the new standard chequebooks to all the remaining customers at their doorstep. Also, we are advising them to contact their nearest branch and check if their chequebook was CTS scanned.\"Kulbhushan Subhedar, DGM, IDBI Bank , said, \"We've completed the work in 80% of cases and are all set to complete the job by December as per RBI guidelines. However, the problem was with those customers that are not even aware of usage of chequebooks.\"Then there are banks that haven't received any notice from their headquarters. ML Goyal, zonal manager, Bank of India, said, 'We are waiting to hear from our headquarter. Once we get the instruction we will do the job on war-footing level.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17315713", "title": "'Kasab's death won't bring my son back'", "text": "PUNE: \"It took four years to hang him, terror outfits will produce four hundred more. Kasab's death will not bring my son back,\" said Navaz, mother of Kaizad Kamdin, the Pune-based chef who fell to the 26/11 terrorist's bullets at Hotel Taj in Mumbai in 2008.Kaizad, who was 28 years old then, gave his life saving others in the hotel. \"What we lost is priceless. We lost a life - our son. There is an entire network behind terrorist attacks. Kasab was only a pawn - a child of any other mother, a child who was shown the carrot with the promise of money and a better life. There are so many others who are responsible for the attacks,\" said Navaz, who was earlier presented the Jeevan Raksha medal for her son's services to the nation.It will never be easy for Navaz to relive the fateful day. After getting the news that their son had been shot, the Kamdins had left for Mumbai. \"We had no idea about the magnitude of the situation. We went to Mumbai thinking that Kaizad had suffered from a bullet wound and that we would bring him back to Pune. Little did we know that he was no more,\" she said.Navaz said that her husband was talking to Kaizad on the phone when the Taj was under siege, right from 8.30 pm on November 26 till beyond 2 am. \"Kaizad kept saying it was his duty to help people to safety. Unfortunately, his duty was to be in the line of fire. He was leading everybody to safety, and we are proud of him for not buckling under pressure,\" she said.Kaizad's brother, Astad, feels that four years to hang Kasab was too long a time to punish someone who had taken so many lives. \"They should have killed Kasab then and there, instead of making him live on taxpayers' money for so long. We saw the news about the execution, but we are trying to ignore it. Hanging him will not make a difference. Terror attacks are still happening, because there is an entire gang of terrorists on the loose,\" said Astad, who was in the US during the attacks. \"My parents called me and asked me to return to India, but they did not tell me that Kaizad had been shot. I reached home 34 hours after my brother passed away. I was shocked. He was my elder brother and a major support for the family.Being an elder brother, he would guide me during the highs and lows of life\"The family feels Kaizad's presence every day. \"We think and talk about him all the time. He was honest, kind, quiet and family-oriented. Being a chef, he would help my mother cook food,\" said Astad.Kaizad, towering at six-and-a-half feet, was known as a gentle giant by friends and relatives. Mayur Pingale, a friend of Kaizad for almost 20 years, misses the time spent with him, right from their years together in St Vincent's school. \"We also went to the same college, such was the bond. In standard 10, we would share a rickshaw to tuitions. I cannot express in words how much I miss him. After standard 12, Kaizad shifted to Aurangabad and then Mumbai. We would catch up whenever he was in Pune. We would visit places and have parties on the rooftop at his place. His loss was very traumatic. Hanging the wrong-doer will not bring Kaizad back,\" Mayur said.Ajaz Sayyed, Kaizad's childhood friend, said, \"Kaizad died saving others. He made others around him get into it to save themselves, instead of going in himself. He was shot while helping others.The six months after losing Kaizad were frustrating. I feel hanging Kasab was a very easy death for him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316449", "title": "Kavuri Sambasiva Rao not to attend Parliament session", "text": "HYDERABAD: Eluru Congress Lok Sabha member Kavuri Sambasiva Rao said he will not be attending the winter session of Parliament slated to begin on Thursday as he has resigned from the Lok Sabha.He added that he was not bothered about the whip issued to MPs by the Congress with reference to various bills and other important matters. Kavuri resigned from the Lok Sabha after being denied a berth in the union cabinet. The Eluru MP met chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy along with Vijayawada MP Lagadapati Rajagopal on Wednesday.An unhappy Kavuri is firm on his decision to quit the lower house and the party, despite the efforts made by all the party leaders, including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, to placate him.On Wednesday, Kavuri said he conveyed his resolve to the chief minister as well. He, however, was non committal when asked if there was any chance of him joining the YSR Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17320474", "title": "Missionaries want to promote humanity: bishop", "text": "MANGALORE: Christian missionaries brought oppressed and marginalized people to mainstream of society by providing education and laid foundation to several schools in coastal region of Karnataka, said TC Shivshankara Murthy, vice-chancellor of Mangalore University here on Wednesday ,while addressing a gathering at inaugurating of silver jubilee celebrations of the establishment of Mangalore Diocesan Chair in Christianity in the varsity . On the education system, VC said there is a need to differentiate between a true educationist and those who consider education as a business. Later Mangalore Bishop Rev Aloysius Paul D'Souza said the objective of Christian missionaries is to promote humanity and brotherhood in society and the chair has been established to promote peace and harmony through the study of sacred writings. As part of the silver jubilee celebrations a workshop on 'Contributions of Coastal Karnataka Christians of the Society' was organized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17315935", "title": "709 state gram panchayats go to polls on December 23", "text": "NAGPUR: Elections to 709 gram panchayats spread over 25 districts in the state are scheduled for December 23, state election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan announced in the state capital. The code of conduct for the polls has already been imposed from Tuesday midnight.All gram panchayats (GP) whose terms are ending between January and March 23 have been clubbed and voting for them has been scheduled for Dec 23, she said adding that voters' list updated till October 2012 would be used for the GP polls. Of the 709 GPs going to the polls, 76 are from eight districts of Vidarbha. These are Buldhana-46, Amravati-11, Gadchiroli-8. Akola-5, Wardha-3 and Washim, Chandrapur, Gondia- one GP each.Nominations will be accepted between December 1 and 5 (only on weekdays and excluding holidays, if any). Scrutiny will be done on December 6 and withdrawal will be allowed till 3pm of December 8. On the same day later, symbols will be allocated and candidates' list will be published. Voting will take place between 7.30am and 5pm. Counting would be undertaken the next day and once results are declared, the code of conduct would be withdrawn.From the reserved seats, if the contestant does not possess a caste validity certificate, he or she would be required to attach a copy of the application submitted for the said certificate. If elected, such candidate would be required to submit the certificate within six months from date of election.While electronic voting machines would be used, candidates would be required to submit a list of expenses incurred on daily basis. In addition, a consolidated account of total election expenses incurred has to be submitted within a month of the results by the winning candidate failing which he or she could be declared ineligible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17316726", "title": "Delhi gurdwara clash: Probe panel may miss deadline", "text": "AMRITSAR: The three-member committee constituted by Jathedar of Akal Takht Giani Gurbachan Singh to investigate into Gurdwara Rakabganj clash between two factions of Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (DSGMC) owing allegiance to Shiromani Akali Dal (D) and Delhi State Shiromani Akali Dal (B), may not submit the report on November 22.Jathedar of Akal Takht Giani Gurbachan Singh said on Wednesday that he had learnt there was some delay in completing the probe due to the death of liquor baron Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep, who were relative of Paramjit Sarna, president of DSGMC.Paramjit Sarna's brother Harvinder is a member of DSGMC executive committee and Hardeep Chadha's father-in-law. Both Ponty and Hardeep Chadha were killed in a shootout that occurred at their farmhouse in New Delhi. Paramjit Sarna had mediated between Ponty and Hardeep to resolve their property disputes.Sources said there is a possibility of the probe team summoning Sarna brothers to the Akal Takht. In July 2010, Giani Gurbachan Singh had summoned Sarna brothers at Akal Takht for clarification on their allegations that senior advocate HS Phoolka, counsel for the1984 anti-Sikh riot victims, had wasted Rs 1.9 crore during the campaign to get justice for the victims. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319685", "title": "Autonagar Surya\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s first look on Naga Chaitanya's birthday", "text": "The much awaited first look of Naga Chaitanya and Samantha-starrer Autonagar Surya will be unveiled on Friday to coincide with the actor's birthday. The film's director Deva Katta shared this news on his micro blogging site \"YESS....please stay tuned for 'Autonagar Surya' first look on the eve of Yuva Samrat Naga Chaitanya birthday on 23rd November\" (sic).Further, Deva Katta updated about the film's status apprising that the entire talkie part is completed and the movie is left with filming couple of songs. Elucidating that the film's working days were around 96, the director adds that he's planning to work out on the release date with the producer. \"pending 2 songs all shoot is complete. filmed for 96 days, exposure 1.58 lakhs ft and waiting fr clarity on release date\" (sic), posted Deva Katta.Autonagar Surya is produced by K.Achi Reddy under Max India Productions banner while R.R.Movie Makers will present the film. Anoop Rubens is composing the music and Srikanth Naroj is the cinematographer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319738", "title": "Deepthi eagerly waiting for Thulli Vilayadu", "text": "Deepthi, who made her debut in Pattalam, and recently impressed the audience by playing Vijay's sister in Thupakki, is now eagerly waiting for Thulli Vilayadu, Vincent Selva's 6th venture after super hits like Priyamudan, Youth, Iraniyan, Jithan.Deepthi is to have played an important role in the movie and the storyline is expected to be very interesting. She is supposed to have portrayed the emotions of a girl who is caught between three different problems.She has played a crucial role in the movie. Starring new faces Youvaraj and Deepthi in lead roles, ace artists Prakash Raj, Jayaprakash play crucial characters in the movie.Srikanth Deva composes music for this movie and M K Bhupathy handles camera. Govindaraj produced the movie under his RB studios banner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17318286", "title": "Four held for ransacking media house", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh Police arrested four more persons, including the prime accused in ransacking the office of English daily Echo of Arunachal and assaulting its associate editor Tapan Kumar Das.The prime accused Dobing Sonam and three of his accomplices Tagum Phassang, Kome Yangfo and Roye Yangfo were arrested from Hotel VIP International at Kalapahar in Guwahati on Tuesday morning, Capital Complex SP Surinder Kumar said here on Wednesday.The office of the first English daily of the state was ransacked and its associate editor manhandled by the members of the Arunachal Pradesh Public Transport Federation (APPTF) on November 9 last following an argument over publication of news.On a tip-off, two police teams rushed to Guwahati under sub-inspectors CA Namchoom and J Kamdak and arrested the culprits, the SP said.\"During interrogation, the four accused revealed that they were taking shelter in different cities of Assam for the last 10 days to avoid arrest. They changed their location every second or third day,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17318986", "title": "Teachers' stir shakes colleges", "text": "LUDHIANA: The teachers' strike which led to suspension of classes in eight private and aided colleges on Tuesday will have a ripple effect. As teachers dug their heels in for the long-standing demand of implementation of the pension scheme, several teaching hours were wasted.Of the 500 teachers who gathered in Bathinda on Tuesday for the agitation, around 150 were from Ludhiana. The bone of contention is an announcement made in 1992 in the Punjab Vidhan Sabha and a subsequent order passed on December 18, 1996 to give private college teachers pension facility like their government counterparts. The decision is yet to be implemented in Punjab's aided and private colleges. Six teachers from Ludhiana's aided colleges will go on chain hunger strike from November 23 to press the case.\"It has been long since the teachers have been demanding rights equal to those of university teachers and their counterparts in colleges. Aided schools, government colleges and other agencies have already got the pension scheme implemented, except aided colleges,\" Kuldeep Singh, general secretary of PCCTU and faculty member at a Doraha college said.President of the DAV College Teachers' Union Iqbalpreet Kaur also justified the stir citing the failure of the government to formulate pension rules by November 26. There was no teaching in 140 colleges while others observed a pen down strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "17319293", "title": "Four Tamil Nadu fishermen attacked by Lankan navy", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Four fishermen were injured today when they were attacked allegedly by Sri Lankan naval personnel when they were fishing near Katchatheevu in the Palk Straits.Sticks, bottles and stones were allegedly hurled by the Lankan navalmen at the fishermen and their boats also suffered damage in the attack, officials said.They also snapped the fishing nets, and seized global positioning and wireless equipment.The injured fishermen have been admitted to a hospital at Ramanathpuram.Katchatheevu is an islet ceded to Sri Lanka by India under a 1974 agreement between the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316531", "title": "Government tells court altering secretariat is a minor job", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government has said the proposed conversion of the new assembly-secretariat complex into a multi super-specialty hospital would involve only minor alterations and that fresh environmental clearance was given for the building only after due verification.A submission to this effect was made by the special government pleader (forest) M K Subramaniam and special government pleader Abdul Saleem when an application opposing the enviornmental clearance for the structure came up before the National Green Tribunal bench comprising Justice M Chockalingam and professor Nagendran on Wednesday. Advocate R Veeramani filed the petition after the state-level Environmental Impact Assessment Authority granted fresh clearance to the hospital project on May 16.The government's counter, rejecting allegations that the decision was taken for political reasons and the project would prove to be a drain on exchequer, said the conversion work involved minimum modifications and all necessary parameters to establish a multi super-specialty hospital had been considered by competent authorities. The existing provisions already available in the building, such as pre-fabrication system, lig-%hting, airconditioting and sound insulation, can be used for the proposed hospital with minor alterations feasible in the light of technological improvements, the counter said. ' \"The proposal of the government involves only minor modifications relating to water, biomedical waste disposal, energy, etc. The structure is not being modified and, as such, the present modifications in accordance with law have been appraised,\" the counter said. The bench has posted the matter to December 19 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315971", "title": "Now, Kejriwal promises to champion 26/11 heroes' cause", "text": "NEW DELHI: After stirring the tea cup over corruption in polity and claiming to champion the cause of the aam aadmi, anti-graft crusader Arvind Kejriwal is set to stand up for NSG commandoes. Kejriwal will hold a press conference on 'injustice faced by NSG commandoes - real heroes of 26/11' on Thursday.Though it is not ye clear whether the conference would have anything to do with corruption in security establishment, sources said the conference would make some revelations about how heroes of 26/11 were forgotten by the government and promises made to those who risked their lives for the nation were not kept.The well-timed press conference, coming a day after 26/11 convict Ajmal Kasab was hanged, will also have former NSG personnel to narrate their plight.Given the national sentiment on 26/11 and the high regard for NSG commandoes post the incident, any negative revelation on the government's role towards their welfare is likely to catch popular imagination.This would be another of a series of assaults by Kejriwal on the government that has been put on the back foot with allegations of corruption against the ruling Congress's first family apart from charges that it bends over backward to please corporate houses at the cost of the exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17314776", "title": "Shivam Dubey's double ton punishes opposition in Times Shield tournament", "text": "MUMBAI: Shivam Dubey's 243 (24x4; 15x6) made 'B' Arunkumar's decision to field after winning the toss against Mumbai Port Trust in their Times Shield 'B' Division match, at Cross Maidan, look silly. The Mumbai Port Trust batsman used 171 balls for his double ton that took his side to 438 in 67 overs. In reply, 'B' Arunkumar were bundled out for 173 in 44.5 overs with Raunak Sharma top-scoring with 59 not out. Following on, Sharma clattered an unbeaten 103 (14x4; 2x6) taking his side to 217 for 7 in 57 overs.Servo Global Services rode on J Joshi's knock of 175 to make 399 against Bank of India SC who made 295.For RCF, Mayuresh Tandel scored a century (100) to help his side make 365 in reply to which Indian Navy were reeling at 129 for 9.Brief Scores:Mumbai Port Trust 438 (S Dubey 243; D Bhoir 61-4) vs 'B' Arunkumar 173 &amp; 217-7 (R Sharma 103 not out; Y Dicholkar 51-4).Central Railway 399 (S Bhaye 104, S Agarkar 67, N Shivalkar 63; V Dhulap 29-5, S Shinde 98-3) vs Mumbai Police 241-9 (S Shinde 50, R Tandel 41; S Agarkar 77-4).Future Group 326 (R Lad 134, A Aroskar 93; K Ghohel 39-9, A Walingkar 50-3) vs Western Railway 'A' 241-7 (P Patil 61, R Srinivasan 52, H Bhojnaik 52; S Muley 58-4).RCF 365 (M Tandel 100, S Mayekar 53, S Khaire 52, S Kakadekar 50; R Kumar 34-4, R Goswami 50-4) vs Indian Navy 129-9 (U Ujale 10-4, D Gaonkar 45-3).Servo Global Services 399 (J Joshi 175, S Lingayat 82; N Katakdhund 113-6) vs Bank of India SC 295 (K Kolamkar 90; D Khatri 75-3).Income Tax 280 vs Akbar Travels 321 (M Ishaqe 83, Y Gandhi 57; A Joshi 90-4, D Parab 74-3).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17316942", "title": "Hijack alert at Air Force base turns out to be a mock drill", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The local police sprung into action following a phone call informing that an aircraft had been hijacked at the Indian Air Force base on Wednesday afternoon. However, it turned out to be only a mock drill. One chopper of the Air Force had also taken sortie \"to rescue the aircraft from the hijackers\" during the mock drill.According to Sector-31 police station SHO, as soon as the air force authorities called the police station about \"hijack of a plane\", a melee of police, fire brigade personnel and ambulances rushed to the airport. All of them heaved a sigh of relief when it finally turned out to be a mock drill.When contacted, director of the Chandigarh Airport, Capt H S Toor told TOI that it was a mock drill conducted by the local Air Force station that controls the ATC and runway of the airport. He added that the staff of the Airport Authority of India (AAI) also participated in the drill. The spokesperson of Air Force Chandigarh said it was a routine mock drill to check the operational preparedness to meet any eventuality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17315640", "title": "Lucknow University to honour Ram Advani, Dr Hasan", "text": "LUCKNOW: He is one of the best known faces that represent the city and a visit to his book stop has been no less than a pilgrimage for bibliophiles for the past 60 years.A 'Life Time Achievement Award' from his alma mater Lucknow University, therefore, can't be more justified. In fact, many feel that it has come a bit late for 93-year-old Ram Advani. The LU Alumni Society will felicitate him on November 25 on the occasion of the university's foundation day.Advani graduated in humanities with political science, western history and English literature as his subjects. He was also the captain of LU cricket team in 1942.The society has shortlisted eight other old students of the university who have made a mark in their life. They are: heart surgeon Padamshree Dr Mansoor Hasan; Justice Rajeev Sharma; Prof SK Singh, vice-chancellor, MP Bhoj (Open) University, Bhopal; Alok Rawat, IAS officer; Kamlesh Kumar Srivastava, member of traffic, railway board; NC Mehrotra, director, Birbal Sahni Institute of Paleobotany, renowned singer Dilraj Kaur and senior journalist K Vikram Rao.Dr Hasan did MD, medicine from the KFMC in 1977 when it was part of the LU. At present, he is working as chief consultant, department of cardiology at Sahara Hospital and is also a consultant to Cromwell Hospital, London. Justice Rajeev Sharma is a senior judge with the Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court. Justice Sharma pursued BSc from the university in 1973 and LLB in 1978.Prof SK Singh was a part of LU in 1969. He did his BSc, LLB, LLM from the university. Alok Rawat completed his MSc in Physics in 1974 from the university and is currently posted in the cabinet secretariat. KK Srivastava pursued his graduation in 1970 and then did MSc in statistics in 1972 from the university. NC Mehrotra holds a PhD in geology.Dilraj Kaur was a student of MA in English Literature after which she joined Bhatkhande Musical Institute. Senior journalist K Vikram Rao graduated in sociology, Sanskrit and English Literature and then did his masters in political science in 1960.Briefing about the event, alumnae society president Atul who is DGP, Home Guards, said, '\"It's a day when alumni of the university recall their old days. Sharing their experiences with the present students is a rich experience.''The event will be inaugurated by governor BL Joshi while Union minister of state for parliamentary affairs, Rajeev Shukla would be the guest of honour. City mayor Dinesh Sharma and LU vice-chancellor G Patnaik will also grace the occasion.Established in 1920, LU is one of the oldest universities in the state. In the past years, the university has honoured some of the distinguished alumnus like Justice AS Anand, former Chief Justice of India, senior journalist Vinod Mehta, NKP Salve, former Union Minister, Harish Rawat, Union minister and renowned heart surgeon Padma Shri Dr Naresh Trehan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17316795", "title": "SC summons museum and Victoria chiefs", "text": "KOLKATA: The Supreme Court on Wednesday directed the Indian Museum director and secretary cum curator of Victoria Memorial to appear before it on January 10, 2013, and explain the steps taken for the physical verification and stocktaking of artefacts and to ensure security at the two institutions.The bench of Justice K S Panicker Radhakrishnan and Justice Dipak Misra passed this direction on the basis of an application filed by activist Subhas Datta. The heads of the two institutions will have to file affidavits on the number of artefacts and the existing security arrangements within four weeks, the court directed.On March 26, 2008, Datta filed an application in the SC complaining that nobody knows for sure how many artefacts exist at the two museums. In his application, Datta stated that there is a possibility that some of the artefacts were misplaced or even stolen. To substantiate his complaint, Datta submitted copies of the Kolkata edition of The Times of India dated March 15 and March 18, 2008 that had reported the sorry state of affairs at the two museums.TOI had reported how a CBI probe had unearthed a major scam involving officials that could run into several crores. Sources had been quoted as saying that several artefacts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d including relics from the Indus Valley Civilisation and antique gold coins \u00e2\u20ac\u201d could have been stolen or misplaced.\"The court was already hearing a petition that I had moved in 2002 on the state of affairs in museums across the country. On March 26, 2008, I complained to the court that a scam worth Rs 20 crore could have taken place and nearly 100 artefacts gone missing. I further submitted that the Victoria is supposed to have the largest collection of artefacts from India's pre-camera age. Nobody knows how many of them still exist. Some may also have been stolen. Based on my submissions, the court on April 7, 2008, directed the solicitor general to file a reply. However, nobody appeared and no affidavit was filed by the Indian Museum or Victoria Memorial,\" Datta said.On Wednesday, when the matter came up for hearing the Union of India opposed Datta's application, but the activist insisted that not all was well at the two museums in the city. \"These house our national treasures. We can't know what is happening where our eyes and ears don't reach. This is why the museums need to let us know all details,\" Datta submitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319304", "title": "Daniel Craig takes driving lessons", "text": "Actor Daniel Craig has privately undertaken a series of driving classes in order to obtain a licence in New York State.The 44-year-old, who drives a vintage Aston Martin DB5 car in new James Bond movie \"Skyfall\", successfully completed a written test before going for a five-hour classroom-based driving safety course in September, reports contactmusic.com.Richard Fernandez, an office manager at the Professional Driving School of the Americas in Manhattan, said: \"His assistant requested a special class for Daniel by himself. No other students were there. He was such a nice dude, so friendly.\"The course involved videos and lectures on proper turns, driving in extreme weather conditions, parallel parking and three-point turns, and the dangers of alcohol and driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315111", "title": "HC seeks Metro\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s help to rehabilitate accident victim", "text": "NEW DELHI: Keen to rehabilitate a girl who lost both her legs in an accident at Rajiv Chowk Metro station in March 2010, Delhi high court on Wednesday asked the Metro if it can provide her with prosthetic limbs \"with silicon padding of international standard\".Justice Rajiv Shakdher also wanted to know from the railways if it can give any non-technical job to the victim. The court made the queries while hearing Mehjabeen's plea for Rs 50 lakh by way of compensation for loss of her legs, which had to be amputated, and posted the matter for January 3, 2013.Mehjabeen had moved court in 2010 seeking direction for safety of the general public at Metro stations, including availability of ambulance service at each busy station. She also sought compensation lakh for her loss and a government job. A student of journalism, she was waiting for the Metro train along with her mother Ayesha on the fateful day. A man, rushing through the crowd, had landed on the tracks taking her along in front of an approaching train.An NGO came to her rescue providing her artificial legs to enable her to walk properly seven months after the incident. In her plea, she complained that neither DMRC nor the Centre gave her any job to become self-reliant. DMRC had offered her a compensation of Rs 4 lakh after the mishap, she said.Earlier, HC had taken note of the safety issue at the Metro stations raised by Mehjabeen. It had asked DMRC to consider having sliding screens installed at busy stations, directing it to enlist steps being taken by it to upgrade safety at stations. Following HC's prodding, DMRC installed sliding doors at some stations to prevent mishaps during a rush.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17316773", "title": "Seven hurt in roof collpase", "text": "KOLKATA: A multi-storied building, which was under construction, collapsed in Sector V early on Wednesday. Luckily, there wasn't any damage to life, but seven labourers sustained minor bruises.Witnesses said that on hearing a loud thud they rushed to the spot and found that a portion of the fifth floor roof had collapsed. They injured labourers were immediately rushed to the hospital where they were discharged after being given first aid.Sources in the Nabadiganta Industrial Township Authority ( NDITA) said the building complex is being set up at EPGP Block. The authorities have already issued a stop work order and the Sector V electronic complex police have initiated a probe.Labourers said that the fifth floor roof had been cemented only a few days back. Police visited the spot and suspect that the collapse was probably due to the extra load of the construction materials and water pipelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17315938", "title": "NU member stages walkout from MC meet over 'injustice'", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University's emergent Management Council meeting on Wednesday turned out to be a stormy one with one of its members Dinesh Agrawal staging a walkout to protest against alleged \"injustice\" meted out to him by vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal. The meeting was organized to constitute panels for conducting interviews for its 149 vacant posts of lecturers, including that of LIT, which were lying vacant since many years.Agrawal had many grudges against the administration and had planned to place a calling attention motion on a couple of issues which included the VC not replying to as many as 65 letters issued by him. However, both his motions were overruled by the VC after which Agrawal disassociated himself from the meeting and staged a walkout. NU PRO Prashant Mohite couldn't be contacted for his comments.Agrawal warned the administration that he will be seeking legal redressal for his queries which were being allegedly suppressed by VC as \"it will expose the irregularities committed by the administration under him\". \"I had asked them to take an opinion from chancellor K Sankaranarayanan first. There was confusion on the guidelines to be followed while constituting panels for the interviews for the 149 vacant posts. But the VC rejected the proposal,\" he said.The member also questioned the validity of the October 18 meeting of the council where the chancellor's nominee Sanjay Khadakkar and one more member were not invited. Khadakkar had complained about the issue to the chancellor K Sankaranarayanan. He stated that without the chancellor's nominee, no major decision could be taken and, therefore, the decisions taken in that meeting should be cancelled. But even this proposal was not entertained by the administration, thus forcing him to stage a walkout.Box: 'NU defers exam for just 100 students'Sources from NU's exam section said that only about 100 students were found to be eligible for the admission after they were declared pass in the revaluation results. The figure was confirmed after engineering colleges submitted their respective list of students and teachers to NU, two days after the deadline. Sources questioned NU's decision to postpone the entire engineering exams, for first time in its history, for the sake to just 100 students, thus affecting 60,000 other students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17315311", "title": "Trial run of state buses begins on 3 more routes", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana Roadways started the trial run on three new routes under the city bus service on Wednesday. With this the total number of routes goes up to 12 in the city.The service will resume regular service from December 1. As many as 16 buses will run in double shifts from 6am to 11pm at a frequency of 15-20 minutes. The three new routes are Hong Kong Bazaar (Sector 57) to IFFCO Metro station, IMT Manesar to HUDA City Centre Metro station and IMT Manesar to Gurgaon bus stand.Haryana Roadways also plans to start a bus service between Hong Kong Bazaar and IGI Airport terminal 2 by the end of this month. General manager Yashender Singh said, \"We are in talks with Delhi airport officials and hopefully the bus service will start in a week. The maximum fare for this route will be Rs 10.\"Singh said that the city bus service, which was launched in May this year, has garnered positive responses from city residents and the ridership has crossed 75,000 passengers per day and expected to go up with new routes coming up.While the service was launched with 37 buses, the number has reached 80 with the launch of new routes.Singh added that there was a plan to increase the number of buses to 150 by March 2013. \"For that, the Roadways is buying 40 airconditioned buses. The remaining buses will be regular ones.\"The Roadways is also planning to put up display boards by the roadsides listing various routes which would help passengers immensely. At present, there is no such facility of bus queue shelters and many commuters are clueless about routes and their frequencies.Singh said that a meeting regarding bus queue shelters was conducted under the Gurgaon deputy commissioner. He said that the department would pursue the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17317070", "title": "Keralotsavam to begin on December 5", "text": "KOZHIKODE: District-level Keralotsavam will be held at various places of Balussery block panchayat from December 5 to 16. The decision was taken at a meeting convened by Balussery grama panchayat president P M Sarojini at the panchayat community hall here on Wednesday.Arts competitions, sports events such as volleyball, kabadi , kalaripayattu, hand wrestling and non-stage events will be held at the Balussery Vocational Girls' Higher Secondary school. Archery and cricket competitions in will be held at KSIDC Kinaloor; softball at Kozhikode JDT Islam Higher Secondary School; football at Kallanode St George's Higher Secondary School; Shuttle and badminton at Ekaroor indoor stadium and handball competition at Providence College.Tug of war competition will be held at Ulliyeri and athletics events will be held at Kinaloor Usha School of Athletics and swimming at Rotary club, Cherooty road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320792", "title": "Kris and Bruce Jenner are not parting of the ways", "text": "After days of rumours that there was trouble in paradise, news comes in that Kris and Bruce Jenner's marriage is doing just fine.Friends close to the couple say that Bruce and Kris are more in love than ever in spite of recent rumours that he was fed up of his wife and wanted a divorce.The reality TV stars have been married for over two decades now and have two biological daughters together \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Kendall, 17, and Kylie, 15, apart from eight step-children between them.Friends of the couple also add that Bruce is very proud of his wife, who has become a successful manager, adept at managing the careers of the whole family including Kim, Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian . A source revealed, \"Kris and Bruce are doing just fine. Bruce would never, ever leave Kris because he is too much in awe of her.\"Rumour mills went into an overdrive earlier this month after certain websites claimed that the 63-year-old Olympic gold medalist had allegedly gone ahead and consulted a lawyer because he was absolutely fed up with Kris, 55, her obsession with publicity and tired of her flirting with younger men \u00e2\u20ac\u201d sometimes in his presence. However, a source later revealed that the couple is not heading for a divorce and are still in love with each other. \"Sure she pushes his buttons and p***es him off from time to time, but deep down inside Bruce is crazy about her. She's the boss of the relationship and he knows this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17322959", "title": "Guru Nanak's Prakashotsav from November 26", "text": "Kanpur: Prakashotsav of Guru Nanak Dev will be celebrated from November 26. The celebrations will go on till November 28. This year, the community meal (langar) would be organised for over 2.5 lakh people.The organisers said that on November 26, Nagar Kirtan will be taken out from Latouche Road Gurudwara in which hundreds Sikhs will take part.The procession will pass through Depty Padao, Jarib Chowki, Fazalganj, Kapadi Market, Santnagar, Gumti, 80 Feet Road and Ashoknagar to reach Motijheel at 8.30 pm.The area from where the holy procession will pass and Motijheel ground will be beautifully decorated.People also see the mela that is held near the 'langar' venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17320040", "title": "Taste of Banaras to reach far and wide", "text": "VARANASI: Soon the delightful sweets of Banaras can be relished by its admirers sitting miles away from the city. Department of Animal Husbandry and Dairying is mulling ways to increase the shelf life of the Banarasi sweets so that it can be transported to other cities and can be enjoyed for many days.According to in-charge, Quality Control Lab, Institute of Agricultural Sciences (IAS), BHU, Dr DC Rai, the department is working with some players in sweet making business. Students and faculty members are learning the method of preparation of various sweets and studying it for the standardization of the product in the first phase. At the same time, local 'halwais' will be trained for special packaging of the sweets giving special emphasis on hygiene maintenance and technically enhanced methods during the preparations so that the life of the product is increased to around one month without any alteration in ingredients, shape, size and taste of the particular product.Interestingly while the department has already carried out successful work on 'malai roll' and 'malai barfi', the work on malaiyo, lal peda, rasgulla, rabri is also under pipeline. According to Rai, the life span of these two prominent local sweets can be increased to around one month without refrigeration. Notably, the initiative taken by the department is non-funded and voluntary for sweet makers keeping parallel the research activities of the student and faculty members.The entire process of increasing the life of sweets depends on hygiene maintenance and packaging. \"There are two major packaging methods that will be employed. One is 'Retort Packaging' in, which the sweets will be sealed with a film and then heated at approximately 125 to 130 degree Celsius so that all the bacteria are killed in the sweet. The other method is 'modified atmosphere packaging' (MAP), an after packaging method, in which all the air inside the packet of the sweets will be taken out and new air will be injected containing no traces oxygen in it\", informed Rai.Local halwais will also be acquainted with new researches in dairying, hygiene maintenance and food regulation law, which is soon going to tighten its grip. Interestingly, department will also chalk out a standardized preparation method of some prominent local sweet delicacies. Every sweet maker has its own method of preparation, which cannot be altered but the standardized methods will be an adopted form of the art, which will be technically enhanced and more hygienic as compared to individual methods of preparation, Rai added.The sweet delicacies of Varanasi have great admirers abroad and in other cities of the country. According to Rai, few halwai were given workshop on hygiene maintenance and food regulation law under the Agriculture Innovation Partnership programme. In that programme sweet makers shared their problem of short shelf life of sweet items, which restrict them from transporting the sweets to other cities and selling it to outstation buyers. The bacteria count in milk in this area is around 5 to 10 lakh per ml at the same time, the mandi system of milk selling also adds innumerous amount of unhygienic content in the milk. Thereby efforts are taken in this regard.According to Manoj Kumar , a sweet seller in Chetganj area, people specially during festive and wedding season demand for sweets, which can be gifted to their friends and relatives dwelling outside the city. Jai Narayan, a sweet and lassi seller in Godowlia area said, \"Malaiyo, malai roll, khoya barfi and lal peda top the list of sweets, which is demanded by outstation buyers. Malaiyo is seen no where else except for Varanasi. This very fact makes it more popular among tourists and visitors from other cities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "bolpur", "code": "17317222", "title": "Time to tie the knot: Mouma Das", "text": "BOLPUR:If there were a few suppressed giggles at the Kabiguru Krirangan on Wednesday and a shy smile from Mouma Das after an uncharacteristic defeat, most would have understood.The four-time national champion, who lost a pre-quarterfinal of the East Zone National Ranking Table Tennis Championships here in straight sets, can be excused if it seemed half her mind was somewhere else.One of the biggest days in her life is coming up next week. \"Yes, it's because of the marriage. There's so much to take care of and I haven't been practising for 15 days. I'm not surprised I played so badly today,\" Mouma told TOI after rushing to catch a train to Kolkata, where she will marry IT professional Kanchan Chakraborty on November 30.\"I told her not to get married in the middle of a season, but to choose the end of the season,\" laughed Mouma's close friend Poulami Ghatak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17318597", "title": "Slain IPS officer's T-shirt was torn but not soiled: Witness", "text": "INDORE: The T-shirt wore by slain Indian Police Service (IPS) officer Narendra Kumar was torn possibly after coming under the wheel of the stone-laden tractor trolley but it was not soiled, said one of the witness who deposed before the special CBI court here on Wednesday.Two more witnesses the then tehshildar of Banmore in Morena D G Sharma and then regional transport officer (RTO) of Morena Sachdev Singh appeared before court.Sharma, the then tehshildar of Banmore had made the panchnama of dead body of slain IPS officer Narendra Kumar at Sahara Hospital in Gwalior on the day of incident. He produced a copy of the panchnama.Mahendra Mourya, lawyer of sole accused Manoj Gurjar, said, during the cross examination Sharma revealed that theT-shirt of slain IPS officer was torn but not soiled. On further prodding Sharma admitted that there were no soil or stone pieces on the body of slain IPS.Another witness, the then RTO Sachdev Singh said, accused Gurjar was served a notice for attaching the trolley with tractor without registration. However, Singh admitted that he was not aware when and who had served the notice and there were no document stating about receipt of the notice by Gurjar.Till now about two dozen witnesses have appeared before court in IPS Narendra Kumar case out of which one eye witness has turned hostile and remaining witnesses were had given varying statements.It is to be noted that slain IPS Narendra Kumar was killed on March 8, 2012 in Morena district of Madhya Pradesh when he tried to stop a tractor trolley filled with illegally mined stones.Later CBI in its chargesheet termed the incident as a case of culpable homicide and held tractor trolley driver Manoj Gurjar as sole accused.Father of slain IPS officer had alleged hand of mining mafia in murder of his son, but the theory was rejected by CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17317898", "title": "Process of tendering for tent house materials for elections rakes up row", "text": "VADODARA: Following complaints that the tendering system for procuring some election-related material from contractors had been vitiated due to an alleged nexus formed by the contractors, the district election authorities have cancelled the earlier tenders and have called for a fresh bidding for the same.However, even as contractors denied having any nexus for manipulating the bidding process, the authorities said they decided to go for re-tendering to avoid any controversy or conflict. \"We don't know whether there was any nexus or not, the decision for re-tendering was taken to avoid any unnecessary delay or controversy which could have originated had we gone ahead with the same tenders,\" senior official told TOI.So far, no inquiry has been ordered to ascertain whether the cancelled tender process was indeed vitiated or manipulated. The controversy originated a day before the election authorities were going to open the tenders for tent material and furniture items required for the receiving centres, polling stations and counting centres during the polls. One of the contractors Jatin Mithawala lodged a complaint alleging that the contractors had manipulated the rates amongst themselves and offered the same in the tenders. \"The rates of items are 70 to 80 per cent higher than the market rates,\" Mithawala said adding that a meeting was held by contractors to manipulate the process.The authorities decided to open the tenders for Chhotaudepur constituency on Friday, claiming that a complaint did not prove anything. But after opening about five tenders, the officials stopped and decided to postpone the process till Tuesday. Highly placed sources told TOI that the procurement committee which had opened the first few tenders found some merit in the complaint and decided to discuss the matter before going ahead.Meanwhile, the contractors got to know of the development and met the officials, claiming innocence. \"We urged the committee to open all the tenders to ascertain the truth. As it is the complainant should not have received any work order as his contract was earlier cancelled by the Vadodara Municipal Corporation and his deposit was forfeited,\" said Lalabhai Shyamwala, a prominent tent material supplier who has also raised the issue with the election officials including the chief election commission.Mithawala rubbished the allegations saying that as per the tender conditions only those contractors who were black listed, financial defaulters, facing police cases or court cases should declare the same on an affidavit. \"But I fall in none of these categories. There are others who have such issues against them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17317855", "title": "Dengue scare lands Turkish woman in Government Rajaji Hospital", "text": "MADURAI: A 23-year-old Turkish woman has been admitted to the Government Rajaji Hospital on Wednesday with symptoms of dengue. However, doctors at the hospital who treated her said that it was a normal fever.Fulia, daughter of Ibrahim and a chemistry student from Istanbul University in Turkey said that she had been suffering from fever since Tuesday night. She was also suffering from pain in abdominal and in eyes, she said.She was accompanied by her four friends, including Niyaz from the same university. They did not know about the dengue prevalence in Madurai until Fulia developed fever. Later, they learnt about the prevalence of dengue in the district, said Niyaz.\"We have been in Tamil Nadu for the past four days and in Madurai for the past two days. We had planned to visit Rameswaram on Wednesday. But Fulia's ailment is holding us back here,\" Niyaz said.Doctors, who treated the woman said that she was administered with saline and was provided treatment for just an hour.\"It was an usual fever,\" doctors said. Fulia was also suffering from food poising and the unnecessary fear of dengue scare made them to react to the such extent, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17315859", "title": "Pernem villages halt sand mining", "text": "MAPUSA: Following public pressure, panchayats in Pernem have taken steps to stop illegal extraction of sand from Tiracol river.Mopa-Uguem-Tamboxem panchayat has led the battle against illegal sand mining by stopping the activity in its jurisdiction. At a recent gram sabha, Mopa-Uguem-Tamboxem villagers passed a resolution demanding a ban on illegal sand extraction in the part of Tiracol river that comes under the panchayat's jurisdiction.The panchayat also submitted a memorandum to the Pernem mamlatdar demanding a ban on illegal sand extraction in the village.\"Sometimes the authorities fail to act. We keep a regular check on illegal sand mining. I, along with villagers, go on rounds up the river to see that the activity remains stopped,\" Mopa-Uguem-Tamboxem sarpanch Vinayak Mahale said.This perhaps is the first panchayat to take such an initiative to stop the illegality. According to locals, excessive and indiscriminate sand extraction in the river has threatened paddy cultivation along the coast. Besides the paddy crop, coconut and arecanut plantations on the banks of river are also in danger. Recently a group of citizens on doing the rounds of the river had been assaulted allegedly by the sand mining mafia.\"The people from the village don't want sand extraction at the cost of the ecology. Presently with our efforts the activity has been stooped and we will see to it that its stops permanently,\" Mahale said.The other major village from where sand is extracted is Paliem. Sources said the activity is presently under check following raids by police, revenue department and mining department officials.\"Villagers demanded a ban on illegal sand extraction and the panchayat will act on it. It was also decided that the panchayat will levy a tax on sand extraction in the village,\" Paliem sarpanch Sandip Nhanji said.Despite a ban on removing sand from riverbeds and small sand dunes, illegal mining of sand on the banks of river Tiracol continues clandestinely.Most of the sand for constructions across North Goa comes from this area.\"With the help of police, we will continue raiding areas where sand extraction takes place,\" officials from the revenue department said.Hundreds of canoes extract sand from the Tiracol river at Kiranpani, Paliem, Bhalkhajan, Devsu, Korgao, Paraste, Konadi, Naibag, Poraskade, Tamboxem, Ugvem and Torsem villages. Unofficial estimates suggest that sand extraction in Tiracol river constitutes about 35% of the total sand extracted from rivers in the state. Fearing ecological problems the villages are slowly coming out against the illegal extraction of sand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17318230", "title": "HC ruling against MLA leaves Tripura govt embarrassed", "text": "AGARTALA: The Left Front government in Tripura faced another embarrassment with the Gauhati high court's Imphal bench on Tuesday passing a judgment against Revolutionary Socialist Party (RSP) legislator for possessing a fake Scheduled Caste (SC) certificate.The issue of RSP MLA Parth Das possessing a fake SC certificate surfaced two years ago and through administrative scrutiny at various levels it was established that Das does not belonged to any SC community.The state government had earlier cancelled the SC certificate of the MLA's elder brother, Chandan Das, who was a government doctor. He later moved the high court against the cancelation of the certificate; the case is pending at the court.The court order against the RSP MLA only served to further embarrass the ruling Left front, which was recently jolted by controversies involving two CPI-M MLAs, ahead of the 2013 assembly election. The recent incidents have given the opposition Congress grounds to launch a campaign against the ruling party.The acquisition of anticipatory bail by CPI-M MLA Shankar Prasad Datta, who had abused the officer in-charge of east Agartala police station and had allegedly forcefully taken away two criminals from police custody, triggered serious resentment among the public.Another CPI-M MLA, Tapan Das, was suspected of having fired at his sister-in-law from his PSO's revolver and misleading police in the investigation, further complicating matters for the Left government.Now, the HC judgment upholding the State Level Screening Committee (SLSC)'s decision that RSP MLA Partha Das possesses a fake SC certificate added fuel to the opposition's campaign against the Left.Das was elected in 2008 from south Tripura's Shalgarah assembly constituency, reserved for SC candidates. Chief minister Manik Sarkar in the last assembly session asserted that the state government would accept the recommendations of the court and take legal action against him.Leader of the opposition Ratan Lal Nath reiterated the demand that his membership of the assembly be revoked and all cash benefits illegally enjoyed by him be recovered. Nath also demanded he be arrested immediately.Nath said Partha Das has to forfeit all rights to continue as MLA under the provision of Section 7(b) of the Representation of the People Act, 1951.\"As per the provision of Section 125 A of the act and violation of Article 193 of the Constitution, Das would have to pay Rs 500 per day from the date he took his oath as an MLA besides being put in jail,\" Nath said, adding that he has to go jail for five years for procuring the fake caste certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17315671", "title": "90% technical schools in India flouting norms: AICTE officials", "text": "LUCKNOW: The mushroom growth of technical institutions imparting sub-standard education across the country has led to a situation where supply is outstripping demand. In a startling revelation by officials of the All-India Council for Technical Institution (AICTE), around 90 per cent technical institutes in the country are flouting norms.AICTE adviser MK Hada said, \"In a surprise inspection conducted by AICTE in 400 colleges, as many as 350 were found not fulfilling basic norms stipulated by the council.'' Hada was in the city to attend a one-day workshop on 'Approval process and e-governance' at Lucknow University. The workshop was organised by the department of business administration. Addressing representatives of various technical institutes in Lucknow, Hada spoke at length about the problem of poor admissions plaguing technical institutions as a result of which over hundreds of technical colleges across the country have sent their request to AICTE for closure.On the occasion, Hada informed 154 technical colleges had failed to fulfill norms laid down by the council. \"We will send notice to these colleges asking them to overcome their deficiency. In case they fail to do it, they will not be given extension for the next academic session. Students in these institutes will be shifted to others,'' said Hada.In a bid to disseminate information on AICTE's online approval process, the workshop is being conducted across the country. So far, 25 states have been covered. He also expressed concern over petty things marring technical institutions and keeping students at the receiving end. Earlier, vice-chancellor, Mahayana Technical University (MTU) S K Kak applauded efforts of AICTE in easing out approval process and following the e-governance methodology. He also stressed quality education and best possible ways to management the technical institutions. AICTE's northern region office (Kanpur) director PK Sahoo highlighted the basic objectives of e-governance process. He said e-governance was aimed at ensuring transparency, accessibility and quick disposal through online solution to over 15,000 technical institutions in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315144", "title": "2 held for visa racket", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two Delhi University BCom graduates were arrested for cheating people on the pretext of arranging for them visas to the US, UK, Australia and EU. The accused would hand over the forged visas after taking anything between Rs 8 lakh and Rs 10 lakh. A third accused is on the run.\"The pair has been identified as Ajeet alias Gulshan Sharma (38) and Sanjay (37). They were arrested near New Delhi railway station on Tuesday after one of the victims identified them and raised the alarm. Five passports have been recovered from them,\" Additional CP, central, Devesh Chandra Srivastava said.Complainant Karandeep Chawla told police he gave Rs 3 lakh each to Sanjay and Ajeet for arranging a visa to Australia. \"They then sat on his case only to give him photocopies of visa and work permit. On verification with Australian Embassy, these were found to have been forged,\" Srivastava said.During interrogation, Sanjay said he initially ran a travel agency from Janakpuri and moved to Munirka about two years ago. There he came in touch with Ajeet and Raj, who ran a visa racket. They had contacts with some people in Punjab who brought clients to them. Sanjay said he joined them for easy money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17315188", "title": "Rs 700 crore road deals under scanner", "text": "MUMBAI: Road contracts approved by the BMC are under the scanner yet again.Following serious strictures passed by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) on the extent and nature of cost escalations, CM Prithviraj Chavan on Wednesday hinted that he may order a probe and added that fresh provisions introducing a cap on maximum cost escalations permissible for a contract will be imposed.Earlier, there was a furore in the state cabinet meeting on CAG reports over the functioning of the BMC and other urban bodies.In BMC's case, the CAG has objected to payments worth Rs 750 crore, including cost escalation worth Rs 702 crore in road contracts and octroi evasion worth Rs 47 crore. Public works department minister Chhagan Bhujbal termed these variations as an act of corruption. R R Patil (NCP) and Naseem Khan (Congress) also demanded a probe. U D principal secretary Srikant Singh pointed to the absence of a cap on variations.CAG reports for the civic bodies in Nagpur and Nashik were also discussed.The CAG report will be placed in the winter session of the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316343", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcKasab\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s hanging a warning to terrorists\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHENNAI: For the commando team of the National Security Guard that went after the 10 terrorists who launched a murderous assault on Mumbai four years ago, killing 164 people and wounding 308 others, the execution of Ajmal Amir Kasab marked the end of Operation Black Tornado.One of the commandos was from Chennai. Lt Colonel Bharat Singh, of the NSG's 51 Special Action Group, said Kasab's hanging would send a clear message to terrorists who seek to perpetrate violence on Indian soil: \"They will be dealt with firmly if they ever try it again,\" Bharat told TOI on Wednesday.Kasab was the only 26/11 terrorist to be taken alive. Recounting the operation that began on Wednesday, November 26, 2008 and lasted until Saturday, November 29, he said, \"Unfortunately we did not get one of them. We took 60 hours to clear close to 800 rooms and save nearly 600 people. The government took four years to execute one terrorist.\"Bharat, a resident of Royapettah, was a major when the country's worst terror strike took place. He lost two fellow-commandos in the counterattack, Hawaldar Gajendra Singh and Major Sandeep Unnikrishnan. \"I hope at least now Sandy will rest in peace,\" Bharat said of Unnikrishnan. They trained together at the NSG's centre in Maneswar and were close friends.\"I knew something was wrong when we lost contact with Sandy. His last words to a colleague were, 'Mere peeche mat ana. Main dekh loonga un salon ko (Don't come after me, I'll take care of them),'\" Bharat said.Bharat, who grew up in Chennai, studied at Pachaiyappa's College and DG Vaishnav College. Wearing the uniform of a black cat commando was a childhood dream.On November 26, Bharat was at home, watching a cricket match on television. \"When the channels started beaming footage of the attack, I called my commanding officer said I would be there if required,\" he said. His services were requisitioned. From 9.30am to 5.30pm on November 27, the 51 Special Action Group fought a pitched battle against the terrorists at the Trident Oberoi.Bharat, who led a team of 25 men in the Trident Oberoi operation, said, \"We entered the hotel through the fire exits and climbed to the 21st floor.\" Armed with German Heckler &amp; Koch MP-5 submachine guns, the men began a room-by-room search for terrorists and took them down one by one.\"There was no food, no water, no time to go to the toilet,\" he said. \"We were a determined to get them come what may.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17317177", "title": "Full stop for Ajmal Kasab, comma in terror war", "text": "NEW DELHI: Many questions are being raised over the timing of Ajmal Kasab's execution a day ahead of Parliament's winter session, but the date for it \u00e2\u20ac\u201d November 21 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was actually set over two months ago.After Supreme Court confirmed Kasab's death sentence on August 29, the Maharashtra government, in consultation with the additional sessions judge on September 11, agreed on November 21 as the date for his execution. Though a mercy petition was filed subsequently, it was turned down by Maharashtra governor K Sankaranarayanan on September 26.On October 1, the Maharashtra government reconfirmed November 21 as Kasab's hanging date, and conveyed this to the Union home ministry. The Centre acted with extraordinary prompteness in clearing the Kasab file, given the enormity of his crime. The MHA opinion was formulated in less than three weeks and the file forwarded to President Pranab Mukherjee on October 16 with the recommendation that the mercy plea be rejected.The President acted expeditiously. He sent back the file to MHA on November 5, accepting its recommendation to turn down Kasab's petition, again just 20 days after he received the MHA opinion.Shinde signed the file on November 7 and sent it to Maharashtra for action on November 8. Still left with two weeks before the initially agreed date of Kasab's hanging, November 21, the Centre and Maharashtra had the leeway to stick to the original timeframe and decided to do so. The only uncertainty on that count arose because of Pakistan's reluctance to accept the communication that the government was obliged to send under rules, intimating the kin of the death convict.Union home secretary R K Singh wrote to the foreign secretary on November 14 informing him of the decision to hang Kasab on November 21 at Yerwada Central prison and requesting that the information be passed on to Kasab's kin in Pakistan.Consultations followed among Singh, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai, additional secretary in the foreign ministry and India's high commissioner to Islamabad, Sharat Sabarwal, and it was decided that the deputy high commissioner in Islamabad would deliver the information to the Pakistan foreign office, to be passed on to Kasab's family in Okara, Pakistan.Indian deputy high commissioner Gopal Baglay's interlocutor in the Pakistan foreign ministry refused to accept the communication after going through its contents. A fresh round of consultations followed with the home secretary taking the view that the obligation to inform would be deemed to have been discharged by sending a fax, so long as they had a transmission report.There was no doubt about the execution on November 21 once the MEA sent across the \"transmission report\" to MHA. As a matter of ultraprecaution, MHA also asked the deputy high commissioner to courier the information to Kasab's family at the given Pakistani address in Faridkot village, Okara district. The courier was sent on November 20 morning. The Indian authorities did not have to wait to find out whether the document was actually delivered to Kasab's family, as home secretary took the view that the obligation to inform was fulfilled the moment the courier agreed to deliver the packet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320162", "title": "Shriya Saran doesn't have a gym membership", "text": "How does actor Shriya Saran, 30, manage that despite gorging on dark chocolate?South and Hindi film actor Shriya Saran doesn't have a gym membership, and quickly admits she has a generous appetite. Yet, the 5'6\" tall lady carries a figure most women would crave; one that turned heads as she walked the red carpet at the Midnight's Children premiere at the 56th BFI London Film Festival last month, wearing a blue velvet choli that showed off her back.Saran would rather climb down to the compound in her Lokhandwala complex to spend an hour doing free style exercises than be trapped in the \"unnatural AC environs\" of a gym. \"I exercise every day, not because I am an actor but because exercising keeps me healthy and happy,\" she says.Saran chats about her wellness regimen:My fitness funda I don't chase the perfect figure. I'd rather focus on staying and eating healthy. A combination of running, swimming, yoga and circuit training works brilliantly for my body. I am blessed with an active metabolism, which allows me to eat to my heart's content. I prefer Indian food because it's a balanced diet. I pick grilled eats over junk.Mumbai throws a challenge My dad worked for Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited ( BHEL ), and I spent my childhood in Haridwar where he was posted. I was an active kid, cycling with my friends back from Delhi Public School, where my mother taught chemistry. I miss doing that in Mumbai. The city has hardly any walkways, jogging or cycling tracks.How I stay fit I exercise five times a week, and prefer doing it outdoors rather than inside a gym. That way, you sweat more and stay away from unnatural surrounding which air conditioned gyms trap you in. I start with a 20-minute run followed by 25 minutes of circuit training, which is an excellent high intensity but basic workout to strengthen the body. Back extensions, squats, lunges, push-ups, side to side jumps, jumping jacks, sit ups, bicep curls \u00e2\u20ac\u201d I do it all in three sets of 15 repetitions each. The training works out various areas of my body.Next, I spend 10 minutes doing the Suryanamaskar, and finish it off with a five-minute run. I'm done in 60 minutes. While I continue with circuit training, I alternate running with swimming and yoga during the week.Life on set When I have a long, manic shooting schedule, and can't find the time to exercise, I keep aside half an hour every morning for yoga.Otherwise, my exercise regime is driven by the look that a film demands. In Sivaji: The Boss (2007), I had an Indian look \u00e2\u20ac\u201d not slim, not overtly curvy. So, I had to follow a weight training regime, and lose two kilos. For Midnight's Children (2012), for which I played a slum girl, I had to look emaciated. I lost another two kilos for the film and followed a cardio routine, rather than weight training, to achieve the waif look.My strength and weakness I have a flexible body, thanks to the combination exercise routine I follow. But I'm fairly lazy when it comes to working out my legs and back.What I eat I start my day with a glass of orange juice \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it's rich in vitamin C , good for the skin and helps burn fat. After an hour, I have a masala omelette made from two egg whites, a bowl of porridge and a paratha. Between lunch and breakfast, I munch on fruit.Lunch is usually grilled fish with two chapatis, sabzi and daal. I dig Malabar, Andhra and Goan fish curry. I enjoy most vegetables but I am not a fan of karela. And I stay away from red meat.I like having an evening snack of sprout or vegetable salad along with nuts. My mother's chana cutlets, I love. I make sure I eat dinner by 7.30 pm since the body's metabolism slows down late at night, and food is stored as fat.Before going to bed, I have a glass of hot milk drizzled with honey. And I never compromise on sleep.I crave Dark chocolate. My fridge is always stuffed with bars. I am addicted to coffee, which is not such a good thing. But I try keeping my cravings in control.Ankit.Ajmera@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17317900", "title": "Ahead of polls, massive crackdown on liquor, miscreants, arrest 600", "text": "VADODARA: To ensure trouble-free polls in district areas, the rural police have been cracking down on anti-social elements and bootleggers after the assembly election dates were announced on October 3. The cops have seized liquor worth crores of rupees and several hundreds have been detained under various laws in last one-and-half months. Senior police officials said that the crackdown on bootleggers and criminals would continue in coming days.The cops have also ensured that all the licensed weapons in the district are deposited with the police department. \"We stepped up action against the anti-social elements soon after the poll code of conduct came into act. Several police teams have been monitoring the district areas and ensuring that no untoward incidents take place,\" said district superintendent of police (DSP), Sandip Singh.The police conducted 3,315 raids in last one and half month and seized country-made and Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) worth about Rs 1.70 crore. Over 600 people were arrested during these raids. Also, 937 anti-social elements have booked under various acts and either detained under PASA or externed. Twelve accused on the run too have been arrested.Police department sources said they have 2,559 weapons registered with them from district areas. The police ensured that all these weapons are deposited with them barring the ones that are exempted. \"We have also seized three weapons by registering two cases under the Arms Act and prepared a list of people who can cause trouble during the polls. All of them would be arrested,\" Singh told TOI.To prevent liquor flow in the district from Gujarat and the bordering Madhya Pradesh , the police are monitoring 37 points in Vadodara. Also, a meeting with senior MP police officials, too, has been held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319008", "title": "Challenge is a great motivation: Ang Lee", "text": "In a chat with Ang Lee on his attachment to India, his movies and lots moreYou seem very attached to India? Yeah, it's a very spiritual and fascinating country. It's also very inspiring and colourful. The people are extremely kind.What made you choose a novel like The life Of Pi. It is so if I may coin a word.. unfilmable? Really? It's a book that told a story to me. It's fantastic material, very inspiring to me. As you say it seems unfilmable. As a filmmaker a challenge of this sort is a great motivation. Could I make it happen? I like that challenge. The hardest thing for me was, how do I do take it to a conclusion ? How do I examine the theme of illusion within the given range of the illusion of cinema? That was the biggest challenge for me. In trying to figure that out, I got hooked deeper and deeper into the process of making the film. It just had to happen. I had to make it happen.Your last film 'Lust Caution' featured Anupam Kher . Now 'Life Of Pi' features Irrfan Khan, Tabu, Adil Hussain and Suraj Sharma. Do you see cinema losing its nationality? Whatever is interesting I will do it. Right now I can speak and understand Chinese and English. In Life Of Pi there was some Hindi and Tamil which I don't follow. But I'll go wherever there's a great story to tell. The specific cultural aspect can be overcome. In fact the process of getting over cultural hurdles makes filmmaking very interesting to me.Your international career took off in a big way with 'Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon' in the year 2000. How did it change your life and your approach to cinema? Crouching Tiger was done in Chinese. I never thought it would become an international hit and that an Oscar nomination would take me to Hollywood. Before that point I made independent Chinese films. I was put into a unique situation where I didn't have any explanations on the film's sociological context to give to the Western world. People just watched it as something interesting and it became a cross-cultural phenomena. I had to deal with a lot of questions I really had no answer to. For two years, this went on.Then you made your big fat Hollywood movie ? Yes , Hulk. It was a very expensive movie. It was based on very popular American mainstream material. I had done mainstream Asian films. I felt awkward doing mainstream American films. But I wanted to make the film that I felt like making. Sometimes the budget is lower sometime higher. It all depends on what interests at any given point of time.You have covered a wide spectrum from Jane Austen(Sense And Sensibility) to Yann Martel(Life Of Pi). Is the impossible your main motivation? I think in the movies, anything is possible. I never went into a movie with the responsibility of making a global Hollywood movie. But with Hulk and Life Of Pi I had to deal with that aspect. Otherwise my films are relatively low-budgeted.Your most controversial film was Brokeback Mountain, a gay love story? I saw it as a normal love love story. A love story is a love story. I thought the short story on which it is based was incredibly romantic . Because it was about two men the prohibited element made it so romantic. I remember I cried when I read the short story. I didn't take it up right away. I went on to make Hulk before coming back to Brokeback Mountain . It haunted me .Did the success of Brokeback Mountain surprise you? I thought I'd make a small movie which would just be for the arthouse(laughs). But it proved to be something else. I was very nervous when it hit the shopping malls. I was like, 'Uh oh. What did I do?' It was not just a gay love story but also a cowboy western . The two genres had never been brought together in America before. I think it was case of the right time for that kind of a movie.Such versatility.What next? I don't know yet. Life Of Pi has been my most exhausting movie. Normally , when I complete a film the next one hits me. It hasn't happened to me yet. I don't know what I'll do next.Have you watched any Bollywood movies? Not any complete film. I see a lot of films being made. I've seen bits and pieces on television. They remind me of the martial arts in Crouching Tiger &amp; Hidden Dragon .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316351", "title": "Gali Janardhan Reddy seeks bail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy, the key accused in the illegal mining scam on Wednesday urged the CBI court to grant him bail to enable him to participate in the ensuing assembly elections in Karnataka which are scheduled to be conducted within five months from now.I am an active politician and is a sitting MLC and hence I should be allowed to participate in the electoral process, he said. His counsel told the court that though the probe is over, the CBI is unnecessarily dragging the issue and opposing his bail. The court posted the case to Thursday for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316207", "title": "Deviations in apartment complexes anger owners", "text": "HYDERABAD: Members of apartment owners' associations and societies are up in arms against their proprietors as deviations from approved constructions plans are increasingly becoming common, at the cost of shared space and utilities.Irregularities committed by apartment complex developers include conversion of parking into commercial space for lease, construction of penthouses in contravention of the approved plan, converting common areas into offices for the developers, and allowing construction in open areas which were earmarked as undivided land during sale of houses. Owners reason that the GHMC is not being thorough, particularly when according sanction to revised plans and is not intervening during construction.Take the case of Garden Towers in Masab Tank. With close to 300 flats it is among the biggest in the area. The owners' society is fighting the builder-Hyderabad Developers on several issues. The Garden Towers Owners' Society had in 2005 moved the high court when construction of penthouses began. The GHMC (then MCH) was named a respondent. During admission of the petition the corporation had issued instructions to the developer to stop construction. The court had also disposed off the petition by directing the corporation to take action.Over the years, 12 penthouses came up on the existing three blocks, where residents claim that generator rooms, ac rooms and other amenities that were part of the original plan should have come up.The owners also claim that there are irregularities in the share of land allocated to each flat. \"The total undivided area works out to 12,925 square yards but the proprietor holding according to the sales deed shows only 9,222 square yards. There is a deficit of 3,000 square yards. So owners who have been allocated undivided share of land based on what is mentioned in the sale deed, commensurate with the built up area of the flat, have not got what they have paid for and have been cheated,\" alleged Ramakrishna G, President of the society.Another conflict is between the developers of Gayatri Apartments in Kavadiguda and the owners. Owners allege that shops have been constructed in basement illegally. The owners are also in conflict over the parking space and over blocking of common passages. \"Laxity on the part of the GHMC while sanctioning the plans and protecting the rights of the residents though they are property tax prayers is reason behind the irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17315828", "title": "Early morning execution pleasant surprise for Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Some Mumbaikars called it a political move while others said it was a proud moment for Indian democracy. In general, the early-morning news of Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab's execution on Wednesday struck a chord among Mumbaikars.Members of the diamond industry, which has been a terror target more than once, shared congratulatory SMSs throughout Wednesday. Amit Shah , a member of the Bharat Diamond Bourse in Bandra-Kurla Complex, said, \"We're both happy and surprised that the government actually carried out the execution. One had imagined it would take a long time given the way the state machinery operates.\"The hanging came just five days before the fourth anniversary of the 26/11 attack when Kasab and nine of his compatriots went on a killing spree across several locations in Mumbai.Anil Joseph, chairperson of the Perry Road Residents' Association in Bandra, felt the execution was a feel-good gesture by the government on the eve of the anniversary. \"I'm happy that the warped state of politics in our country has at least helped ease the pain of the common Mumbaikar, especially those who lost loved ones in the terror attack,\" he told TOI.Several Mumbaikars said while they were happy with the execution, it was just a step towards closure in the case as the perpetrators of the 26/11 attack were yet to be brought to book.Former police commissioner M N Singh said Kasab's hanging underlined the democratic process in India. \"Kasab, like any ordinary convict, was given all legal avenues and facilities before being executed,\" he said. \"It was a simple case and not like the 1993 serial bomb blasts, which had several accused. Also, importantly, his (Kasab's) mercy plea was rejected early,\" Singh told TOI.Former DGP D S Pasricha echoed the views of many Mumbaikars when he said that Kasab symbolized terrorism, which has no place in this world.\"It's good that the law has taken its own course, and the process was quick by Indian standards. It's important that we get together now to eliminate all the other Kasabs.\" Stating that Indians will have to brace themselves for future terror attacks, he said, \"We need to sensitize people and educate everybody\u00e2\u20ac\u201dfrom children to senior citizens and housing societies\u00e2\u20ac\u201dto alert the police if they found anybody suspicious. Citizens are, after all, the eyes and ears of the police.\"Dr N P Vaswani, who was stuck at the Taj Hotel on 26/11, said justice was finally delivered to the families shattered by the attack. A urologist in Colaba, Dr Vaswani had gone with a nurse to treat a woman from the royal family of Qatar and was waiting in the patient's room until the next evening before commandoes rescued them. Kasab's execution was a \"pleasant surprise\" to the surgeon. \"It was a good thing that the government hanged him without publicizing the event. This ensured that there were no unnecessary interruptions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17317403", "title": "Home department says Kasab\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s stay cost Rs 24 crore, insiders cite Rs 60 crore", "text": "MUMBAI: The government has spent over Rs 60 crore on Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Amir Kasab since his arrest four years ago, if high-ranking bureaucrats and the police brass associated with the probe are to be believed. The home department led by R R Patil, on the other hand, on Wednesday claimed that the state spent around Rs 24 crore.Special public prosecutor Ujwal Nikam had earlier expressed displeasure over the debate on expenditure, saying it was unwarranted and uncalled for. \"The quantum of expenditure is not important; what's important is the fact that our law-enforcing agencies were able to catch Kasab alive. We were able to establish the role of Pakistan in crossborder terrorism because he was alive\" he said.Endorsing the views expressed by Nikam, a senior home department bureaucrat said high expenditure was inevitable in such cases. \"He was in our custody for several days. It's a fact that we spent a huge amount on him. We feel now that he has been hanged, the government should make the entire information on Kasab public,\" he added.The bureaucrat said then Union home minister P Chidambaram visited Mumbai after Kasab was caught alive. Chidambaram had instructed the state home department that all possible measures should be taken to protect Kasab as the possibility of an attempt on his life could not be ruled out. \"A view was taken that if Kasab was killed, there would be no proof with India to prove that he was a Pakistani national,\" he said.On the actual expenditure incurred on Kasab, the bureaucrat said the figure could go well beyond Rs 60 crore. While the daily expenditure incurred on security in and around the jail where Kasab was lodged and on officials and lawyers was Rs 9 lakh, Rs 8 crore was spent to build a special cell in prison and another Rs 1.5 crore to construct a special jail ward at J J Hospital . \"Initially, he was lodged in the anda cell. Later, he was shifted to the specially built cell, which is so strong that even if a truck laden with explosives rams into it, it will not break,\" he said.Further, the bureaucrat said Rs 1 crore was spent on special infrastructure in and around the Arthur Road jail; the state also spent a huge amount on litigation in the sessions court, high court and finally the apex court. \"We will have to pay nearly Rs 30 crore to the ITBP for guarding Kasab . Besides, two companies of the SRPF and sleuths from the crime branch, too, were deployed ,\" he added.The bureaucrat said a huge sum was spent on Kasab's medical treatment and special diet. \"Kasab was entitled to Rs 25 per day towards food, but the government spent more in view of his ill health,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17315999", "title": "Congress leader appointed as officer-on-special-duty for coordination between government, party", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress state general secretary Pukhraj Parashar was appointed officer-on-special-duty (OSD) to chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Wednesday. The appointment came after Congress supremo Sonia Gandhi stressed for a better coordination between the government and the organisation during the party's deliberations at Surajkund (Haryana) early this month. Soon after his appointment, Parashar too said he would play a \"link\" between the government and the organisation. Party men have openly complained on several occasions about the lacking coordination.The appointment, however, recharged the controversy about the party not sticking to its policy of 'one man one post'. Congress state president Chandrabhan once again said he was a supporter of this policy, but expressed his helplessness in getting it enforced. \"Such decisions are taken at the AICC and the chief minister's level,\" Chandrabhan told reporters in response to a question on Wednesday.Even as the PCC officials welcomed the new role assigned to their general secretary, as it promises to achieve coordination between the government and the organisation, there were voices of resentment too among the Congressmen. It was argued that a person on government-salaried post should not be assigned responsibilities in a political organisation. As the CM's OSD, Parashar would draw a salary from the exchequer.On being asked if it was proper for him to simultaneously occupy a political post and a government-salaried post, Parashar said, \"I am following the instructions of my leaders. I will accept whatever they decide.\"At the same time, Parashar is not the first person to occupy salaried as well as political posts or more than one post in the organisation. Union minister of state Lal Chand Kataria is also president of the Jaipur Rural District Congress Committee, minister of state Vinod Chaudhary is also PCC vice-president, minister of state Manju Meghwal is Nagaur DCC president, Rajasthan State Seeds Corporation chairperson is PCC secretary, additional advocate general Sushil Sharma is PCC general secretary and assistant solicitor general Satyendra Raghav is PCC spokesperson. The list has few more names including those of MoS Zahida Khan, MoS Mamta Bhupesh and Rajasthan Mahila Congress president Vijay Laxmi Bishnoi.\"I am a firm believer in one-man-one-post policy. I have discussed about following this with AICC's Rajasthan in-charge Mukul Wasnik and others,\" Chandrabhan said at a press conference on Wednesday.The All India Congress Committee (AICC) incorporated the one-man-one-post rule in the party constitution at its Surajkund session in 1994. The then AICC president P V Narasimha Rao, who was also the Prime Minister then, later brought in an amendment that the rule would not be applicable to the Congress president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17315855", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcUntouchable\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Kuber all set to sail again", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The 'untouchable' Kuber is now back in action. The fishing trawler, which Ajmal Kasab and his gang of killers used to reach Mumbai and unleash terror, had been lying unused as fishermen from Gujarat refused to board the vessel given its bloody past. Four years after 26/11, Kuber is all set to brave the Arabian Sea again. Its owners have decided to hire fishermen from Andhra Pradesh who are unaware of Kuber's history.\"With no one ready to touch the boat, it was lying at Porbandar for months,\" said Hira Masani, who owns the boat with his four brothers. Together, the brothers own a fleet of 20 boats and all of them were interrogated by several agencies in the 26/11 probe before being given a clean chit. Masani's brother Narshi had even tried to commit suicide complaining that he was being harassed by security agencies.Last month, Masani hired 20 people from Andhra. \"After the terror attack, we stopped celebrating festivals as a family. Despite a clean chit from investigating agencies, life never became normal for us. On Wednesday after Kasab was hanged, we burst fire crackers and distributed sweets. It was a delayed Diwali for us,\" he said.Five fishermen, including captain Amarsinh Solanki, were on board Kuber when it was taken over by terrorists. Solanki was brutally killed and bodies of the other fishermen were never recovered.Kuber has now been painted orange after the Gujarat government made it mandatory earlier this year for all the 2,550-odd registered boats in the state to take on the colour for security reasons. The Masani brothers have also fitted a GPS system and a camera in the boat. \"No boat in Porbandar now goes near the area where Kuber was captured,\" Masani said. He also alleged that Pakistan Maritime Security Agency captures boats of Indian fishermen even if there is a little tension between the two countries. National Fish Workers' Forum national secretary Manish Lodhari said soon after the news of Kasab been hanged, five boats and 30 fishermen were apprehended in international waters off the Jakhau coast by the Pakistani agency. \"This has resulted in fishermen constantly living under the shadow of 26/11,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17316086", "title": "South Korean filmmaker depicts ill-effects of capitalism", "text": "PANAJI: Award-winning South Korean filmmaker Kim Ki-Duk, whose film Pieta is being featured in the retrospective section of the International Film Festival of India IFFI) 2012, has said that he wanted to depict people's lives being destroyed by money and this prompted him to make the film that depicts capitalism.Speaking to mediapersons with the help of an interpreter, Duk said that before becoming a filmmaker he worked as a labourer in a factory and never thought he would become an acclaimed filmmaker.Pieta is themed on extreme capitalism and he wanted to show how money, which is an important factor in life, affected people, tore apart families and was the reason for many disputes. But he also sought to depict how humans can eventually be forgiven for their crimes.The film is Duk's first after a three-year hiatus during which he underwent a period of depression. When quizzed about this, Duk said there will be slumps in life...but I have come out more energetic from it and made this film (Pieta).Explaining the reason behind naming his film Pieta, Duk confirmed it was inspired by the famous Michelangelo statue and said he felt \"sadness seeing the statue\".On his first visit to India, Duk who has won the Golden Lion at the Venice film festival this year, said his films were better accepted abroad than in Korea. He said the Korean audience liked Hollywood movies and did not want serious movies. But Duk said that \"even if aspects portrayed in the movies were hurtful, they had to be told.\" He felt issues depicted in films helped people to think about their lives.Other films of Duk that will be screened at the festival include Summer Spring, The Bow, Time, and Breath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17314782", "title": "This Apte too opened for India", "text": "Competition is a term this world seems to run on these days. But like everything else, there was a time when it didn't mean the same. In the good old days of cricket, there was hardly any money but just a lot of love for the game. The opposition was all they had to fight against. The team was their home, their family, and not a silent battleground of 'starlets' trying to find and cement their place in the squad.In a house in Bombay around the 1950s, lived two youngsters, both equally exhilarating and capable. Both brothers were vying for the opener's slot, but neither thought of changing their batting position. The elder brother did exceedingly well for India as an opener and that should have made the younger brother think of changing his batting order. But he continued to open and played some terrific knocks on the 1959 tour of England.A very good opening batsman, Arvind Apte was the younger one. Tall and handsome, stylish and attacking, Arvind was another case of injustice being meted out to a talented player. When asked why he didn't bat in the middle order, he says: \"The thinking was different then, 'bat wherever they ask you to bat'. The year I opened for Bombay, my brother Madhav wasn't in the team but later I did open with him.\"Bapu Nadkarni was a witness to his marvellous of knock of 165, against the famous pair of fast bowlers Jackson and Rhodes of Derbyshire on a green top. \"That was the best knock of the tour. When others found it difficult to negotiate the swing on a green top, Arvind played confidently. His knock was even better than that of Abbas Ali Baig (112) in the Old Trafford Test. Had Arvind not missed the India season after the England tour, perhaps he would have forced his way back into the Indian team,\" Nadkarni says.Had Arvind had opted to play in the middle order when Nari Contractor and Pankaj Roy had settled down in the team as openers, he would have been considered. Apte disagrees: \"In fact, in school and college I started off as a middle-order batsman. Having scored three hundreds on the tour of England, I got only one Test. One can very well imagine the level of politics that prevailed in Indian cricket those days!\"Vasu Paranjape, who played with him since his University days, feels he was a shade better than his elder brother as far as shot production was concerned. \"He had an all-round game and was a very good backfoot player. Everyone remembers and still talk about his knock against Derbyshire.\"When Nari Contractor was injured in the second Test at Lord's, Apte replaced him but failed. \"Let me put it this way: those days you had to grab the chance. Had he performed in the only Test that he played, perhaps he would have continued to be part of the team. When I opened with Pankaj Roy, there were several openers who couldn't get into the team and Arvind was one of them. There was no doubt Arvind was a very good batsman,\" opines Contractor.We have seen many cases of middle-order batsmen opening the innings. Dilip Sardesai and Ashok Mankad opened, whereas opener ML Jaisimha moved to the middle order. Vinoo Mankad batted virtually at all the positions. Ravi Shastri and WV Raman started as tailenders and later opened. Sehwag moved from the middle order to open the innings. But this was not the case in the 1950s and 1960s.Arvind Apte's case was such that after a single failure, the selectors sitting in India forgot his knocks in the side games of the 1959 tour. At a time when the Indian middle order was brittle, he could have got a few more Tests. But Apte's passion was beyond politics to really care about it.His dear friend Rajsingh Dungarpur once joked, \"No Test begins at Lord's unless I and Arvind spend a day before the Test walking around the Lord's.\"Arvind went to Philadelphia after the English tour to do a course in textile engineering.His is another case of brilliance frittered because of others' faults. But these setbacks didn't make him forget cricket. At 78, he continues to enjoy watching and discussing the game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17400267", "title": "Congress mounts protests against Nagar Suraj", "text": "RAIPUR: Amidst the BJP government embarking on a Nagar Suraj campaign to reach out to the masses, opposition Congress on Wednesday announced a \" Save Chhattisgarh\" campaign to highlight the alleged omissions and commissions of the Raman Singh government.Chief minister Raman Singh, his cabinet colleagues and party functionaries are on a 'Nagar Suraj' campaign in municipal corporations, municipal councils and 168 nagar panchayats to address the problems in the respective areas.The chief minister, who was in Durg on Wednesday, said his government would take stock of the problems in the areas and would initiate action to address them on priority basis. However, the Congress has stepped up its opposition against such a campaign saying that it was aimed at diverting the attention of the people ahead of next year's assembly elections.Congress workers have been staging protest marches in urban areas and holding rallies to what they termed as 'expose the BJP government'. Continuing their protest, state Congress president Nandkumar Patel, leader of the opposition Ravindra Choubey and other party functionaries courted arrest in the state capital.Speaking at a \"save city campaign\", organised at the party office here, Patel said the people of the state were waiting for an opportunity to push out the BJP government which, he said, had failed on all fronts during its nine-year rule. He said the Congress would soon chalk out a \"save Chhattisgarh campaign\" to make the people aware of the BJP government's alleged misdeeds.Leader of the opposition Ravindra Choubey said the BJP government was organizing such campaign to hide its failures and to contest the election on a 'feel good factor'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17318244", "title": "Too emotional to comment: Sabina family", "text": "GUWAHATI: Kasab's execution on Wednesday morning might have made an outraged nation feel avenged for the 26/11 attacks, but for the family of Sabina Sehgal Saikia, who was killed in the attack, the event was too \"emotional\" to evoke any comment.Sabina, a journalist with the Times of India, was married to Santanu Saikia, an Assamese scribe based in New Delhi. \"The event is an emotional one, so I would not like to comment on the hanging of Kasab. It does not make any sense,\" said Santanu.Sabina was at the Taj Mumbai on the fateful day when the terrorists laid siege on the posh hotel, one of the five sites that were attacked. She was a consulting editor with the Times of India.Remembering her 'bou', Geena Saikia, Santanu's sister, said, \"Bou was a qualified, talented person. She was the most lovable and kind person I have met in my life. I and my family would like not to comment on the hanging of Kasab. It was the government's decision.\"She added, \"There will be a 'shraddha' ceremony on November 26, which will be a family affair.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316334", "title": "Power generation hit by technical snags", "text": "HYDERABAD: Repeated breakdowns of thermal power plants due to technical snags are skewing the power supply position across the state.As much as 1100 MW of thermal power generation has been lost due to these break downs on Wednesday after five thermal plants reported technical snags. According to APGenco sources, the snags are occurring because the annual shutdown and capital maintenance has not happened as yet.The delay in carrying out the annual shutdown in thermal power plants is because of soaring electricity demand and lower output from hydropower plants, hit by weak rainfall during the monsoon season. It is this that is triggering breakdowns in the coal-fired generation units, they added.At present, Vijayawada thermal station unit 1 and 6, Kothagudem thermal station unit 5 and 6 and Kakatiya thermal plant near Warangal have shut down causing a shortage of 1100 MW every day. It would take at least one week for all the units to resume functioning. In particular, the 500 MW Kakatiya thermal plant near Warangal and 6 and 7 units at Vijayawada thermal station are reporting high number of technical snags even after stabilization forcing the state to resort to the Srisailam hydel power during peak hours.However, the hydel units are not of much help as several hydel power stations too have become inoperational due to precarious water levels in the reservoirs. The deficient monsoon rainfall has hurt hydropower generation in the state significantly, putting more pressure on thermal power generators as demand for electricity rises from consumers for cooling needs and farmers for irrigation using electric pumps.The state government had asked the state-owned APGenco, country's third biggest power generator, to keep its plants running due to huge shortfall in hydel power generation during rainy season. According to senior officials of AP Genco, the risk of a breakdown is always there if repair and maintenance doesn't take place and every year some units at a project would have to go for capital maintenance like replacement of worn out equipment.The state has five thermal stations producing 5,092 MW power at 23 units of various generation capacities. APGenco is the third largest power generating and the second highest hydro power generating utility in the country. It has achieved highest total energy generation and highest thermal power generation in 2008-09, first time since its inception. The plant load factor was 86.7% against the all India average of 77.2%.The hydro-power generation was 85% of available capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "17314986", "title": "Contractor made captive following detention of six workers in Gujarat", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: A labour contractor Jhingur Manjhi of Kharauna village under Turki police outpost (OP), who had provided workers to Mehsana under Gujarat sometimes ago on assurance of payment of Rs 4,000 a month per person, has been detained in a room at Taarsan village of the same OP for the last 36 hours by angry villagers to protest the detention of half-a-dozen Mahadalit workers from the same village in Gujarat.The villagers complained that the contractor, locally called 'thekedar', had lured some labourers from the village on the hope of remunerative wages and good living condition to them from employers in Gujarat and had sent them to Mehsana to work in the fields. However, they were not paid the wages as assured.When the labourers complained to the employers, they were allegedly detained and were not allowed to return to their village. The local villagers went into shock and made captive the contractor. He was locked inside a room and was not given food and water. The police reached there to release him on Wednesday but had to return following the aggressive mood of villagers.Those who have been detained in Gujarat have been identified as Harendra Manjhi, Bhola Manjhi, Lalu Manjhi, Ramchandra Manjhi, Chandar manjhi and Kisundev Manjhi. Two of the labourers who had gone from Taarsan village are also reported to have died there. The villagers informed that Surendar Manjhi of Raghai village under Minapur PS area and Md Idris of Kasturia village under Sheohar district, both labour contractors, were also involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai/new delhi", "code": "17315988", "title": "Law and order considerations led to choice of Yerawada jail", "text": "MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: Maharashtra government decided to hang Ajmal Kasab in Pune's Yerawada jail and bury his body inside the high-security prison because of law and order considerations.Although Yerawada and Nagpur prisons, both central jails, are the only prison complexes in the state with facilities for execution of death sentence, sources said the sentence could have been carried out inside Arthur Road jail itself if the authorities had so wished.The government was more comfortable with Yerawada as the site for Kasab's hanging, sources said.Sources in Delhi confirmed that Yerwada was Maharashtra government's choice.Anxieties about repercussions for law and order were also the reason why government decided to bury Kasab inside the jail complex. In doing so, it was only following the script it used for burying incognito nine others who had executed Lashkar's plot to maim Mumbai on November 26, 2008.The Mumbai attacks evoke sharp emotions in the city where Shiv Sena has been edgy since the death of its leader Bal Thackeray.Besides the problem in sending across the bodies to Pakistan at a time when it was in denial mode about being the launch pad for the terrorist strike, authorities chose to bury them secretly also to eliminate the possibility of the graves of the slain terrorists being exploited by jihadis for their own ends.The location where the nine Lashkar terrorists were buried has been kept under wraps in what many see as evidence of the high degree of professionalism among security forces and intelligence agencies.Although intelligence agencies did not apprehend any trouble in the wake of the hanging, Maharashtra government on Wednesday sounded a red alert to guard against trouble makers seeking to whip up passions.The US gave Osama bin Laden a sea burial because it feared that the Al-qaida would have turned the grave of its commander into a rallying point and a source of inspiration for terrorists. The exact spot where Osama's body was dumped into the sea is known only to US defence personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "moga", "code": "17316590", "title": "2 more including nephew arrested in former MLA murder case", "text": "MOGA: Moga police have arrested two more accused in the killing of former SAD MLA Malkit Singh Keetu, who was murdered on October 29 at his Bilaspur village residence. His three nephews were among the five persons booked for the murder. Two others including another nephew were arrested on November 5.Moga SSP Surjit Singh Grewal said: \"MLA's another nephew and main accused Harpreet Singh and Harpal Singh have been arrested on Wednesday from near Bilaspur. Harpreet was away to get some money and in the meantime, villagers produced Harpal Singh before the police.\"\"Initially, Harpal was not among the accused but when we found that the weapon used in the crime belonged to him, his name was added to the case,\" the SSP said.Police was under fire for not making any arrests despite knowing whereabouts of the accused. Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal had asked ADGP (law and order) S K Sharma to probe the incident and ensure that arrests were made soon. Both Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal and deputy CM Sukhbir Badal had visited the bereaved family.Keetu had won the election from Barnala assembly constituency in 1997 and 2002 but he had lost the elections in 2007 and 2012 to Kewal Singh Dhillon of Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17314875", "title": "What's Indian govt stand, asks Savita's brother", "text": "BELGAUM: The family of Savita Halappanavar wants to know the stand of the Indian government in the case.Her brother, Sanjeev Yalagi, a software engineer in Bangalore, told TOI: \"Our family wants an independent investigation into the case. We demand necessary amendments to the Irish law which restricts termination of pregnancy as long as there is a fetal heartbeat even though the mother's life may be at risk. We have conveyed this to our government. But, we don't know yet what the government's stand on this issue.''According to Sanjeev, they are dependent on media reports for most of the developments in Ireland, India and other parts of the world. \"So far, media reports have not focused on action of the Indian government in the case. Is the government working on the issue but keeping the family and media in the dark?\" he asked.The family isn't aware if the Indian government has corresponded with the Irish government on this issue. \"What has it done? We still don't know if the Indian government supports our cause or not,'' he said.He said his brother-in-law Praveen Halappanavar was in Ireland. \"He is getting a lot of support from the Indian community in Ireland and the locals too. If required, I'm ready to go and support Praveen there. But, so far, that situation hasn't arisen,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17316710", "title": "New ministers scout for rooms at Writers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "KOLKATA: After eight new ministers joined the Mamata Banerjee government on Wednesday, many were scouting for their chambers and it is now going to be a major task for the PWD to accommodate the new ministers. Moreover, the ministers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who are not from the city \u00e2\u20ac\u201d have already started pleading for their residential quarters.In the overcrowded state secretariat , sources said, plans are on to convert the room meant for a departmental secretary on the second floor to a minister's chamber.A plush room on the second floor of the secretariat, which was earlier occupied by the former irrigation minister Manas Bhuniya, is now being used by Mukul Ray, the adviser to the transport department. Ray would continue to occupy the room as the new irrigation minister Rajib Banerjee will get a chamber in Salt Lake's Sech Bhavan.Subrata Bakshi, who was earlier the PWD minister, now occupies a room on the second floor of the Writers' as he heads the state highways corporation. However, sources said that he could hardly be seen occupying the room. Whether Bakshi will vacate his office for any new minister is not yet clear.Except the minister of state for Sunderbans affairs, Manturam Pakhira, who has got an office at Salt Lake's Mayukh Bhavan, all were busy at the Writers' on Wednesday for new chambers.Krishnendu Narayan Chowdhury, however, was prompt to occupy the office meant for the tourism minister, as the outgoing minister Rachpal Singh did not come to his chamber on Wednt Lake.Pundarikakshya Saha, who is the MoS of PHE department, has been given an office at the New Secretariat. The newly-appointed MoS for agriculture and child development, Becharam Manna, may have his office at the Writers' Buildings, while animal resources minister Humayun Kabir and MoS for minority affairs, Giasuddin Mollah, may get offices in Salt Lake.Chandrima Bhattacharya, who was made the MoS for the law department a month ago, was also looking for a room at the secretariat. With Moloy Ghatak being shifted to agriculture from law, Bhattacharya can hopefully occupy the law minister's chamber, sources said. Whether the outgoing MIC for agriculture Rabindranath Bhattacharya will vacate his office immediately for Ghatak is not yet clear, since the former has been named the statistics and programme implementation minister.Shyamal Mondal, the former Sunderbans affairs minister, may vacate his quarters at Salt Lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17314639", "title": "Vaginal swabs aren't Aarushi's, expert tells court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aarushi Talwar's vaginal smears sent to a Hyderabad lab for analysis did not contain her DNA, an expert told the court hearing the Aarushi-Hemraj murder case, on Wednesday. SPR Prasad, senior technical examiner at the Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics (CDFD), Hyderabad said female DNA was found on the four slides but it did not match Aarushi's DNA.He, however, said the samples taken from Aarushi's room, including a bedsheet, an undergarment, a pillow with cover and a mattress, bore the murdered teenager's DNA. \"All these samples have DNA of one female and this female's DNA matches with blood samples of doctors Rajesh and Nupur Talwar. It can be concluded that this female is the biological daughter of the couple,\" Prasad said.Prasad's testimony came as relief for the three domestic helps, Krishna, Rajkumar and Vijay Mandal, suspected in the case. He told court that their DNA was not found on samples taken from the Talwar house \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a palm imprint taken from the terrace, a Ballantine whisky bottle, a broken comb (belonging to Hemraj) and two razors (Hemraj's).He also deposed about the mixing up of labels on two pillow covers, one from Hemraj's room and the other from Krishna's room. \"On March 17, 2011, CDFD received a letter from the SP (CBI) asking for a clarification on the mix-up. We checked records and found that the covers were labeled incorrectly, and had been interchanged. We submitted this clarification report to the CBI on March 24, 2011,\" said Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17315544", "title": "Green brigade files petition on depleting levels of groundwater", "text": "NOIDA: City-based environmentalists filed a petition with the National Green Tribunal on Wednesday alleging rapid depletion of groundwater levels in Gautam Budh Nagar by large-scale construction and industrial activities. The petition has demanded proper assessment of depletion of groundwater levels besides penal action against those violating guidelines of the National Water Policy, 2002 and the Central Groundwater Authority in overexploiting the resource.The activists have placed the onus on packaged drinking water plants too for causing severe drops in groundwater levels. The petition has been filed based upon comparison of data collected by the Central Groundwater Board for the years 2007 and 2011 through the Groundwater Information System.The activists have also relied upon information collected through RTI applications from the UP Groundwater Department, as per which, between the years 2006 and 2011, groundwater level in Greater Noida has gone down at the rate of 20cm per year, while in Noida it has depleted at 70cm annually.\"The Jamia Millia University had also written to Noida Authority last year expressing concerns about the alarming rates of decline of groundwater levels,\" said petitioner Vikrant Tongad.The varsity had mentioned in its letter to the Authority that 'at the time of commissioning of Noida, water level was found in the range of 10 feet as minimum to 19 feet as maximum.However, at present it has gone down to 70 feet as minimum and 123 feet as maximum'.Activists informed that the Environment Pollution (Prevention and Control) Authority of NCR, during an inspection of the Shahdara Drain two years back, had noted that large quantities of groundwater were being discharged into the drain after extraction by construction companies. \"Large-scale dewatering is being resorted to for laying foundations of buildings,\" added Tongad.The petition has demanded for the development and implementation of groundwater recharge projects, in accordance with the National Water Policy, to improve the quality and availability of the resource. \"Exploitation of groundwater resources should be regulated so as not to exceed recharging possibilities,\" said Tongad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17317876", "title": "GIS in green polyhouses to aid Kodai farmers", "text": "MADURAI: A horticulture farm in Gundupatti in Kodaikanal block of Dindigul district has gone high-tech with the installation of the GIS (geographic information system), as part of a pilot project. The GIS provides global access to promote site-specific farming for the first time in Tamil Nadu.According to S Raja Mohamed, deputy director horticulture (Central schemes) Kodaikanal, the programme has been launched with the objective of locating polygreen houses using GIS. It is being built with the help of subsidy assistances from the National Horticulture Mission (NHM) for the year 2012-13, in the spatial imagery and to add the attribute data (obtained during the field work) to those polyhouse features.The GIS-initiative project was taken up by the department of horticulture, Kodaikanal division in co-ordination with the agriculture engineering department, Dindigul division and Remote Sensing and GIS Lab, ECE department, Thiagarajar College of Engineering (TCE). The processes involved includes the raw imagery (the satellite imagery of the location containing the poly houses is obtained), geo-referencing (the spatial data is geo-referenced using the particular toolbar), digitisation and photo-annealing (the images of the polyhouses are also attached with the point features by defining a field of type 'raster').Mohamed said that development and implementation of precision farming or site-specific farming has been made possible by combining the GPS and GIS. These technologies enable the coupling of real-time data collection with accurate position information, leading to the efficient manipulation and analysis of large amounts of geospatial data.GPS-based applications in precision farming are being used for farm planning, field mapping, soil sampling, tractor guidance, crop scouting, variable rate applications and yield mapping in the developed countries. The carnations grown in polyhouses in Kodaikanal are of international quality coming next only to their famous Columbian counterparts. If accessible over the GPS, cut flower cultivators in the region can become global entrepreneurs without the interference of middlemen as their buyers can get details about them from anywhere in the world.Precision farming is now changing the way farmers and agribusinesses view the land from which they reap their profits. Position information system provides position data with acceptable degree of accuracy, available on demand at any time and at any location and is able to interface with other equipment. Farmers using the GPS system have the advantage of utilizing their land to the maximum.According to Mohamed and G Kandasamy, deputy director of horticulture (state schemes), four poly green houses of 8,754 sq metres, belonging to four beneficiaries of Gundupatti in Kodaikanal block, were built with the subsidy being provided under NHM during the year 2012-2013.With the help of the agriculture engineering department, Dindigul, ground control points (GCP) with GPS measurement for the poly houses were taken and were processed with the help of R A Alaguraja, associate professor, ECE department, TCE for representing these poly houses using GIS.Mohamed said that the GIS would provide a big advantage to farmers especially those into the floral industry, which is the cut flower industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319281", "title": "Colourful start to DAV sports meet", "text": "The annual sports meet for the junior wing of DAV Public School, BRS Nagar, set off to a colourful start on Wednesday. The meet was declared open by principal R S Patial, and Niyati from UKG-C administered the oath of fair play. The event began with the display of various yoga poses by UKG students. Next was the dumb bell show by the little ones who gave a synchronized performance, perfected with accurate timing and precision. This was followed by the \"Waka Waka\" dance performance which enthralled the audience. The UKG sports meet came to a close with the heart-warming words of the officiating principal Sudesh Patial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17315786", "title": "Police nab four for tampering with cheques", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police registered a case on Tuesday against four persons for attempting to cheat a government department by forging a cheque of Rs 22 lakh. While three accused who were questioned till early hours of Tuesday morning by the Gomtinagar police were sent to jail on remand on Tuesday noon, the mastermind was at large and his last location was traced to Rae Bareli Road.Sanjay Kesarwani, Lalji Mishra and Badriprasad Patel had gone to Vipin Khand branch of SBI bank to encash a cheque valued Rs 22 lakh towards payment for the mid-day meal scheme run by food and civil supplies department. The group had duped several financial institutions adopting similar modus operandi in Sultanpur, Pratapgarh and Lucknow, police said.Alert bank employees informed the police about the trio as soon as they received the cheque for payment. The trio was asked by the bank staff to wait while one of them sent out an SOS call to police. The team arrived at the bank located opposite CSI towers near Parag milk booth and overpowered the trio. Though mastermind of the said case Babloo Tiwari fled the scene, he was waiting outside the premises of the bank and got wind of the situation as he saw policemen rush into the bank.The cops brought the trio to the police station and got Tiwari's number which was put on surveillance subsequently. Tiwari, reportedly answered some phone calls made by policemen posing as his acquaintance and well wishers, but he was smart enough to switch it off and dispose his cell phone before the team could have nabbed him, told the police.The police claimed Tiwari along with Sanjay, had played out successfully several more cases of cheque forgery and were gathering more information regarding his background from Kunda police, the native place of Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17316692", "title": "Gorkha Janmukti Morcha delegation meets home secretary with department transfer demand", "text": "KOLKATA: A Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) delegation, led by general secretary Roshan Giri, met home secretary Basudeb Banerjee at the Writers' Buildings on Wednesday to discuss transfer of departments to the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) and speedy execution for withdrawing the pending cases. The GJM delegation is scheduled to meet chief minister Mamata Banerjee at the Writers' on Thursday to discuss their demands.Giri said that the home secretary, along with other senior officers, will visit Darjeeling to hold a meeting on these issues. \"We met the home secretary today to discuss the transfer of departments and also asked for expediting all cases that are pending. We have requested the home secretary, the district magistrates of Darjeeling and Jalpaiguri and the IG North Bengal range to withdraw the cases,\" Giri said after the meeting with the home secretary on Wednesday.Giri also said of the Rs 200 crore, that the Centre is to provide to GTA, about Rs 65 crore has been disbursed, while another Rs 24 crore was given as a special allocation. A tripartite agreement was signed on July 18, 2011, under which certain powers were to be given to the GTA and the Centre was to pay Rs 600 crore \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rs 200 crore a year \u00e2\u20ac\u201d over three years for Darjeeling's development.According to him, the process of transferring the government departments to GTA is getting delayed. \"Out of the 58 departments that we have asked for, 26 have been handed over so far,\" Giri said. The Morcha is demanding transfer of all departments by December 31. Earlier, the Morcha leaders were not happy over the recommendations of the Shyamal Sen committee on inclusion of additional areas of the Dooars and Terai in GTA.We met the home secretary today to discuss the transfer of departments and also asked for expediting all cases that are pending. We have requested the home secretary, the district magistrates of Darjeeling and Jalpaiguri and the IG North Bengal range to withdraw the cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320369", "title": "Sher Khan is a double hero film", "text": "The human 'Tiger' Salman Khan will share screen space with a computer-generated tiger in Sohail Khan's Sher Khan. Contrary to reports in TOI claiming that Sohail Khan's film Sher Khan has been 'canned' , the film is all set to to roll in January 2013.Confirming this and refuting rumours that Salman has halted the project for the want of a Bengal Tiger, Sohail speaking from outside India said, \"Once I start shooting in January all the rumours and speculation will die down. I am out of the country, so I've no idea about what's being written about my film. Even if I am in India I am too busy with pre-production to pay attention to rumours.\"Sohail confirms a real-life tiger would play a pivotal part in the film along with Salman. \"The film is a two-hero project, the human tiger (Salman) and the animal tiger,\" says Sohail.One learns from a source that it's already been decided the tiger would be computer-generated. Says the source, \"With the Animal Welfare Board breathing down their necks there is no question of a real tiger being used. Besides the Sher Khan unit has to be careful of Salman's neurological condition. Any stress can trigger it off. They aren't taking any chances.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17314816", "title": "Man jailed for molesting daughter", "text": "NEW DELHI: Relying on the testimony of the victim and her mother, a trial court has sentenced a man to one year rigorous imprisonment for sexually molesting his eight-year-old daughter.Metropolitan magistrate Kiran Gupta dismissed the leniency plea by the central Delhi resident Jaipal saying, \"The custodian of the child is the father on whom not only rests the responsibility of building character / career and upbringing of the child but he is also a vital part of her life. If the father himself is found guilty of such a heinous offence, no mitigating circumstances can be found to reduce the sentence.\"On the night of May 18, 2011, when the child's mother had gone to the bathroom, Jaipal had sexually molested his sleeping daughter, said the prosecution. The mother had rushed back to the room on hearing her daughter's scream and saw what her husband was doing. On being caught, he had beaten up his wife and the victim and threatened to kill them if they disclosed the incident to anyone, it had added.Jaipal, however, claimed that his wife had implicated him in the case as she wanted some property in her name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17316439", "title": "Citizens laud Ajmal Kasab hanging", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Citizen groups in the city welcomed the hanging of Amir Ajmal Kasab , the only surviving assailant in Mumbai terror attack of 2008 and celebrated by distributing sweets and bursting firecrackers.A group fired crackers and demonstrated placards supporting the action at Madrasi Mandir in Khokhra on Wednesday morning as soon as the news of the death sentence being carried out spread. Harshad Patel, a social worker from Amraiwadi, said, \"We welcome the death sentence. For Indians, Diwali has come again,\" he said.Gyasuddin Shaikh, member of state legislative assembly from Shahpur, along with his supporters held a demonstration at Lal Dwaraja welcoming the death sentence. tnn\"Terrorists have no religion. They are enemies of all mankind. Islam also preaches peace and brotherhood. This is true homage to the 161 innocent citizens who died in the terror attack. The process has also given the message to the world that there is rule of law in India and the accused is given due chance to put forth his case,\" a press note from Shaikh stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17315329", "title": "Experts, denizens debate traffic issues", "text": "GURGAON: With senior administration officials, RWA functionaries, corporate houses and other experts coming together to find solutions to traffic problems in Gurgaon, the citizens can hope for at least some relief from the daily traffic issues.During the past couple of years, apart from other issues traffic has become one of the most serious problems which Gurgaon is facing. The quality of transport infrastructure in the city has progressively deteriorated while the volume of inbound and outbound traffic has grown manifold leading to perpetual jams at key intersections. Other issues ailing the traffic system included poorly planned and structured road intersections, near-lack of public transport and inadequate parking spaces.Speaking at the workshop on 'Finding Traffic Solutions for Gurgaon' hosted by Gurgaon Renewal Mission, HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar said, \"There is an urgent need for sustainable and integrated solutions for solving transport and traffic problems of Gurgaon. HUDA is looking for a strategic development plan and its proper implementation to reduce the crisis in the city.\"The workshop was conducted in two sessions that discussed the existing traffic issues and possible technological solution and more importantly the way forward to solve the issues.Nisha Singh, MCG Councillor, said, \"I feel the elected mayor of a given area should also be given more powers like having a say while designing urban areas, roads, traffic systems. It is a mayor whom residents go to with their problems. So they should be given responsibilities and have the power to implement changes.\"Lt-Gen Rajender Singh, CEO, DLF Foundation, said Gurgaon was a fast-growing city in terms of infrastructure, and commercial and financial investment. \"All concerned should come together and try to solve the issue. The quality of traffic infrastructure in the city needs to improve considerably not merely to cope with current traffic volumes but also address future growth as Gurgaon is a city of the future for sure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ankleshwar", "code": "17317818", "title": "Eight buffaloes electrocuted in Bharuch village", "text": "ANKLESHWAR: Eight buffaloes were electrocuted at Sajod village of Ankleshwar taluka on Wednesday morning.The buffaloes were going for grazing when they came in contact with a live wire of an electric pole damaged by a truck, sources said.A delegation of villagers lodged a complaint with senior officials of Dakshin Gujarat Vij Company Ltd (DGVCL) against staff for negligence. They said DGVCL officials had earlier assured the villagers that the wire was not live and there was no danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "curchorem", "code": "17316006", "title": "Protest against mines closure on Friday", "text": "Curchorem: The Goa Mining People's Front on Tuesday urged all mining-dependent people to participate in a dharna on November 23 at Azad Maidan, Panaji , to protest the closure of mines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17316079", "title": "Pillar to Post Cylinder cry", "text": "For over 20 years the HP dealer in Mapusa has been supplying cylinders to customers' residences. A few days ago he started asking people to pay the amount at the time of booking and to collect the cylinder from the go-down.This is OK if one has a four-wheeler and is below 60 years old. But what about senior citizens; how are they supposed to get a refill?Bosco Vaz, MapusaOfficial SpeakDomestic LPG is a home-delivered product and should not be delivered to consumers from the go-down.Ex-go-down deliveries can be made only in exceptional cases and with the consent of consumers along with a cash and carry rebate of 15.Jacob Briansenior regional manager, HPCLRoad rueOn September 22, the consumer cell of the Siolim-Marna Child Welfare Committee wrote to the directorate of transport and the PWD regarding the accident prone zone on the Ganeshpuri-Marna road. The site inspection reports of the RTO and traffic police were also attached. We have yet to see any action in this regard.Gregory E D'Souza, SiolimOfficial SpeakWe have proposed a bypass road that would be adjoining the existing 8m-wide road behind the chapel. We prepared the alignment report and, about 20 days ago, we sent the proposal to higher authorities to acquire land.Senior official, PWD, MapusaBilling queryI would like to know what 'Elect Duty Charges' and 'Sundry Charges' in the electricity bill are for.Tony de Cruz, via emailOfficial Speak'Elect Duty Charges' are the duty charges, akin to a tax, applied to all electricity consumers. 'Sundry Charges' could be for anything from a bounced cheque, to a back-bill to an amount pending that the customer has at some point of time not paid.It's best to check the printing of the bill properly as sometimes, if the alignment is wrong, another section's charges may appear to have been placed under 'Sundry Charges'.Official, billing section,electricity department, Panaji", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17314578", "title": "'Working on Kasab case a moving experience'", "text": "BANGALORE: For this National Law School of India University (NLSIU) student, the connection with the Kasab case is unique. Rishi Shroff, a final year student at the premium law college in the country, interned with the judge who was part of the bench handling Kasab's trial.Rishi's stint with Justice C K Prasad, one of the two judges who upheld Kasab's death sentence, was part of the internship programme that NLSIU students usually pursue in the Supreme Court. There were 17 students working with different judges then. The CV is sent through the college and the selection is made by the court.Rishi's entire one month in Tilak Marg in February 2012 was dedicated to this particular case. \"As an intern with a judge, you have to attend all the matters he attends to. So we have to follow up the case and read previous judgments, arguments and files. There are subjects the judge wants us to do research on. Twice a week, there would be admissions of Special Leave Petitions (SLPs) in SC. I would have to read the files, make a summary of the case and present it to him,\" Rishi told TOI from Washington DC where he is on an exchange study programme.Rishi had the experience of a lifetime working on the high-profile case. \"The first thing I did was to read the Bombay high court judgment. It runs into thousands of pages. It was a shocking read. It had a detailed account of the event - far more than what I had read from the media, about the larger conspiracy and the role of people outside the country. I got to see footages from the CCTVs in all hotels. I heard the audio conversation between the terrorists within and outside the country. These were things that were not released to the public. It was a moving experience,\" Rishi recalled.\"Moreover, I am an aspiring lawyer. It was a pleasure to see both the counsels argue out the matter. I enjoyed how Gopal Subramaniam explained the larger conspiracy and Kasab's role in it. It was the same with Raju Ramachandran's arguments. It was a delight to see how they applied law in the high profile case. The hearing bench, at the same time, gave equal opportunity to hear all sides,\" he said.Rishi did not know what the judgment would be when he went back to college after the internship, but he says it was what he expected. \"The debate on capital punishment is a long one. I have a personal loss as well with the 26/11 tragedy. I also feel that what is worse than death is the fear of being killed one day. Kasab was at least saved from that fear,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17314767", "title": "2 Manipur women complain of harassment", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two aspiring air hostesses from Manipur were allegedly harassed by a 25-year-old man in Munirka, south Delhi, on Wednesday.The victims and the youth stay in the same building and around 1.15am, the youth knocked on their door. \"We asked him not to knock and warned that we will inform the police. When we informed our landlord, instead of helping us, he told us to vacate the room. So we called the cops,\" told one of the victims to North East Support Centre and Helpline.Police are probing the incident under Sections 107/151 (brawl) of CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316452", "title": "Medavakkam among 13 growing realty markets", "text": "CHENNAI: Medavakkam in south Chennai is expected to outscore all other residential hubs in the state in terms of real estate appreciation in the next five years, according to a report released by realty consultant Knight Frank.It is among the 13 most happening places across the country that would appreciate more than 90% in the next five years, the report said. Ulwe in Navi Mumbai and Wadala and Chembur in Mumbai figure on the list.Seven of the top nine spots on this list are in Mumbai and Pune. While rates in Ulwe are expected to rise 145% in five years, in Wadala and Chembur the hike is likely to be 133% and 125%, the report said. The report seeks to identify areas that will develop because of factors such as job creation, infrastructure development and lifestyle change.\"We identified 100 cities using banking penetration, hotel room demand, and air passenger traffic as surrogates for business activities. For infrastructure development, the current and proposed investment in infrastructure was taken as proxies,\" said Samantak Das, director, Knight Frank.Taking a number of factors into consideration, the firm identified Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai and Pune as the top five cities to identify investment opportunities.Of the 13, the top three areas are in Mumbai. They are followed by Noida Extension and Dwarka Expressway in the National Capital Region (NCR), Medavakkam in Chennai and Hinjewadi in Pune. The cheapest areas identified by the study are Noida Extension in NCR and K R Puram in Bangalore, where prices range from 3,200 to 3,245 per sq ft. At the other end are Wadala and Chembur, where market prices reign in the region of 12,000 to 15,000 per sq ft.Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (CREDAI) Tamil Nadu chapter president Sandeep Mehta said, \"Medavakkam is an emerging location, no doubt. But it is tough to say whether it will have the maximum appreciation in the near future. It has some advantages like wide interior roads, good connectivity to the Old Mahabalipuram Road, Velachery, Pallavaram and Tambaram. It is close to many residential hubs, IT parks, schools, entertainment facilities and commercial establishments. These are factors that drive the real estate growth in any city.\"CREDAI Tamil Nadu secretary Suresh Krishn had launched a residential apartment project in Medavakkam two years ago at 2,800 per sq ft. \"We have completed the project and today it is going at 4,200 per sq ft,\" he said. The Planning Commission's projection of a housing shortage of 26 million units does not reflect the demand for housing but the need, said Das. Employment generation will translate that need into demand by increasing affordability, he said, adding, \"Our research is targeted at the end-user market\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17314979", "title": "UP bans celebration of Ajmal Kasab hanging", "text": "NOIDA: Following the execution of Ajmal Kasab , the state administration has banned any celebration or public gathering in Uttar Pradesh. The additional director general (law and order) has put the state on a high alert and said no celebration or gathering will take place till the next order. All district police departments have been alerted and asked to keep a close watch. However, despite the order, celebrations were reported in various parts of the state.ADG (law and order) Arun Kumar told TOI, \"I have asked all DIGs, SSPs, SPs, ASPs, circle officers, station officers and chowki in-charges to keep a watch on every development that could spark violence. In addition, it has also been directed to put in place quick reaction teams in all police lines and police stations.\"\"Following the directions, we have put the city on alert and held a meeting with other police officers. All officers have been directed to maintain law and order strictly,\" said Gautam Budh Nagar SSP Praveen Kumar. \"Policemen have been deployed at sensitive places and patrolling has been intensified,\" the officer added.The order has been passed keeping in view nearly half-a-dozen communal violence incidents that have erupted in the state in the past six months.Meanwhile, despite the alert, celebrations over Kasab's execution were reported in several parts of Uttar Pradesh. In Sector 22 of Noida, the anti-terrorist front burst crackers, set Kasab's photograph on fire and distributed sweets to express their happiness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17315304", "title": "Drive on, MCG razes illegal buildings near IAF depot", "text": "GURGAON: Continuing with their task of bringing down authorized buildings in their jurisdiction, the enforcement wing of the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon targeted several such structures on Wednesday. Most of them were under various stages of construction in localities that fall within 900 metres of the IAF ammunition depot. The Supreme Court has ordered the district civic agencies to ensure no construction takes place within this zone.To ensure the demolition process was smooth, the drive was supervised by duty magistrate Ajay Malik and Palam Vihar SHO among several other senior officials. \"Today's drive was on a large scale and therefore we required huge police presence to thwart any attempt by the local residents to create any law and order problem. We will continue such drive in such areas where unauthorized construction is taking place. Apart from this we are also looking at various legal options to prosecute the offenders who undertake construction despite the Supreme Court order. We have already lodged FIRs against some of them and will take further action,\" said an MCG official. Else where in Rajendra Park area, a team led by joint commissioner demolished a few houses that were being built illegally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17314890", "title": "Husband feels probe may be biased", "text": "BANGALORE: Praveen Halappanavar has reportedly insisted he won't meet the chairman of an inquiry into his wife Savita's death. He told television station RTE in an interview on Wednesday night he would not co-operate with a Health Service Executive inquiry. \"We are just not confident in the whole family about the HSE leading this investigation,\" he said.\"These people are salaried by the HSE. They pay them. We think that there would be some kind of bias during the investigation,\" he added. \"With due respect to the head of the inquiry and the Taoiseach, we will not partake in the inquiry by the HSE,\" he said. \"We want a public inquiry.\"Earlier in the day, Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny appealed to Praveen to meet the head of the team probing her death. She died on October 28 due to pregnancy-related complications after being denied an abortion,Kenny said Praveen could meet team chairman Prof Sabaratnam Arulkumaran without prejudice to his views or his future feelings towards the investigation. \"Comments attributed to the man (Praveen) in the national newspapers are very different than what I see emanating from the legal team,\" Kenny said.He told the Irish Parliament on Wednesday morning that Praveen had said he didn't want any person associated with University Hospital Galway involved in the investigation. \"And that will be the case,\" Kenny said.In Parliament, Fianna Fail party leader Micheal Martin said minister for health James Reilly should have had contact with Praveen. \"And nobody would have cast any aspersions on such contact,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17315644", "title": "Vacuum in my life will never be filled, says Vinita Kamte", "text": "PUNE: Vinita Kamte, wife of slain additional commissioner of Mumbai police Ashok Kamte, said on Wednesday that the vacuum in her life would never be filled. While she avoided any direct interaction with the media on Wednesday,, when Ajmal Kasab was hanged,she told her sister that she knew that Kasab would be hanged some day.Ashok Kamte, a 1989 batch officer, was killed on the night of 26/11 along with Vijay Salaskar , Hemant Karkare and constables while combating terrorists, including Kasab, in the Rang Bhavan lane opposite the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus. He was honoured with the Ashoka Chakra on January 26, 2009.Vinita Kamte's sister, Rajya Sabha member Vandana Chavan, said, \"The hanging of the terrorist has sent a strong message to the world that our nation is serious about terrorism.\" She appreciated the fair trial given to Kasab.\"The Union government offered a lawyer to Kasab and despite criticism, ensured a fair trial to him. This might have delayed the decision for some time, but the entire procedure was clean and impartial.\"Vinita Kamte, who has two sons, had penned 'To The Last Bullet' in 2009, a year after she lost her husband in the terror attack. The book had generated controversy over the role of some senior police officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17319651", "title": "Elite at Allahabad University seminar discuss communal riots threadbare", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A two-day seminar on 'Communal violence in India: post independence scenario' was inaugurated at the Allahabad University on Wednesday. Organised by the Rajiv Gandhi chair in contemporary studies of AU, the seminar witnessed enlightening thoughts by experts across the country who are participating in the seminar.In his inaugural address, head of the Schedule Caste/Schedule Tribe &amp; Other Backward Classes development of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar National Institute of Social Science Prof D K Verma focused on communal violence in secular India. Prof Verma remarked that prevention of communal violence is the sole responsibility of Government. He emphasised we should focus not on the crime as much as on victims. Not only religion, caste and language also matters at the time of communal riots. In making a policy, we should not give importance to religious issues, but to how communal violence should be prevented as it does not originate from religion but from the game of power in politics. Prof Verma asked audience to consider three issues - the role of Government functionaries, reports and reform policies of different committees and commissions and review of empirical understanding as researchers are often biased.In his keynote address, chairman of Centre for Study of Society and Secularism Mumbai Dr Asghar Ali Engineer, opined religion was not responsible for violence, but politics and how leaders play with public emotions. He exemplified his point with Partition of India, in which case 95 per cent Muslims were either ignorant or opposed to the decision. Orthodox Islamic organisations like Jamat ul Ulema Hind supported Congress and a secular India. With the support of some Muslim aristocrats, landlords and IAS or IPS officers, Jinnah propagated the notion of separate Islamic state of Pakistan. Prof Engineer suggested solution to eradicate communal violence through reform in religious system, inclusion of the concept of secularism and democracy in the syllabus and passing the communal violence bill, which will help spread responsibility and fix the amount of compensation and change India's electoral system as British model was not suitable for a diverse and pluralist country like India.In the presidential address, Dean, Faculty of Arts, AU, Prof M P Dube, said along with factual analysis of communal violence, we should emphasise causal analysis too. \"Communalism is a mindset. Different communities have distinct interests which are antagonistic. In any reform, identity gets importance. So, from the British period, we see polarisation on religious lines to get better share in reforms and politics,\" said Prof Dube, who while analysing hypotheses of different schools of thought, tried to identify the basic reasons behind the communal violence, including spiritual inclinations, frustration, aggression and indifference or intolerance towards others. In India different ideologists have illustrated the causes of communal violence differently. Imperialist schools identified religious superstition as the main cause behind communal violence. Cambridge school remarked that communal violence was actually a result of the power politics of elites. Subalterns blamed it more on class than religion. In India, many commissions were formed to identify the reason behind many riots and they identified different reasons like economic interest, hate campaign, chain reaction, etc. Prof Dube suggested we should study all these reports and causal factors to eradicate communal hatred and violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17314999", "title": "DJB online billing system to detect \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcexceptional bills\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: In future, if your water bills show a 100% or more deviation from your previous bill, Delhi Jal Board's new online billing system will automatically pick up the bill and transfer it to an \"exceptional billing account\" where it will be verified for errors.\"We wanted to launch it during the first billing cycle, but did not have previous records of the consumers. The database is being compiled and we have details of about 17 lakh consumers so far. Once our system detects an exceptionally different billing amount, the particular bill will be directed into another account. This way, the consumers will not have to go to our zonal offices for corrections,\" said Debashree Mukherjee, CEO, DJB.The mobile numbers of the consumers are also being taken this time which will then be linked with the consumer grievance cell.\"Consumers can quote their mobile number while dealing with the staff and their bill alerts will also be sent on their number,\" said a source.Payment of water bills through kiosks will also be started shortly. These will be set up at 36 zonal revenue offices and will operate between 8am and 8pm.\"These kiosks will accept both cash and cheques. However, consumers paying by cash will have to put in the exact bill amount as no change can be dispensed. Online payment facility has also been started and the link is available on the DJB website,\" said Mukherjee.Waiver of surcharge on late fee will be permitted up till December 31. Officials said that any late payment surcharge, irrespective of when it was imposed, will be waived if the bill is cleared by the year-end.From the next billing cycle, residents of GK-I and II, Ashok Vihar and Yojna Vihar will have their water meters read through hand held instruments. These meter readers, operated by DJB's staff, will pick up the meter reading from a distance and generate a bill on the spot. The project will be replicated across the city shortly.\"There are still 2-3% of bills that are not being generated correctly. This is largely because we are still operating on the past data which was quite flawed. Now, the data has been transferred online and with each new bill, consumer database is updated. We will be holding camps every Saturday for the next four months with the exception of second Saturdays,\" said Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316373", "title": "Don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t fill CS cadre posts, CAT tells government", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Central Administrative Tribunal ( CAT) on Wednesday directed the state government not to fill until further orders the cadre posts in the rank of chief secretary, currently lying vacant.The bench of Justice P Swaroop Reddy and R Santhanam (member, administration) made this interim order while hearing a plea by three CS rank officials -- Chaya Ratan, Indrajit Pal and Mohammad Shafiquzzaman -- who challenged the way the state messed up with the IAS cadre as also the appointment of their junior M Samuel chief commissioner of land administration (CCLA), a CS-rank cadre post.The bench, however, said that their restraint order would not come in the way of the state if the latter prefered to appoint any of the petitioners in such vacant posts. Currently the posts of additional chief secretary and development commissioner (finance), both CS-rank cadre posts, are lying vacant. Sudhakar Reddy, the counsel for the petitioners told the bench that it was illegal even to create ex- cadre posts in the same rank when the cadre posts in the CS-rank were vacant.The bench said it would take up the matter after three weeks from now.CBI probe into medical admissionsHigh court on Wednesday ordered a CBI probe into the Apollo Medical College admissions under the management quota for the current academic year. The bench cancelled admissions given to 34 candidates in violation of merit rule. The bench also directed the Medical Council of India and the NTR Health University to take action against Apollo Medical College for violating the admission norms. They should take steps to cancel the affiliation and permission granted to the college, the bench said. The CBI was directed to probe both the issues of how the Apollo was granted permission to run a medical college and the way it filled the management quota seats right from the stage of applications.Petitioners' counsel told the bench that it was illegal even to create ex-cadre posts in the same rank when the cadre posts in the CS rank were vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "an all goa singing competition in konkani will be organized by v-events, an organization working towards promotion of konkani language, art and culture. auditions will be held in three age-group categories", "code": "17316039", "title": "Konkani singing contest", "text": "An all Goa singing competition in Konkani will be organized by V-Events, an organization working towards promotion of Konkani language, art and culture. Auditions will be held in three age-group categories: 6-10 years, 11-15 years and 16-21 years. The auditions will be conducted at Tourist Residency, Mapusa on December 16; at Hotel Lapaz Gardens, Vasco, on January 6, 2013; at Hotel Woodlands, Margao, on January 13; and on February 10 at Tiatr Academy Goa, Panaji , between 10am and 1pm. The finals will be held at Hanuman Natyagraha, Mapusa, on February 17, 2013, from 10am onwards. In each category, a cash prize of 5000 each will be awarded for male and female winners. For details contact Felix Correia (Ph: 9819653353), Daniel (Ph: 9822163329) or Merlyn (Ph: 9822169305).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17318695", "title": "3 MP students storm into the BrainCafe finals", "text": "INDORE: Three Madhya Pradesh students gritted their way to the national level hunt for BrainCafe Budding Contest 2012 after rigorous round at both regional and state level competitions. The students from class II to VIII have showcased their ability using scientific principles in models and will be participating in the national level science competition in Mumbai on November 25.The winners will get exciting rewards including trip to Japan, an IPad , LCD and laptops. BrainCafe Budding Scientist Contest is a hunt that discovers future scientist future scientist from the country where nearly 95,000 students took part this year.The three students Ankit Pawar, Mhow, Kuhi Joshi, Maheshwar and Shubham Mishra, Bhopal had presented electric city bus using simple stuff, a model on the effect of global warming and importance of alternative sources of energy. They also showcased the water car developed with scrap material that can move both on road and water respectively. The projects were evaluated by an esteemed panel of judges on the basis of uniqueness of idea, application of the concept and types of material being used to develop the model.Roopesh Verma of Braincafe said, \"The event provides leverage to students who have good conceptual knowledge and ability to explore the implementation of scientific principles. The winning students will get rewards and paid trips to Japan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17317001", "title": "Nitesh Kumar spreads his innovative wings with a mini chopper", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Nitesh Kumar, a student of Chandigarh Group of Colleges, is on cloud nine. For, a mini chopper he designed was applauded after he gave a demonstration on the college premises.The quad rotor (propelled by four rotors) helicopter that runs without a pilot has a wireless camera and offers a cheap alternative for click photographs of distant images.Two cameras fixed on its top transmit live pictures to a laptop or TV that is within a radius of 100m. The third camera fixed beneath it can click still pictures. Equipped with global positioning system, it can also be used as a navigational device. It can reach a height of 200m and cover three kilometers in four minutes.Elated over his efforts, Nitesh said, \"I worked for days together to design it. And when it flew, I couldn't believe my eyes... I would always cherish the moment. Now, I will come out with its upgraded version.\"He now plans to participate in various competitions held in the country and abroad.About its use, he said, \"It can be used during earthquakes, floods or rescue operations, besides for surveillance in terrorism-hit areas.\"The college management has announced a fee concession to motivate him to continue with his innovative efforts. Rashpal Singh Dhaliwal, president of Chandigarh Group of Colleges, said, \"We will support him in all his endeavours.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17318815", "title": "Why Airtel, Vodafone, Idea, Tata are slashing talktime", "text": "NEW DELHI: Leading mobile phone companies including Bharti Airtel, Idea Cellular, Vodafone, Tata Teleservices and Aircel have begun a new round of reducing freebies and slashing talktime on prepaid discount vouchers, continuing with the trend that kicked off about a year ago, as the industry attempts bold steps to increase sales and margins in the fiercely competitive sector.Prepaid customers constitute over 96% of the country's 906 million plus cellphone connections.Special tariff vouchers, also called discount vouchers, are used by a majority of prepaid subscribers and according to industry estimates, account for nearly 70% of telcos' revenues, which have stagnated over the last three years.Over the last 15-20 days, mobile phone companies have subtly tweaked plans offered by various categories of discount vouchers.For instance, Bharti Airtel has reduced the validity to 60 days from 90 days of a discount voucher available in Delhi costing Rs 28 that allows subscribers to make national long-distance calls at Rs .012 per second.In Maharashtra, Idea Cellular has increased the price of a discount voucher to Rs 97 from Rs 72 that allowed users to call at 1.2 paise per second for a period of 90 days. Vodafone in Kolkata has reduced the number of free minutes to 55 from 65 on a 'minutes pack' valid for five days costing Rs 22. Tata Teleservices has tweaked a similar 'STD seconds pack' costing Rs 196 in Karnataka where it has reduced the number of free seconds to 33,000 from 36,000 over a month.These companies have carried out similar exercises in many other circles too. But this is different from the earlier strategy of raising call rates in select circles and gradually extending it to the whole country over a year-long period.\"There is definitely room to reduce low value and free minutes in all markets across the country, given the state of telecom industry. However, Airtel will continue to be marked to market and provide value to its customers,\" Airtel spokesperson said in response to ET's query. Vodafone, Idea Cellular, Tata Teleservices and Aircel did not respond to e-mailed queries at the time of the story going to print.Analysts say such changes could result in 'meaningful impact' on reported revenue per minute.\"For subscribers using these discount plans, these changes could have the impact of increasing the RPMs by 8-13% (impact on overall subscriber base would be lower),\" Credit Suisse research analyst Sunil Tirumalai said. UBS Investment Research's chief analyst Suresh Mahadevan said that increase in call tariffs was \"bound to happen\" and added that more such tweaks could be expected in the future quarters as operators would struggle to compete in a market where tariffs are the lowest in the world.\"We believe that voice per minute realisations can improve significantly, 25-30% over the next 4 quarters, driven by a combination of tariff hikes and elimination of free minutes. With the auctions now over, we believe the stage is now set for a significant price hike,\" he said in a November 15 note to clients.Chief executives of leading mobile phone companies had warned of an inevitable tariff revision as the current rates were not sustainable for the industry, which now faces payouts to the tune of thousands of crores in regulatory fees, as the government plans to impose a one-time spectrum charge on all existing mobile phone companies.The total industry outgo for private GSM operators is expected to be around Rs 14,000 crore. A similar fee for CDMA operators has not been established yet as the airwaves sale for this technology platform was cancelled following the withdrawal of two potential bidders - Videocon and Tata Teleservices.Bharti Airtel CEO for India and South Asia Sanjay Kapoor had said that falling margins due to intense competition had impacted its profits, and the company would have to increase tariffs to sustain operations.\"We have lost close to 40% by pricing power in the last 12 quarters. If you look at the inflation that has hit India over the last 12 quarters, the least we deserve is to go back to the levels we were at. The present model is not sustainable. But we can't be the only ones raising tariffs - this has to be an industry decision,\" he had said.Idea Cellular's managing director Himanshu Kapania told ET that consumers would have to be prepared for tariff hikes because they were bound to go up, if not now, then later. Idea Cellular did not respond to a query specific to changes in discount vouchers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "17314884", "title": "20% growth in sugar output likely in 6 months", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: The sugarcane crushing season has started in Bihar on a positive note with an expected growth of at least 20% more production during the next six months. A hike in the prices of sugar and remunerative price of cane to growers are said to have encouraged both the farmers and the sugar mill owners to boost production.A senior officer in sugarcane department said, sugar mills are now crushing 54,000 tonnes of cane everyday against 34,000 tonnes in the last season. Vice president of private sugar mills association B K Sureka also admitted that overall cane crushing is expected to be over 20% this season in comparison to the last season due to an incentive price being given to the growers since last year. A prospective cane grower of Muzaffarpur, Bholanath Jha also agreed that 25% farmers of this region have replaced cereal production by sugarcane cultivation due to better prices. He also demanded that the rate of cane should be Rs 300 per quintal against Rs 225 fixed last year.At present, only 11 sugar factories, nine in private sector and two owned by Hindustan Petroleum Corporation (HPC), are functional in the state. But, unfortunately, none of the 15 sugar factories owned by the state government could resume production owing to various reasons. The only sugar mill of Muzaffarpur district at Motipur, is involved in a legal battle between the old proprietors and the state government over the issue of compensation. After lot of deliberations, the mill was taken over by the government three years back and was given on a 60-year lease to Indian Potash Ltd for running it. But the old owner challenged the state government in Patna high court, where the matter is still pending for a final decision.According to an official, a fresh tender is to be floated in next two months in order to give seven mills on lease for producing sugar.The state government has been trying to open new sugar factories in private sector for the last several years but not a single factory has been set up so far. The main reason is that the entrepreneurs do not find much profit on investing in new mills on terms fixed by the government.Some local entrepreneurs said the government stresses on production of liquor from molasses, whereas entrepreneurs want to produce ethanol as the bi-product of sugar. The government should give the option to the entrepreneurs in this respect while using molasses, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17318936", "title": "IMC to carry out inspections of overhead water tanks", "text": "INDORE: The Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) will start inspections of all the overhead tanks in city from Thursday. The decision was taken in wake of collapse of an overhead tank in Bhopal in which eight people died.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said Narmada project officer has been entrusted with the task to carry out inspection of all the 46 overhead tanks in the city. The inspection report will be submitted in a week.Narmada project officer Dharmendra Verma said their offices are located under overhead tanks and therefore they carry out timely physical inspection of tanks. \"Our tanks are in a better shape. However, we will once again carry out inspection. Inspections of 46 overhead tanks will takes around a week,\" said Verma.He further said overhead tanks in Indore are constructed on framed structure as against enhance tanks of Bhopal. \"Framed structure tanks are more stable as compare to enhance tanks. In addition to this, enhance tanks have maximum capacity of 20,000 litres. The tank that collapse had a capacity of 20,000 litres,\" he said adding that tanks in Indore are quite in a good shape and they have a huge capacity. Our old tanks too have a capacity of 3.5 lakh litres on wards and newly-constructed tanks have a capacity of 30 lakh litres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320355", "title": "Girish Karnad criticizes A.R. Rahman", "text": "Girish Karnad a contemporary writer, playwright, screenwriter, actor and director recently criticized the Mozart of Madras A R Rahman's music is beautiful but so overpowering that listeners miss the beauty of the lyrics.Rahman's fans on social networking and microblogging sites have come to the Oscar winner's support, stating that he always gives importance to lyrics.While speaking at a function on Urdu poetry and said, \"Rahman is a great musician, his orchestration is beautiful and overpowering, as a result of which one misses the beauty of lyrics that once defined songs in Bollywood.\"The Grammy-winning composer has delivered a variety of tracks over the years and has always been particular on the pronunciation of words in any language and has always ensured that lyrics are presented well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "17318284", "title": "The nowhere people", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The food is running out, the children are falling ill, her only sari is fraying, and so is her spirit, rambles Zohra bewa, or Zohra the widow, as she introduces herself, stepping out of her makeshift home - a blue tarpaulin sheet propped up by bamboos.Displaced on July 24, when her home in Sapkata village was burned down, the middle-aged woman and her children joined the human tide of more than 4.8 lakh refugees swept into hundreds of relief camps across three districts of western Assam - the largest displacement seen in the country in recent times.Today, the number of people in relief camps has come down to 36,000-odd people. The emptying of the camps has led the outside world believe the worst is over. Even the government has showcased this as evidence of successful rehabilitation, downplaying the more revealing statistic - only 5,252 families have been given financial assistance by way of the official rehabilitation grant. Counting 10 members in each family, the number of beneficiaries comes to just 52,520 people, a fraction of those affected by the violence.To start with, only those whose houses were burned or damaged have been considered eligible for rehab assistance - a cheque of Rs 20,700, three bundles with seven tin sheets each, four tarpaulin sheets, eight poles of bamboo, and a month of food rations. It is bad enough that the grant is barely enough to rebuild homes and lives, say people. Worse, many who lost homes have had to go without it, since they do not own land, an additional eligibility criteria insisted by the Bodoland Territorial Council in the first round of rehabilitation.But what is the worst of all, they point out, is that several thousands who left the relief camps, keen to get back in time for the harvest season, haven't made it back and find themselves stranded in between.Zohra is one of them. After nearly three months in Kathalguri relief camp, when she trekked back to her village in late October, she found her neighbours had propped up tents in a clearing outside the village. Their quarter of the village was not safe, they cautioned her, since it faced Bodo settlements. Better to live huddled with other Muslims. Soon, a hundred tents had sprung up in the clearing, a makeshift camp of sorts. In Horiyapet village, the makeshift settlement is even larger: a thousand tents scattered in the open, their blue and black plastic sheets glinting in the afternoon sun, sheltering people from as many as six villages.Unlike the government relief camp they left behind, where supplies of food and medicines trickled in regularly, drinking water tanks were chlorinated, latrines were fumigated, and NGO's unloaded bundles of clothes every now and then, in the makeshift camps, the people have been left to fend for themselves. \"We were given 10 days of ration but that's over,\" says Sobor Ali, who lives in Sapkata makeshift camp. \"We are trying to make do by selling bamboo and wood, but that barely brings in any money.\"District officials say they know of a large number of such makeshift camps in Gossaigaon division, the worst hit part of Kokrajhar district. They say they occasionally send food, but are wary of stepping up relief supplies to those who have returned home without going through the official process of rehabilitation, lest they be seen as aiding illegal immigrants. \"We are trying to address the problem,\" is all that Jayant Narlikar, the deputy commissioner of Kokrajhar, is willing to say.Meanwhile, as she wraps the pallu of her sari tighter around her shoulders, Zohra can sense the worst is not over -- with winter setting in, and no warm clothes available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320272", "title": "Now, a remake of Gulzar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Mere Apne", "text": "The latest film to jump onto the remake bandwagon is Gulzar's 1971 directorial debut 'Mere Apne', which many regard as his finest till date. Producer Sunil Bohra has bought the film's remake rights from its original producers Romu and Raj Sippy for a whopping Rs 1 crore.Said Bohra, \"It's a very small amount we've paid. I think the film is priceless.\" However, he was quick to point out that they would be modifying the plot to keep pace with the changing times. \"We convinced Romu and Raj to part with the remake rights only because they believed in us,\" said Bohra. Raj Sippy said, \"We can't give away remake rights to anyone who approaches us. But we liked the way Sunil Bohra approached us and we like his work.\"Casting is yet to begin but apparently, Ranbir Kapoor , Imran Khan and Amitabh Bachchan will be seen in pivotal roles. The original Mere Apne had Vinod Khanna and Shatrughan Sinha as the warring gangsters who come together for their love for a lonely, abandoned woman played by Meena Kumari in her last screen appearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "17316551", "title": "A year later, Gobindpura power plant work yet to begin", "text": "MANSA: Construction of the Gobindpura power plant is yet to start though it has been over a year since the state government settled the tricky land acquisition issue. The 1,320MW power plant in Gobindpura village at Mansa is to be set up by India Bulls, a subsidiary of Poena power.The power plant is proposed to come up on more than 880 acres of land spanning over three villages, and would cost Rs 7,000 crore. Though work has initiated at the 1,980MW Banawala power plant, there is no activity at the proposed power plant in Gidderbaha as well.Mansa deputy commissioner Amit Dhaka said: \"There are certain legal intricacies in starting the project and the state government is working to solve these.\" No power purchase agreement has been finalized with Punjab state power corporation, said a power corporation official.Banwala power plant had mired into controversy even before its inception with landowners vehemently opposing the land acquisition. It was after some bloody incidents that the state government had clinched a deal with landowners on November 12, 2011. \"It seems the government has forgotten the project after forcibly taking our lands away from us and beating us violently,\" said Gobindpura resident Gurlal Singh. Gurlal is among those who had to forfeit their land and spent time in jail for opposing the acquisition.District president of farmer organization BKU Ugrahan Ram Singh Bhainibhaga said: \"The promised return of 186 acres has not been notified as yet and Rs 3 lakh compensation to landless labourers and those injured in cane charging by state police were not given.\"In September 2010, Sukhbir Badal had announced setting up a power plant in Mansa district. Notification to acquire 880 acres was issued in March 2011, which mired into controversy. Buckling under pressure, the state government had on September 26, 2011 agreed to enhance compensation by Rs 2 lakh from Rs 23.77 lakh offered earlier, and to provide job to one family member each of the affected families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17317819", "title": "Pay Rs 15,000 to shoot films in Maharaja\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s", "text": "KOCHI: The Maharaja's College Development Committee (CDC) has decided to collect Rs 15,000 from filmmakers who want use the college and the campus for film shooting at meeting held recently. The money will go to the PTA fund.With the help of the Centre for Development of Imaging Technology (C-DIT), the committee has also decided to issue ID cards for students and faculty at a cost of Rs 2 lakh. The amount, which the college received under the Centre of Excellence scheme, will be used for renovating the Islamic history department classrooms and the Britto building. The college will set apart Rs 3 crore for renovating the library. More toilets will be constructed and the existing ones will be modified.For carrying out the repair works of zoology and chemistry department buildings, Rs 1.5 crore has been allotted. LED lights will be erected in the campus using Rs 10 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17314736", "title": "Qualified doctors too practising quackery?", "text": "GAYA: TOI report on the extent of quackery prevailing in the district and the health administration's reluctance to book the quacks, numbering more than 1,000 in the district has evoked sharp reaction from the unauthorized/illegal practitioners of medicine in the district about 160 of whom practise in the divisional head quarters alone.Several quacks, obviously preferring anonymity rang up TOI to ask why they (quacks) were being singled out while quackery was being practiced by the medicine degree holders including MBBS, MD etc. as well. Asked to substantiate their charge that quackery was being practiced by medicine degree holders as well, Rameshwar Prasad (name changed), a quack having an enviable practice in Gaya town said that almost every MBBS, MD prescribes medicines like Liv-52, Liv-52HB, Septilin and Prostine etc.All the above mentioned medicines belong to the Ayurveda stream and as such those having degree in modern medicine are not legally entitled to prescribe those medicines in exactly the same manner in which, Ayurveda, Unani and homeopath practitioners cannot prescribe/administer modern medicine.\"How fair it is to dub ayurveda practitioners as quacks if they prescribe medicine of non-ayurved stream and look the other way, when the same wrong is being done by the practitioners of modern medicine,?\" asked Prasad.Asked about the apparent contradiction, Dr DK Sahay, vice president of Gaya Chapter of the IMA, who earlier led a campaign against quackery in the district, while conceding that some ayurveda drugs are being prescribed by the practitioners of modern medicine, agreed that it was not ethically correct for the practitioners of modern medicine to prescribe any medicine, other than the ones for which they are taught and trained. He would request the IMA members to shun the use of ayurvedic medicines, said Sahay.While formally denying charges that qualified medical professionals hire the services of quacks to promote their own private practice, IMA vice president said no doctor worth his salt would do it. \"Moreover, it is against the mandatory oath taken by medical graduates before entering the noble profession,\" said Sahay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316376", "title": "Chennai runners gear up for marathon", "text": "CHENNAI: More than 6,000 runners are expected to participate in the The Wipro Chennai Marathon which shall be held on December 2. The 42.2km long marathon which shall begin from IIT Madras shall wind through Thiru-vi-ka bridge, Light house and right upto Napier's bridge before turning right and returning back. The event shall also include a half marathon of 21.1 km, as well as a 10km run and a special children run. Of the 6,000 participants, more than 5,000 shall be running the 10 km stretch inside the IIT Madras campus, said V P Senthil Kumar, race director.The Marathon route will be supported with aid stations, hydration points, medical facilities, ambulance services, route markers, course marshals and finish area refreshments, he added. \"Ten business houses with 1000 runners participating, have registered as groups,\" he said. The first three winners of the full marathon will get 25,000, 15,000, 10,000, respectively.The winners of the Half Marathon will win 20,000, 15,000, 10,000. Winner of the full marathon in both the male and female category will get a fully sponsored participation for'The Wipro San Francisco Marathon' to be held on June 16, 2013 at San Francisco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17318259", "title": "Mary Kom gives 65000 to Pradipkumar", "text": "IMPHAL: Olympics bronze medalist MC Mary Kom has given financial assistance of Rs 65,000 to HIV positive Manipuri bodybuilder Khundrakpam Pradipkumar Singh. She also have Rs 1 lakh each to four local coaches.Pradip, who has recently bagged Mr South Asia title, is participating in the 4th Mr World competition to be held in Bangkok next month. He is facing acute financial shortage to procure nutritional diet.At a function held on Tuesday evening, Mary honoured coaches L Ibomcha Singh, Khoibi Salam, M Narjit and L Kishan with shawls and Rs 1 lakh each. Dronacharya awardee L Ibomcha, later, donated the same amount amount to Mary Kom's boxing academy.Lauding her coaches, Mary said the skills taught to her by them and the support extended by the public, government, Manipur Boxing Association and SAI helped her in bagging the Olympics medal. The five-time world boxing champion vowed to struggle hard to fetch another Olympic medal in Rio. Pradip, while expressing gratitude to Mary for her financial assistance, wished her success in all future endeavours.A resident of Khamnam Leirak in Imphal West Pradip (43), is on Anti Retroviral Therapy (Art). He suffered great hardships after the Manipur State Aids Control Society (Macs) stopped giving him Rs 8000 a month to procure nutritional diet since June this year. Earlier, Macs extended the amount after appointing him as its brand ambassador.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17320623", "title": "Local trains on Harbour line delayed due to technical problem in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Suburban train services between Wadala and Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) section of the Harbour line were delayed this morning due to a technical problem on the track, a Central Railway official said.The problem has been rectified but trains are running late as a precautionary measure, the official said.\"A fracture was found on the track at Wadala station because of which there was some delay in the services. The problem has been fixed but a caution has been issued due to which there is a delay of 15-20 minutes on the Up line towards CST,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17320553", "title": "Trinamool Congress bid to bring no-confidence motion fails in Lok Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: An attempt by former UPA ally Trinamool Congress to bring a no-confidence motion against the government over FDI in retail failed today in the Lok Sabha for want of requisite numbers.Mamata Banerjee's party moved the motion as soon as Parliament met for the Winter Session but Speaker Meira Kumar disallowed it as it could not muster the required support of 50 members.The motion, first in the current Lok Sabha, was moved by Trinamool Congress parliamentary party leader Sudip Bandopadhyay and was supported by BJD.However, it lacked the support of the required 50 members as only TMC's 18 members and BJD's three members supported.Moving the motion, Bandopadhyay said, \"This House expresses want of confidence in the council of ministers over its decision to allow 51% FDI in multi-brand retail as it is going to harm millions of small businesses.\"The Speaker asked all those supporting the motion to stand up.Amidst chants of \"shame shame\" from Congress benches, TMC members stood up and there was a verbal clash too.On seeing the lack of adequate support, the Speaker said, \"The motion does not have the leave of the House.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17316401", "title": "Major among four indicted for DR Congo sex scandal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four soldiers, including a major and a junior commissioned officer, have been indicted by the Army court of inquiry (CoI) into the sexual misconduct allegations levelled against Indian troops while deployed in a UN peace-keeping mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo in 2007-2008.Incidentally, a group of retired military officers and civil activists earlier this year had tried to unsuccessfully use the infamous case to scuttle the appointment of General Bikram Singh as the new Army chief after General V K Singh on May 31.They had accused Gen Bikram Singh of \"command failure\" since he was the UN deputy force commander in the Democratic Republic of Congo when the Indian troops deployed in the North Kivu province of the Central African nation were accused of the sexual exploitation of women, including four minors. The government, however, had given Gen Bikram Singh a clean chit.On Wednesday, Gen Bikram Singh said the CoI into the case had recommended disciplinary action (court martial) against only one jawan, whose DNA sample had matched with one of the children fathered by Indian soldiers in Congo.The other three indicted by the CoI, including the major and the JCO from the 6 Sikh regiment, will face the much milder administrative action for \"command and control failure\". The Army had ordered the CoI in May, 2011, only after the UN had communicated to the Indian government that a thorough probe was required in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17318954", "title": "Health dept told to speed up work, gets a month's target", "text": "INDORE: Nearly 10 days after being criticized by collector Akash Tripathi at a meeting, the district administration gave a one-month target to the officials of the health department to speed up work under various national family welfare programmes on Wednesday.In a meeting with health department and women and child development department officials, district administration gave a target of completing 9,000 cataract operations and 10,000 family planning operations in a month time. The district has so far completed target of completing 12,000 family planning operations and it has to complete 32,000 operations by the end of the financial year. According to sources, health department is lagging far behind the target and has to take concrete steps.Additional district magistrate Alok Singh directed the officials to stabilize population and discussed steps to be taken to speed up the work. at grass root level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "17318239", "title": "Science a part of our daily life, says Nagaland CM", "text": "KOHIMA: Chief minister Neiphiu Rio attended the 15th regional meeting of the State Science &amp; Technology Councils and departments of the northeastern region.Addressing the meeting, he said, \"Science is deeply interwoven into our everyday lives and it touches all areas of our life. It is difficult to imagine a life without the various appliances and products, especially in the sector of communication, energy, agriculture, education and medical science,\" Rio said.\"Science has deeply transformed and improved the quality and standard of our living,\" he said, adding that science today helps us harness the gifts of nature better and generates awareness in the key areas of concern such as climate change, clean energy sources and responding to changes and challenges.Rio stated that in terms of governance, science is being utilized to improve the quality of governance and planning process, improve service delivery mechanism, as well as productivity and transparency.He informed that the Nagaland Science &amp; Technology Council has already begun to make its presence felt through interventions in many areas, which include building up capacity for the development process through application of modern science and technology, land use/cover, land mapping, mapping of land degradation of the entire state and providing safe drinking water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320736", "title": "Himalayan hamlets brace for winter", "text": "Tiny hamlets spread over the Himalayan peaks in Lahaul Valley in Lahaul-Spiti district are bracing to meet harsh winter conditions.Residents have been in a tizzy, gathering everything they need to spend the winter in reasonable comfort before snow maroons them and freezes all activity, at least for five months.\"We are racing against time. Any time now, a moderate spell of snow will close all road links to Keylong and nearby villages and the locals will remain cut off from the rest of the world for months together,\" said Parkash Bodh, a resident of Keylong, district headquarters of Lahaul-Spiti.He said the entire family is busy collecting fuel, firewood, eatables, ration and fodder for the livestock. \"It is an annual activity which we have learnt from our forefathers,\" octogenarian Bodh said.The Lahaul Valley, comprising over two dozen small, scattered villages some 350 km from state capital Shimla, remains cut off owing to heavy snow accumulation in the Rohtang Pass (13,050 feet) -- the only connection with Manali in Kullu district.It reopens once snow starts thawing after mid-April.Helicopter is the only mode of transport for the locals; and the people travelling out are usually the sick and elderly, for medical purposes.Many of the old and sick of Lahaul Valley, however, prefer to migrate to Manali and Kullu towns to avoid the harsh winter.\"Most of the elderly people are now just about to migrate. They will be back only after the spring sets in and plants germinate,\" said Ramesh Thakur, a government school teacher posted at Thirot village, some 40 km from here.He said even the rituals for a death in the family will only take place once the whole family reunites at the end of winter.The Border Roads Organisation (BRO), a government agency that maintains strategically important highways that pass through rugged Himalayan ranges, had earlier issued an advisory to motorists to avoid travelling on the Rohtang Pass after Nov 15 as chances of snow are high.During snow marooning, the locals can relish only peas and potatoes, the local cash crops grown in summer.Tashi Dawa, a shopkeeper at Keylong, said no vegetable other than peas and potatoes and fruit reach here once the road links snap.\"Meat is available here in plenty,\" he added.But the locals pine for brighter days ahead, with the completion of the 8.8-km-long Rohtang tunnel, considered India's most strategically important infrastructure project.The tunnel, which will run beneath the Rohtang Pass, will ensure all-weather connectivity between Lahaul Valley and Manali.The foundation stone of the tunnel was laid June 28, 2010, by Congress president Sonia Gandhi. It is expected to be completed by Feb 2015.\"We are awaiting the historic moment (tunnel completion),\" said one local.The entire Lahaul and Spiti district is populated mainly by tribals. The climatic conditions of the district are harsh as much of the land forms part of a cold desert where the mercury drops below minus 20 degrees Celsius during winter.The Buddhist-dominated district in the Himalayan terrain at elevations ranging from 15,000 to 20,000 feet above sea level attracts globe trotters not only for nature-based activities but also to ancient monasteries like Tabo and Dhankar.The district has no town; the population is rural, spread across 521 villages.Getting to Lahaul-SpitiHow to travel: In summer, by public or private transport. From Manali to Keylong via Rohtang Pass for Lahaul; From Shimla to Rekong Peo in Kinnaur district to Spiti.Distance: 350 km from state capital Shimla to Keylong and 420 km from Shimla to Kaza (headquarters of Spiti).Where to stay: Small hotels , guest houses, and even home stays with local people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17319939", "title": "Cong, VHP hail Ajmal Kasab's execution", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Congressmen along with members of Allahabad Gaurav Vikas Manch on Wednesday hailed the hanging of terrorist Ajmal Amir Kasab.They burst crackers and distributed sweets and raised slogans hailing the Central government for doing justice with 26/11 victims.Party leader Shrish Chandra Dubey demanded that the same treatment should be meted out to Afzal Guru, the accused in 2001 Parliament attack case.Hailing Kasav's hanging, Hasib Ahmad said it is a befitting tribute to the martyrs who laid down their lives fighting against terrorists.On the other hand, jubiliant Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) workers also celebrated the hanging of Kasab and hailed the decision of the government. They congratulated countrymen and expressed gratitude towards the President of India for rejecting Kasab's mercy petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "pune/mumbai", "code": "17315569", "title": "Ajmal Kasab loses composure at gallows, seeks forgiveness", "text": "PUNE/MUMBAI: Only when he was being taken to the gallows did Ajmal Kasab lose his composure. \"Allah kasam maaf karna. Aisi galthi dobara nahi hogi. (I swear by Allah, please forgive me. I won't make such a mistake again),\" were the last coherent words uttered by Kasab as he was taken to the gallows at Yerawada central prison on Wednesday morning. Sources said Kasab then spoke incoherently for a while until the lever was pulled.He was hanged in the presence of a doctor, a medical team and prison and district administration officials. \"There was no resistance from Kasab when he was brought to the gallows,\" a source said.Kasab was shifted from Mumbai's Arthur Road jail to Yerwada jail early on Tuesday morning. A convoy of six vehicles accompanied by special commandos took the Mumbai-Pune Expressway. Kasab was tense during the trip, sources said. He was handcuffed to an iron rod in the police van.Kasab arrived at Yerwada at 4.30pm and was medically examined at around 5 am. \"We evaluated his consciousness, orientation and physical fitness. He weighed 52.5kg and his blood pressure was normal at 120/80. He was evaluated for his mental fitness too by a jail psychiatrist,\" a source said, adding that Kasab appeared quite normal and confidently answered all questions posed by the doctors. \"There was no trace of nervousness in him,\" the source said.Jail authorities shifted out all the convicts in the high-security 'anda' cell to lodge Kasab till late Tuesday evening. He was then shifted to the special cell, where convicts to be taken to the gallows (phansi yard) are kept. Kasab was told by jail authorities on Tuesday evening that he would be executed on Wednesday.He remained \"cool\" and \"sang songs in his cell\", sources said. \"However, he barely slept that night,\" a source said. In fact, one source said, \"He was tense throughout the 27 hours he spent in the Pune prison. He was sweating and looked ill.\"Kasab was asked to get ready at 4am on Wednesday. \"He said he wanted to eat tomatoes, so he was given a basketful. However, he took only two tomatoes and ate only one at around 6am,\" a source said. After that, he offered namaz, read the Quran and was given prayer beads by the jail officials.As per procedure, Kasab was given another medical exam in his cell on Wednesday morning and was declared \"medically fit to be hanged\". Asked about his last wish, he said: \"Gharwalon ko milna hai (I want to meet my family).\" He was told that the Pakistan government had been informed about his hanging but had failed to respond. Asked if he had any other wish, he replied in the negative, the source said.Kasab was brought to the gallows at 7.20am. Dressed in the regular jail uniform for convicts, his hands and legs were tied, his head was covered with a black cloth and a noose was placed around his neck. It was then that he started speaking incoherently apart from seeking forgiveness.\"After the execution, the body was kept hanging for some time,\" a source said. Minutes after the hanging, a doctor declared Kasab dead and issued a death certificate, sources said.The jail superintendent then signed a certificate stating that the convict had been hanged and a message was sent to the home ministry about the execution.Kasab was buried in an open space near the phansi gate on the jail premises at 9.30am. Six pits were kept ready to ensure that the exact burial spot remains a secret, sources said. \"The special cell is located near the 'phansi' yard inside the jail premises,\" a source said.Before Kasab could reach Pune, hectic preparations were afoot at Yerawada jail, with jail staff preparing the rope for the hanging and doing a dummy trial.\"Special trials were undertaken, particularly to check if the wooden board on the gallows could sustain Kasab's weight,\" a source said.The preparation for the hanging, including making the rope, as well as the actual execution, was done by the jail staff, some of whom were trained by the last hangman, Arjun Jadhav, before he retired in 1996.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316272", "title": "Four arrested for murder", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Marredpally police on Wednesday arrested four persons for their alleged role in the murder of history-sheeter M Shekar a few days ago.Police said that the four culprits\u00e2\u20ac\u201dK Narsing, P Durga Prasad, R Mallesh and Shaik Moin\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwere arrested in Uppal on Wednesday and another eight, including three history-sheeters, are still at large.In their confession, they said that they murdered Shekar as they had some differences with him over the sharing of ill-gotten money. Shekar was a confidant of Narsing, but later they parted ways. Narsing bore a grudge and hatched a plan with others to eliminate Shekar. They attacked Shekar with sharp-edged weapons on November 8. Shekar died on the spot and the assailants went into hiding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "17315052", "title": "Life will never be same for Mukhtar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s widow", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: It was a quirk of fate for Rukhsana Bano of Paharipar locality in Biharsharif whose husband, Md Mukhtar, had gone to the city of fortunes in search of a livelihood but failed to get some work worth supporting his family. When he decided to come back and was waiting on the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus ( CST) to board a train to Bihar, Kasab and his associates killed him and many others on 26/11, 2008.She held Kasab responsible for snatching her only bread earner and support throughout her 25 years of marriage. Sobbing inconsolably on Wednesday, she told TOI that it was a great relief for her that the killer of her husband was ultimately hanged. \"But, the loss I suffered at the hands of enemies of humanity is irreparable and my sufferings as a widow will keep tormenting me till my last breath,\" she said.Living in a half complete structure with her 75-year-old mother Nazma Khatoon, her only support, Rukhsana was married with Mukhtar of village Kakrar in Sheikhpura district some 25 years ago. Her husband worked in the fields of his father but his income was so meagre that he was unable to support the family. Her father-in-law used to spend his earnings on his second wife and her children. To get out of the abject poverty and torture of her in-laws, especially for not bearing a child, her husband dropped her at her mother's place in Biharsharif and went to Mumbai in search of a job where he did not succeed and was waiting at the Mumbai station to return when a bullet of the terrorists killed him.Rukhsana said her husband told her on the fateful day that he was coming back to Biharsharif as he failed in securing a job in Mumbai. But who knew that she had spoken to her husband for the last time, she said. Her father had died some years ago and her only brother was also killed in a factory accident at Sheikhpura before her husband's death, she added.The 45-year-old widow said she wanted to live with her in-laws at Sheikhpura but she was driven away by them as she refused to part with Rs 9 lacks she had received as compensation from the government.Meanwhile, Ashok Yadav of village Panti under Akbarpur block in Nawada, whose 4-year-old son Aditya was also killed at the Mumbai station, welcomed the hanging of Kasab. Ashok said it came late but still nothing is so relieving and satisfying for him than Kasab's execution. The grandfather and grandmother of Aditya said they were happier today than on Diwali. They said their prayers were answered.Binod Kumar, resident of village Tilaya under Hisua block in Nawada, was also killed in the terrorist attack while he was waiting for a train to reach home and meet his near and dear ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17316041", "title": "BSF on alert, hawk eye vigil at border", "text": "JAISALMER: Following the execution of Ajmal Kasab on Wednesday morning in Pune, the BSF has been put on high alert at the international border adjoining Pakistan . Operation alert was initiated two days ago at the international border adjoining Gujarat too. This status will continue till December 5.BSF Rajasthan frontier sources said after the execution of Kasab on Wednesday, BSF has beefed up their security. Sources said following the execution of Kasab, BSF's Rajsathan frontier officers went into a hudle and reviewed the situation and jawans were directed to step up night patrolling.BSF Rajasthan frontier IG PC Meena said his men are on the alert mode and have taken all measures to curb any eventuality.Another official source said BSF's preparedness followed after advice from the Union home ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17315936", "title": "Nandanvan cops nab five for goon's murder", "text": "NAGPUR: Five persons have been apprehended early Wednesday morning for their alleged involvement in murder of Arun Uikey, alias Jagya, on Tuesday. Police said that the assailants, including mastermind Sachin Deshbhratar, were netted from a school in Kalamna where they were hiding after the incident.It has come to fore that the murder happened over a trivial reason. Police said Jagya had picked up a quarrel with Sachin at his place in the past. Jagya wanted Sachin to take him home on bike but his request was ignored. Sachin wanted to avoid riding with Jagya as the slain goon was known to rob people while riding pillion. This enraged Jagya who had vowed to teach Sachin a lesson.Jagya, having several offences including two murders, was killed in full public view a day before at Panthar Nagar chowk near Hiwri Nagar power house by Sachin and his accomplices. Jagya was stabbed repeatedly and his skull was smashed too. Police said that Jagya had been released a short while ago from Nagpur central jail. Apart from Sachin, his accomplices Akash Tarade, Sachin Verma, Nadir Khan Atique Khan and Suraj Sahu, alias Bhuriya, too have been nabbed.Police said that preventive actions have been taken against two of the miscreants but there had been no offences recorded against them. Sachin's younger brother Pappu was murdered a couple of years ago while returning from Nandanvan police station.On the day of the incident, Khan and Sahu were standing at a pan-kiosk when Jagya reached there. Sachin, Verma and Sahu had come there too. Jagya threatened Sachin with dire consequences referring to past fights. An enraged Sachin and others thrashed Jagya, being outnumbered by the rivals, fled from the spot.Police said Sachin and others were left unnerved after beating up Jagya as the goon had several offences including murder against him. They wanted to eliminate Jagya before he could do anything against them. Sources from Nandanvan police station said that the assailants followed Jagya on foot before pinning him down.Senior inspector Sunil Jaiswal of Nandanvan police station said his detection branch personnel were engaged overnight to trace the assailants. \"We received information that they were in a school but did not have the name of the school with us. Searches had to be conducted at several school premises before we could get hold of the assailants,\" he said. He mentioned that constables Anil Bawane and Manoj Gore deserved credit for the quick arrest of culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17314565", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcPonty was shot seven times, Hardeep twice\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police, on Wednesday, brought Ponty Chadha's Land Cruiser to the Chattarpur farmhouse and reconstructed the crime scene and the events of the fateful day. Cops videographed it and also tried to match the bullet marks to ascertain where the shooters were when the firing began.Cops further claimed that the postmortem report by AIIMS backs their theory that the pair stood face to face when the shootout began and were shot from the front.Police said last Saturday that Hardeep first shot at Ponty while he was still inside the car. The PSO of his associate, former chairman of the Uttarakhand Minorities Commission Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, shot Hardeep in self-defence.Sources claimed that Ponty was shot seven times. He received three bullets to his abdomen, two to his chest and two more to his legs. Hardeep was shot twice \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in the leg and chest. The source also said that the medico-legal case report at Fortis Hospital mentioned a dozen wounds on Hardeep's body. The development comes a day after doctors - in a rare decision - decided to visit the crime spot. \"We have had three different statements from eyewitnesses including PSO Sachin Tyagi and Namdhari. We are yet to receive the official statement of Ponty's PSO Narender,\" said a police source.Police will now send the postmortem report to ballistic experts to ascertain the specifications of bullets and guns used and the distance at which the victims were shot. Sources claimed the final postmortem report ruled out use of country-made weapons though cartridges of the banned .30 bore may have been fired. They are hoping to get the official postmortem report by midnight. The ballistic report is expected in two weeks.Meanwhile, probe revealed the two Chadha brothers were to meet the same evening to discuss division of property with lawyers. Police are trying to ascertain if Ponty's men tried to take over the farmhouses at Kapashera and Chhattarpur to stop Hardeep from gaining an upper hand during the proposed negotiations that was reportedly supposed to be attended by religious leaders and politicians.Police, however, categorically denied that a senior IAS officer was present at the 42 Mandi Village farmhouse when the shooting took place. They are also in touch with Namdhari. \"We are waiting for the ballistic report to question him,\" the officer said. The Punjab Police, though, chose to remain tightlipped and defended its six men reporting for duty with the Chadhas. \"Of the six men posted as PSOs, three are on leave. The fourth was not present at the scene of crime,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17315913", "title": "'Training facilities at Margao district hospital'", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said on Wednesday that the government was now considering setting up training facilities for para-medical courses in the under-construction district hospital at Margao. The government was earlier mulling over the idea of setting up a medical college there.While the plan of the previous government was to have an 800-bed district hospital, the BJP government has decided to limit the bed strength to 400.Parrikar said that no decision has yet been taken over the proposed new KTC bus stand- whether it will be designed as a transport hub or a scaled-down version. \"I just want to say that I will not allow the city to get more congested,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17316194", "title": "Influx of netas threatens to boomerang on YSR Congress", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The 'psychological' game being played by the top leadership of the YSR Congress with the TDP seems to have boomeranged on it. As certain assembly constituencies are already packed with senior leaders, the possible induction of 'outsiders' is not going down well with them.Although, the so-called 'mind game' is intended to give the party a psychological edge over its political rivals, the party leaders fear that welcoming all and sundry into the YSR Congress would trigger infighting.Not naming anyone as constituency level in-charge is also creating confusion among the cadres and encouraging groupism. \"Although, the top leadership is buoyed with the enthusiasm being shown by the Congress and TDP leaders to switch loyalty, taking all of them will only result in overcrowding. As a result, the boat may sink at the time of elections,\" observed a senior functionary of the party.Sources said talks that were rumoured to have been held to rope in Congress legislator Malladi Vishnu has stumped the party leaders in the city. Although, former CPI leader P Gowtham Reddy is working overtime to build the party organization at the grass root level with the sole aim of grabbing the party ticket, former legislator Vangaveeti Radhakrishna is seen as the potential leader to contest the next elections.In fact, before his arrest YSR Congress leader Jaganmohan Reddy had welcomed Radhakrishna into his party at a massive public meeting and he even embraced the latter describing him as his younger brother.Incidentally, Radhakrishna, who lost election on the PRP ticket from the central constituency, is said to be eager to take revenge against Malladi Vishnu in the next elections. With a view to emerging stronger, Radhakrishna encouraged his close friend and TDP legislator Kodali Nani to join the YSR Congress.Against this background, the rumours about induction of Vishnu were reported to have shocked the followers of Radha. Speculation is rife that Radha would be asked to contest from Vijayawada East, which, too, is a Kapu dominated constituency, if at all Vishnu jumped the fence.However, Radhakrishna is unwilling to move from Central to East segment. Similarly, former legislator Jaleel Khan, one of the first to join YSRCP, is interested in contesting from the Vijayawada West segment but has not got any assurance so far.The induction of family members of former minister M K Baig on Wednesday has created ripples in the Jaleel Khan camp. In the neighbouring Guntur district, party senior leader Ambati Rambabu has been touring Sattenapalle constituency for the past six months with a view to contesting the next elections from there. He is claiming that the party boss has asked him to start the work. While the local Reddy leaders are strongly opposing Rambabu's candidature on the grounds that he is a non-local, the silence of the party leadership has become an embarrassment for a leader like Rambabu.A former income tax commissioner, Vijaya Saradhi joined the YSR Congress recently and is claiming ticket in the Kapu quota. As Saradhi is considered close to Jagan, party leaders believe that he is sure to get the ticket.Meanwhile, former TDP politburo member Ummareddi Venkateswarlu who announced his decision to join the YSRCP is expected to seek the Bapatla assembly ticket for his son Ramana. Former MP V Balasoury, presently working from behind the scenes, is also aspiring for an assembly ticket.It would then become difficult for the party to accommodate four Kapus - Ambati Rambabu, Balasoury, Saradhi and Ummaredi -- from the district, which has just 14 segments in the open category.Former governor Kona Prabhakara Rao's son Raghupati has been working in Bapatla and has become a strong leader in the segment. Several senior leaders and former legislators who have already joined the party are ruing their fate as the party is on an overdrive to induct leaders from other parties.Several constituencies are reportedly getting packed with too many leaders. While party leader Golla Babu Rao won the recent by-election from Payakaraopet in Visakhapatnam district, induction of the rival TDP candidate, Chengala Venkata Rao soon after he lost the election, had also surprised the cadre.With Jaganmohan Reddy cooling his heels in the prison, no other leader including his mother Vijayamma is in a state either to clear the mess or stop the influx.Party leaders believe that the mind game would boomerang on them if the party fails to accommodate aspirations of rivals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "17316453", "title": "1 jawan killed, 6 hurt in Dima rebel ambush", "text": "SILCHAR: One army jawan was killed and six were injured on Wednesday noon in central Assam's Dima Hasao district when the troops were ambushed by suspected Naga militants.The incident took place at Impui Basti village near Asalu under Mahur police station, 31km east of Haflong, headquarters of the hill district, at 12.30pm, said a senior police officer.According to sources, a contingent of army jawans belonging to 9 Madras Regiment moved to the village and launched a combing operation acting on a tip-off about concentration of suspected National Socialist Council of Nagalim (Isak-Muivah) (NSCN-IM) militants there.The ultras triggered IEDs targeting army vehicles but the troops escaped unscathed from the blasts. Later, the suspected NSCN(IM) militants fired at the jawans when the latter were climbing a hill to reach the hideout of the rebels. Seven jawans were injured by the militants' bullets. One of them succumbed to his injuries later.The jawans also fired back at the militants, but there were no reports of any casualty or injury in the rebels' camp, the sources added. Later, the ultras fled to the deep jungles of the Baral Hill range.The three injured jawans were evacuated from the spot and air-lifted to an army hospital in Imphal in neighbouring Manipur by helicopter, the sources added. Another three who sustained minor injuries were taken to Haflong civil hospital.The army has started an intensive operation in the area to flush out the militants.This is the first ambush targeting the army in Dima Hasao district after major militant outfits, including the DHD(J), surrendered a couple of years ago.NSCN(IM) rebels have been extorting money in the name of tax collection in Dima Hasao for the past many years, which is in violation of the ceasefire agreement with the Centre, according to the official.Informed sources expressed their concern over the attack as a memorandum of settlement (MoS) with both factions of the Dima Halam Daogah (DHD) was signed on October 8 this year in New Delhi by the Centre, the Assam government and representatives of the DHD(N) and the DHD(J). As part of the empowerment process under the MoS, the existing North Cachar Hills Autonomous Council (NCHAC) will be renamed as Dima Hasao Autonomous Territorial Council (DHATC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17314871", "title": "Cops bank on civil defence to cover ground they miss", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the 26/11 anniversary just a few days away, the police have stepped up the security in the city. The cops have already spent a tense festive season after \"credible\" intelligence suggested that several men from the Indian Mujahideen and the LeT were trying to set up base in the city.Police have completed the security audit of the 400 \"sensitive\" buildings and over 300 markets. Some of these documents run over 100 pages each even as a detailed localized plan is being worked out to secure these places.\"This time round, we are collaborating with corporates and RWAs and are carrying audits of even multi-storied buildings which house private offices. Once we complete the auditing, we will discuss security loopholes and ways to plug them with the administration and building owners. Earlier, we undertook this exercise in malls and markets, but now we need to look beyond them as these buildings also host a large number of people daily,\" said a source.\"We will have the highest possible deployment in the city. Besides the 10,000 men on road, we will have QRTs stationed outside the malls and other vital installations,\" said a senior cop.He added that since the cops will not be able to cover the length and breadth of the city, they have asked the help of the civil defence volunteers. \"We have already deployed 7,000 of these volunteers. We have been meeting mall owners and asking them to install cameras and record everything.\"The cops said the first thing that was done as part of the rigorous exercise was to find out the reaction time to a threat by the inhabitants of the buildings. \"We put up dummy bags to see if anyone detects them. Based on it, we are analyzing the dos and don'ts for the particular building,\" said an officer.The special branch has also recommended that the Eyes and Ears Scheme should be implemented with earnestness and all the stakeholders must come together to prevent any terror attack.Police have also intensified checking at border points of the national capital. Each police station ATO ( anti-terror operations) has been put in charge of sensitizing the shop owners about their role in countering terrorism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319864", "title": "Theme song for Manoj's team", "text": "The first time entrant to Celebrity Cricket League, Super star Manoj Tiwari's team is all set to play. A theme has been prepared this team in Bhojpuri that is sure to set them in full spirit. Titled 'De Lapeta Bandh Ke Pheta' the song is a catchy tune. Entire Bhojpuri industry is excited for this song.Manoj Tiwari is the captain and Dinesh Lal Yadav is the vice captain of the team. Manoj Tiwari says, \"we were busy practicing and the song has been given to music director Shishir Pandey.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17315882", "title": "Song and dance depiction of Indian cinema disappoints Bollywood veteran", "text": "PANAJI: Veteran set designer M S Sathyu was disappointed with the depiction of 100 years of Indian cinema through song and dance sequences at the inaugural of the 43rd International film festival of India (Iffi).\"I am not criticizing, but the show paying tribute to 100 years of cinema at the Iffi inaugural was reduced only to song and dance in Hindi films. We are the largest filmmaking country. We are ahead of even the very moneyed Hollywood. People have sacrificed so much over the years for this and put in so much passion,\" Sathyu said, addressing media persons at a theatrical reading on the father of Indian cinema Dada Saheb Phalke and his wife Saraswati.Sathyu designed the set recreating the black-and-white era for the theatrical show that opened '100 years of Indian cinema' segement at Iffi. It is the first theatre performance to be held at an Indian film festival. The screening of the restored portion of Raja Harishchandra-the first silent black and white film-followed the play.\"Hopefully, the theatrical performance of 'Dada Saheb Phalke: A Quest' will give a glimpse into this long journey of Indian cinema,\" Sathyu said.Lillette Dubey, who acts as Phalke's wife in the theatrical reading extracted from the book on Phalke written by his grand-niece Sharayu Phalke Summanwar, said the reading will be made into a full-fledged play and it will travel across the country.\"There have been demands from Bangalore and elsewhere to hold the performance there. So we will increase the length from the present 25 minutes and make it into a play rather than a theatrical reading that it is at present,\" the play's director, Mohammad Ali Baig, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17315585", "title": "Woman, 56, robbed, killed in Versova flat", "text": "MUMBAI: In yet another murder in broad daylight, Rubentina Fernandez, 56, was found dead outside her flat at Versova's Mangola Sarvodaya society on Wednesday morning. Her husband Victor found the body after he got home from an errand. Rubentina's ornaments were missing.The police have detained the building's sweeper and security guard for questioning. A source said that both had confessed to the crime. The cops are verifying the details and questioning two other associates.Around 10am, Victor on his way out saw the sweeper along with two unknown persons.He returned 30 minutes later and found his wife's body on the landing of the seventh floor with serious injuries on her throat. The safety door of his flat was locked from outside. Victor's surmise is that his wife was probably killed when she came out of the house to leave their dustbin on the landing. \"Earlier my wife used to keep it inside the flat,\" he said. \"In the last few days she had started keeping it on the landing.\"When the police checked the dustbin, it was empty except for a nylon rope inside. They said the accused had attacked the victim's neck with a sharp weapon, strangled her to death and escaped with her chain, bangles and a ring. They have yet to verify if the accused also stole valuables from inside the house.The cops began enquiring about the sweeper after residents told them that they suspected him since he was normally in the vicinity till afternoon but on that day went missing immediately after the incident. They then detained him along with the security guard. The sweeper's aunt claimed that her nephew had told her in the morning about a murder taking place in the building where he worked, after which she personally escorted him to the police station to aid the investigation. Fingerprint experts collected samples from the spot for examination. According to the police, prima facie the motive behind the killing was robbery but they are also probing other possibilities.\"It is not that the police are not trained well in these matters, but the law is ambiguous. Moreover, interpretation of the law, and why and how it was applied must be investigated,\" he said.Government sources said the inquiry, being conducted by special inspector general of the Konkan range Sukhwinder Singh would take time. However, in the evening, the CM said, \"We have received the report and the course of action will be decided on Thursday.\" He said he was still to read it.Started by 28-year-old Kolkata-based Mukut Ray on Tuesday, the petition will be sent to the CM, DGP and the Thane police chief after it hits the 10,000-mark. \"I started out with a Facebook status to see what my friends thought of it. But they were scared to even 'like' it. They asked me if I was sure I wanted to do this. But I was very angry and frustrated about what had happened. It is undemocratic and totally wrong,\" said Ray, who is with a non-profit organization that works for underprivileged women and children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17314560", "title": "Ajay Jayaram breezes past China's Zhengming Wang; Saina, P Kashyap win", "text": "HYDERABAD: The cream of Indian badminton marched into the second round of the Yonex Sunrise Hong Kong Open Super Series on Wednesday, with Saina Nehwal , P Kashyap and Ajay Jayaram winning their first round matches. A couple of doubles pairs to made it to the next round, but budding shuttler PV Sindhu crashed out again in the first round.Ajay Jayaram registered the most exciting victory of the day when he downed China's Zhengming Wang in straight sets, 22-20, 23-21. Only last week Wang defeated Kashyap in the quarters. The 27th ranked Jayaram took only 33 minutes to beat Wang, who is 10 rungs above him.Saina started on a strong note dismissing the challenge of world no.33 Aprilla Yuswandari 22-20, 21-8 in just 33 minutes. The Indian ace will face former world champion Wang Lin of China in the second round on Thursday. Lin, who won the world title in 2010 and was No.1 for a brief while, is struggling to make a comeback after a knee surgery in 2010. Though she enjoys a 3-2 record against Saina, it would not be easy to extend her career record against the Indian. Kashyap, meanwhile, almost embraced defeat in a thrilling encounter against world no. 10 Jan O Jorgensen of Denmark. Leading 19-15 in the decider, Kashyap conceded five consecutive points and was forced to save a match point at 20-19 before romping home for a 24-22, 20-22, 22-20 win.While Jayaram will square up against World No.1 Lee Chong Wei of Malaysia, Kashyap will meet the winner of the match between Tommy Sugiarto of Indonesia and Wing Ki Wong of Hong Kong in the second round.Sindhu failed to get past the first round here, losing to Belatrix Manuputi of Indonesia 21-12, 18-21, 21-15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316407", "title": "Tibet students protest near US consulate", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai city police were on their toes on Wednesday afternoon after a group of Tibetan students blocked the arterial road on Anna Salai close to the US Consulate office. The arrested protestors were released in the night after being booked for unlawful assembly.The students raised slogans demanding freedom of Tibet from China, and the return of Dalai Lama to Tibet. On learning about the sudden gathering of students, police teams rushed to the place and prevented them from moving towards the US consulate office. The students were blocked on the opposite side of the US Consulate office near Rani Seethai Hall.Tibetan student Rinzin Dorjee, a third year BA student of Madras Christian College, said, \"Nearly 64 Tibet youths have self-immolated and died since 2009, for a free Tibet. The United Nations Human Rights Commission should visit Tibet and submit a white report.\"The protest slowed down traffic on Anna Salai for about half an hour from 2.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17315308", "title": "Kasab\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s health parameters were \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcnormal\u00e2\u20ac\u2122: Doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: A team of doctors from the government-run J J Hospital thoroughly examined Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab on November 17. None of them, though, had any inkling that the lone surviving terrorist would be hanged in a matter of days.\"It was a routine checkup. All of Kasab's parameters appeared normal. During his medical examination, he responded to all the queries as usual. Other than the J J Hospital doctors, he was also examined by medical officers attached to the Arthur Road Jail,'' a senior hospital official told TOI on Wednesday.A day after his arrest, an injured Kasab was admitted to G T Hospital and, after a brief stay, was shifted to the Arthur Road Jail. \"Medical teams from Arthur Road Jail and J J Hospital had been treating him for well over four years,'' he said.The official said that in view of the case's sensitivity, senior doctors from the departments of medicine, surgery, skin and psychiatry were deputed for his regular examination.\"Our doctors examined him at least twice a week and if there was a need, specialist doctors were deputed for more days,'' he said.Elaborating on his health, the official said at Kasab was depressed when lodged in Arthur Road Jail.\"He was seen by a psychiatrist on a daily basis and was administered medicines for depression for well over a year.''Later, when it was found that he suffered from umbilical hernia, surgical intervention was proposed.\"He was examined by surgeons who observed that there was no need for an immediate surgery. Besides, during the span of nearly four years, he was treated for mild hypertension and fever. Last month, there were reports that he had dengue, but that was not the case. Then, too, he had high fever,'' the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17317796", "title": "Countdown for Kochi Metro set to begin in Delhi today", "text": "KOCHI: In a final attempt to ensure the participation of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) in executing the Kochi Metro project, chief minister Oommen Chandy will hold discussions with Union urban development minister Kamal Nath and Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit in New Delhi. Chandy along with his cabinet colleagues Aaryadan Mohammed and K C Joseph will head for the national capital to attend the discussions scheduled to be held on Thursday and Friday. The managing director of Kochi Metro Rail Ltd (KMRL) Elias George will also join them. DMRC's principal advisor E Sreedharan, surprisingly, will not attend these meetings.The meeting assumes significance as DMRC is expected to announce its role in implementing the Rs 5,182 crore Kochi Metro project after the meeting of board of directors which is to be held on November 27. Ministers from Kerala will consult defence minister A K Antony before their meeting with Kamal Nath and Dikshit. Earlier, Antony had held talks with Sheila Dikshit on the need for DMRC to execute the project.Elias George will hold discussions with KMRL chairman Sudhir Krishna on the next meeting of the board of directors of KMRL in the first week of December. George would also hold discussions with Japan International Corporation's (JICA) India office chief representative Shiniya Ejima regarding the approval of loan for the project. Though he was expected to take part in the subject committee meeting attended by KMRL's board of directors on Thursday, the meeting has been cancelled.At the subject committee meeting, it was decided to take a final call on the appointment of functional directors. \"A decision regarding the criteria for appointing three function directors - project, finance and system was to be taken at the subject committee meeting,\" said KMRL spokesperson.Meanwhile, the district administration has gone ahead with the plans to acquire land for the construction of main project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315177", "title": "37 more dengue cases reported", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thirty-seven fresh dengue cases were reported in the capital on Wednesday, taking the tally for this season to 1,799. So far, four persons have died in the capital due to dengue. South Delhi Municipal Corporation reported the maximum number of 696 cases, while 591 cases were detected from the North corporation area, and 455 from the East corporation. Other cases were reported from NDMC and Delhi Cantonment areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "17314761", "title": "Bihar Education Project bid to impart technical skills to school dropouts", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Until now some of the non-conventional vocations that were considered as men's bastion are likely to be challenged by the fair sex. A ground-breaking initiative has been planned under the Bihar Education Project (BEP) for school dropouts, especially girls, who for one or other reason had to give up formal education. The objective of the initiative is to impart non-formal vocational training to impart technical skills to dropout schoolgirls, under the Sarva Siksha Abhiyan for their empowerment and make them economically independent.Skills to be imparted include poultry farming, two-wheeler and electrical repairing, tyre-tube vulcanizing for mopeds/scooters, dairy farming, goat raising, green house cultivation of vegetables besides the traditional skills like sewing, knitting, food preservation, education etc, said BEP sources.Rise in population and need for skilled persons in various non-conventional vocation led to strategic plan and training methodology for deprived girls, who are either school dropouts or unfortunately dependent on their family having low means, added BEP sources saying the training would aid the girls to become economically independent and bring social change. Although the prevailing social environment does not encourage girls to take up such non-conventional vocations, it would aid the girls belonging to deprived sections of the society besides those who have been deserted by their family and need to be economically independent, said sources.District project officer (DPO) Subhash Kumar Gupta said such non-conventional vocational training would help in making the girls financially independent besides bringing prosperity in families and changing the traditional social dogmas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315208", "title": "Ajmal Kasab's hanging: Operation X carried out in silence", "text": "NEW DELHI: For a nation that revels in the description of the \"argumentative Indian\", it pulled off a rare feat \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Operation X to execute the sole-surviving Mumbai terrorist Ajmal Kasab \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in complete silence.To ensure that no last-minute hitches challenged the operation, key elements of the national security apparatus worked seamlessly to ensure that the operation went off as planned. Sources said a degree of secrecy was required to prevent random filing of injunctions with the Supreme Court and delaying the execution. The fulcrum of the operation was Union secretary R K Singh, who coordinated with his counterparts in the MEA, Maharashtra government and Rashtrapati Bhavan so that everybody moved in a synchronized manner.Sources said that Centre accepted Maharashtra DGP Sanjeev Dayal's suggestion not to remove the posse of ITBP jawans deputed at Arthur Road jail for Kasab's security to eliminate the possibility of anybody getting a whiff of Kasab's shift to Yerwada Central Jail. Singh, who had instructed ITBP brass to play along with Dayal, chose secure lines to co-ordinate, shunning the standard channels of communication.Only a handful knew that Kasab would hang on November 21 morning. Besides Singh, these included Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde, Maharashtra CM Prithivraj Chavan and his deputy R R Patil, Maharashtra DGP Dayal, Maharashtra chief secretary J K Banthia, state home secretary Amitabh Rajan and his colleague, principal secretary in charge of jails Medha Gadgil. Mumbai Police Commissioner Satyapal Singh, Meeran Borwankar, who heads the Yerwada Central Jail, and those at the helm in the state intelligence department and Mumbai CID.After President Pranab Mukherjee rejected the mercy petition of Kasab, Union home minister Sushil Shinde signed the file for the last time on November 7, and sent it to the Maharashtra government on the same day. On Tuesday, Indian Deputy High Commissioner in Islamabad, Gopal Baglay, met his counterpart in the Pakistan Foreign Office, DG (South Asia), to give a letter from the Indian government and the Maharashtra state government addressed to the next of kin of Kasab informing about the completion of the legal process and his execution on November 21.The team that carried out the entire operation was also the same one that had seen to the incognito burial of nine others who had come with Kasab for the terror attack. The hanging and burial of Kasab has also been carried out in complete secrecy, including an incognito burial. This was decided in 2008, in order to deny any attempt to create a terrorists' shrine.The US, too, gave Osama bin Laden a sea burial in the Arabian Sea, after his country of origin, Saudi Arabia, refused to accept his body last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17315934", "title": "It's time Hollywood tapped Asian talent, says David Womack", "text": "PANAJI: According to producer David Womack of 'Life of Pi'-the opening film at the 43rd International Film Festival of India (Iffi)-it is high time Asian actors get their due in Hollywood. A significant part of the film has been shot in Pondicherry, and the cast includes Indian actors Tabu and Irrfan Khan.Responding to a question on whether filmmakers in the west have finally opened up to Asian actors in a new way, Womack said, \"I hope so. It is time now.\" But Irrfan Khan had a different view. \"There is no formula to these things. It is a process and it will take its own course.\"Womack explained that some of the scenes had to be digitally created in the film Life of Pi, given its content. \"The biggest tank was built within a studio which could generate waves on its own. This was to film the part where the boy is stuck in the middle of an endless ocean,\" Womack said.\"When you see the hyena eating the zebra, do not worry. It is a digital hyena eating a digital zebra,\" he laughed. He said that it took Ang Lee four years to make the film, based on the Yann Martel book of the same title.\"The greatness of the storyteller that Ang Lee is, is that one can see the story from any perspective and it still fits. The film could be the story of a boy and his great spirit of survival being stuck on a boat with a tiger, hyena and other animals, or it could be viewed from the point of view of the tiger, or it could even be about a boat which is lying unused and is finally put to use after the shipwreck,\" Irrfan Khan said of the film, which premiered at Iffi and would be opening in the US this week.Tabu said that she didn't mind taking up the small role in the film as it fulfilled her dream of working with a director whose work she greatly admires. Irrfan said that 'Life of Pi' is the first Hollywood film rooted and based in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316547", "title": "Vandalur zoo \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcsafari special\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 elephant falls ill, dies at 28", "text": "CHENNAI: Ashwini, the 28-year-old female elephant used for jumbo safaris at the Arignar Anna Zoological park in Vandalur, died on Wednesday after a brief illness.Zoo sources said she was sick for the past few days and had refused to eat. Ashwini had been used for the jumbo safari until the Central Zoo Authority objected to it. \"We tried to save her but she did not respond to treatment,\" said a zoo official.The zoo has been left with four elephant calves but does not have plans to bring more animals. \"We are not going to bring adult elephants from elsewhere. We have limited caring capacity and an only look after the four calves,\" said a zoo official.Ashwini and her companion, 30-year-old Pari, were brought to Vandalur from the Mudumalai wildlife sanctuary in July 2008 for the elephant safari. Originally, the zoo authorities planned to bring four elephants but could only bring two from Top Slip by road. They were trained for the safaris but Pari did not settle into the task so Ashwini alone was used for the rides.Zoo sources said Ashwini was rarely allowed to move out of her enclosure adding that this could be one of the reasons she fell ill. \"This can happen when an animal has very little physical activity. Can an elephant find it comfortable to roam within a limited space when in the wild, elephants travel several kilometres a day? This is why the CZA has banned jumbos in zoos,\" said a vet official. Despite a CZA directive in November 2009, most rescued animals in the state, especially elephant calves, are sent to the Vandalur zoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17317766", "title": "Will power, creativity fire \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcKochi Sunset\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "KOCHI: It was an honour for his sheer hard work and creativity. The International Container Transshipment Terminal (ICTT) felicitated Jesfer Pulikkathody, a differently-abled artist who uses a brush held in his mouth to colour his imagination on canvas.This was part of a country-wide corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiative where DP World joined hands with the Indian Mouth and Foot Painting Artists (MFPA) association to support these artists. These artists paint with brushes held in their mouth or feet as a result of disabilities sustained at birth or through an accident or illness that prohibits them from using their hands. Four artists were chosen from Kerala, Maharashtra, Gujarat and Tamil Nadu for the programme.The artist from Kerala, Jesfer, who hails from Malappuram, has been suffering from muscular dystrophy for 12 years. Over the years he learned to write and paint with his mouth. ICTT selected his painting 'Kochi Sunset' for the venture.\"It's meant to be like a symphony, a composition of nature that combines colours of the evening sky, the still waters, the seashore and the bright setting sun. This is what I have tried to capture on the canvas,\" said Jesfer.Paul Antony, chairman Cochin Port, was the chief guest at the programme. K K Krishnadas, chief executive officer of ICTT, representatives of shipping lines, customs house agents and staff of DP World were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17316013", "title": "Nine months later, abandoned fetuses cases reach nowhere", "text": "JAIPUR: Four fetuses were found at city's posh colonies in the last week of March that drew the attention of even the Rajasthan High Court. Even eight months after their recovery from Vidhyadhar Nagar, Shashtri Nagar and Jalupura areas, the police are yet to make any headway in the cases registered against unidentified people.DNA profiling from the blood samples of the fetuses have not proved helpful as the police did not even find a single suspect to match the DNA in all the four cases.It is a grim picture of police action in cases of female feticide and infanticide despite the fact that high court had summoned commissioner of police BL Soni for failure to take action against offenders. The commissioner had assured the court of finding the culprits and even booking them under Section 302 of IPC for homicide. These four cases are also examples of how the police fail to crack the cases registered after every recovery of a fetus in the state.The police investigation had been primarily confined to securing records from the private and government hospitals situated in Jalupura, Shashtri Nagar and Vidhydhar Nagar areas. The police have scanned the records, but have not been able to get any breakthrough.A senior police officer told TOI that in all the four cases, DNA profiles of fetuses had been secured, but as there is no suspects to match them with, that had been a fruitless exercise.\"FIRs had been registered under sections 318 of IPC. In Vidhyadhar Nagar case where the fetus was found from Ambabari area on March 28, Section 302 of IPC for homicide was also added as there was evidence of strangulation, but nothing has come out of the investigation so far,\" said the officer.A six-month-old fetus of a baby girl was found at a vacant plot at Naya Khera area in Vidhyadhar Nagar locality on March 29. The health department had raided two hospitals in the area and seized records.SHO, Shashtri Nagar, Nathu Lal said that the fetus had been recovered from PNT colony in Shashtri Nagar area on March 27.\"The case was registered under Section 318 of IPC. We had been investigating the case since then. However, we could not find any clues about who dumped the fetus. Apart from seizing hospital records and getting the DNA profiling done, the police had also questioned nearby residents and shopkeepers. However, nobody had seen the person who had dumped the fetus,\" said the officer.Similarly, SHO, Jalupura where fetus was recovered on March 30 told TOI that the case is still open.Rajasthan High Court on July 27 had even said that SHOs, who fail to make arrests and take concrete action in female feticide cases within three week, should be transferred.The single-bench of Justice Mahesh Chandra Sharma gave the order while hearing the petition filed by advocate SK Gupta. The state government had given its consent that it will transfer the official if he failed to take action within three weeks.According to Census 2011, Rajasthan has 883 girls in the age of 0-6 for every 1,000 boys. The child sex ratio in 2001 was 909.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316234", "title": "Trichy cleric appointed archbishop", "text": "CHENNAI: Reverend George Antonysamy was on Sunday appointed archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Madras and Mylapore. He is the sixth archbishop of the archdiocese.Pope Benedict XVI handpicked Rev Antonysamy as archbishop.A native of Trichy, Rev Antonysamy has served as the Vatican's ambassador to the West African countries of Gambia, Liberia and Sierra Leone. He completed his early education in a seminary in Trichy and was ordained in 1980. Rev Antonysamy was sent to Rome for higher studies and completed a PhD in pastoral theology, specialising in canon law and earned a diploma in international law and diplomacy from Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy in Rome.Apart from Tamil and English, he speaks six other languages, Italian, German, French, Spanish, Portuguese and Indonesian. Chosen for the diplomatic service of the Holy See, he served in Vatican embassies in various countries, including Indonesia, Algeria, Tunis, Libya, Morocco, Central African Republic, Congo, Chad, Bangladesh, the Baltic counties and Finland", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17315809", "title": "Lashkar calls Kasab \u00e2\u20ac\u02dchero\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 for jihadis, threatens more attacks", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's foreign office reacted cautiously to 26/11 convict Ajmal Kasab's hanging, releasing a carefully-worded statement saying Islamabad's position on terrorism is clear. \"We condemn terrorism in all its forms. We're willing to cooperate and work closely with all countries to eliminate the scourge of terrorism,\" said Moazzam Ali Khan, Pakistan's foreign office spokesman.But the extremist groups were quick to shower praises on the dead Kasab, elevating him to the rank of a new icon. To them, Kasab had gone thousands of miles away on a \"holy mission\". The Lashkar-e-Taiba , accused of masterminding the 26/11 attack, called Kasab a \"hero and a source of inspiration\" for other fighters. \"He will inspire other fighters to carry out more attacks,\" said a LeT commander. Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan, too, condemned Kasab's death.\"There is no doubt that this is very shocking news and a big loss that a Muslim has been hanged on Indian soil,\" Ihsanullah Ihsan, TTP spokesman, was quoted as saying by news agencies.Political observers said Kasab's execution won't affect the ongoing peace overtures between the two neighbours. \"The execution is unlikely to undermine fledgling peace efforts between the two countries,\" said Tariq Fatimi, a former diplomat.\"There's a virtual consensus among Pakistan's mainstream political parties on the importance of keeping the process on the rails, and even promoting it,\" said Fatimi, citing recent measures to liberalize trade. \"It has reached a stage where the hanging of Kasab won't derail it.\"While the urban class was largely indifferent to the development, Left ideologues argued that lasting peace between Pakistan and India would be ensured once the Mumbai attack masterminds are brought to justice. \"He was a pawn,\" said Beena Sarwar, a journalist and human rights campaigner, on Facebook. \"Those responsible, who orchestrated the Mumbai episode, trained and poisoned young minds to carry out the carnage remain free,\" she said.Others noted that Kasab's execution came days after the death of Shiv Sena founder Bal Thackeray , who was accused of inciting violence against India's Muslims, and who was accorded a state funeral on Sunday.\"Just imagine, Thackeray and Kasab in the hereafter. Precisely why I don't believe in life after death,\" said Yasser Latif Hamdani, a lawyer and blogger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17318647", "title": "Neena Verma challenges Gatuam's candidature in HC", "text": "INDORE: BJP leader Neena Verma, whose election to Madhya Pradesh assembly from Dhar constituency was declared void by Madhya Pradesh High Court, has on Wednesday challenged the eligibility of Balmukund Gautam to contest the assembly elections for having suppressed facts about cases pending against him in the papers filed before the electoral officer.She filed a petition seeking amendment to the reclamation petition filed by her before Indore bench of high court about the eligibility of Gautam to contest the polls.The court will hear the case on November 23 and decide whether Gautam should be declared winner or not. Court has also asked Gautam to file its reply before the next date.Petition field by advocate A K Sethi on behalf of Verma reads that Gautam is a liquor contractor and several cases are pending against him and his brother in Gujarat and Rajasthan. Gautam had not shared this information in his nomination paper filed in assembly election of 2008 and it is violation of section 33 (A) and section 123 of Representation of Peoples (RP) Act. Thus he is ineligible to contest election and he cannot be declared winner.Abhinav Dhanodkar, lawyer of Gautam, said that the court has already declared the election of Verma void. The court was supposed to declare weather Mukund will be declared winner or not. Before that Verma filed an amendment petition challenging the eligibility of Guatam. \"We will file our reply before the next hearing,\" said Dhanodkar.The high court on October 16 had declared election of BJP MLA from Dhar assembly constituency of MP as void on the ground of non-compliance of the provisions of the conduct of election rule of RP Act 1951. Gautam had lost assembly election in Dhar in 2008 by just one vote after recounting. It was challenged by Gautam in court under section 107 of RP Act.Verma had approached the Supreme Court where a week back she got relief that till the declaration of final result she can sit in the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17319303", "title": "Security strengthened for President's Nov 27 visit", "text": "LUDHIANA: President Pranab Mukherjee will visit Ludhiana on November 27 for the inauguration of the international conference on \"Sustainable agricultural development for food and livelihood security.\" He will also preside over the golden jubilee celebrations of Punjab Agricultural University.In view of the high profile visit, commissioner of police Ishwar Singh has prohibited people from carrying licensed fire arms and sharp edged weapons. The ban will be effective from November 21 to December 31. He also said security across the city had been beefed up. Sources said other VIPs are expected to accompany the president but the commissioner of police refused to divulge details.Meanwhile, experts participating in the ongoing seventh national conference, \"Krishi Vigyan Kendra -KVK 2012\" at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU), deliberated on practices and technologies for higher production, value addition and improved livelihood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17317877", "title": "RPF constable caught taking bribe at rly station", "text": "VADODARA: CBI sleuths trapped a railway protection force (RPF) head constable accepting Rs 6,500 bribe on Wednesday afternoon.The cop, Virendra Sharma, was nabbed red-handed on platform number 6. According to CBI, Sharma used to take bribe from the tea vendors doing business on the railway platforms at Vadodara railway station.The tea vendors approached CBI and registered complaint against Sharma sometime ago. \"After receiving complaint, we set a trap to nab Sharma red-handed. The complainant approached Sharma and handed him Rs 6,500 at the railway platform following which Sharma was arrested by our men present at the spot,\" said superintendent of police (SP), CBI, Deepak Damor.Complainant Sonu Rajubhai, a tea vendor, was asked to meet Sharma near the booking office.Sources said that Sharma had been serving in Vadodara for a long time and bribe was collected usually from tea vendors doing business without license on the platforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "17317202", "title": "ICC urged to mediate", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Media organisations have urged the ICC to intervene in a row with BCCI over coverage restrictions of the Test series between India and England.The News Media Coalition, writing on behalf of a group of news agencies, newspapers and publishers, urged the ICC to use its influence and global standing to convince the BCCI to lift the curbs which have set off a text and photo blackout of the series.\"We recognise that the ICC does not have direct authority of the media policy of individual national cricket bodies but view the ICC as the collective custodians of the good name of the sport, fair play and the promotion of the game ,\" Sports24 quoted the letter, as saying.\"The BCCI's policy of locking out an important sector of the news industry risks damaging much that the ICC has sought to achieve,\" the letter added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17316565", "title": "Girl's abduction: Notice to state govt on seeking CBI probe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking up a petition filed by parents of the Faridkot girl who was kidnapped from her house and then rescued from Goa, seeking a probe into the entire kidnapping episode by either CBI or a special investigation team (SIT), Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday issued notice to Punjab government for December 3 asking them to file their reply on the raised contentions.HC has issued notice to the state after examining the records of criminal cases pending against accused Nishan Singh. In their petition, the parents of the minor girl have alleged that the district police was hand-in-gloves with the main accused and did not want to take any action against him and co-accused involved in the case. Parents have submitted that they do not expect a fair and impartial investigation from the cops. It was also argued by them that a number of criminal cases were also registered against the companions of the main accused, Nishan Singh, who had helped him in the kidnapping but police were not bothered to investigate all the aspects of the matter.In their petition, the parents added, \"Our daughter was under such immense pressure that when she met us in the court for only two minutes, she said that if she was taken to her house they would be eliminated by Nishan Singh and his other companions.\"Alleging lackluster attitude of the local police in the case, petitioners also argued that immediately after registration of the case, the police did not take any action and instead tried to hush up the case by showing that it was a case of a love affair.The HC has also issued notice to the Punjab government for December 3 filed by her alleged abductor Nishan Singh, challenging the orders of the chief judicial magistrate (CJM), Faridkot, calling the girl to appear before the court from Jalandhar Nari Niketan. He contended that the atmosphere was not congenial for her production before a court outside Jalandhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17315950", "title": "Infrastructure will be toned up: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Apparently piqued by the reports of neglect by the Congress-led Centre, chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday demanded the formation of an independent authority for the conduct of the International film festival of India (Iffi).The chief minister made this demand at an impromptu press meet after the inauguration of film bazaar organized by the National Film Development Corporation (NFDC) as part of the ongoing Iffi 2012.Union information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari, who was present, did not make a direct reference to the chief minister's demand, but promised to look into the demand of the state for more role in the decision-making process at Iffi after the ten-day event ended.Parrikar said that the formation of an independent authority for the conduct of Iffi would clear it from charges of political interference from either the Centre or the state.\"Conduct of every event jointly by the state and the Centre should not be portrayed as an onslaught on federal structure of the country. We at the I and B ministry are working with the state government for smooth conduct of the festival. When we have any concern we sort it out with the state. Similarly when they have any concern we try to accommodate them. But if something more needs to be done we are ready consider after the even is over,\" Tewari said.According to reports, a section in the Goa regime feels that while the Centre was using all the infrastructure in the state for conducting Iffi , the state was not being given any due in the decision-making process, particularly about the list of invitees and the scope and nature of different events.Pointing out that there are capital recurring expenditures for the conduct of Iffi, Parrikar said the state would have to find resources for the capital expenditure, whereas the Centre would be approached for meeting the recurring expenditures so that the festival would become self-sustaining.He said Goa would tone up the infrastructure for the smooth conduct of the festival in five years time so that it would become a world class event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17316944", "title": "Migratory birds arrive at Nandur Madhyameshwar", "text": "NASHIK: It has been an early season this year for migratory birds this year at the bird sanctuary in Nandur Madhyameshwar. Generally, the season peaks in December-January.Some rare birds have also been spotted. Bird-watchers say it is due to the available water body here as compared to the other places this year.A resident of Nandur Madhyameshwar and local guide, Pramod Darade, said that during October-November, not many birds are found here. \"They usually start coming in November. But this time they have started migrating from October itself and in large numbers,\" he said.Bird-watcher Satish Gogate, who visited the place recently, said, \"Birds generally migrate during this time of the year. But this year the numbers are more. Flamingos are seen in large numbers and we have also spotted a Grey Lag Goose which is very rare. It comes from North Africa.\"Bird-watchers say that the migration depends on the condition of the sky. \"If it does not rain during October and if the skies are clear, birds start migrating early. If it is cloudy, visibility is less and birds don't migrate during that period,\" said wildlife warden, Nashik, and president of Nature Conservation Society of Nashik, Bishwaroop Raha.Conservator of Forests, Wildlife, Arvind Vispute, confirmed that birds do start migrating from October and the migration reaches a maximum during December-January. \"On November 19, we have seen 52-53 flamingos,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17315026", "title": "Gaya\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcbeti\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 shines on foreign shores", "text": "PATNA: Thousands of kilometres away from the Indian shores and despite being a teacher by profession, she passionately continues her pursuit of classical vocal Indian music. Decades of her 'sadhna' resulted in the release of her first album, 'Ardaas', in New Delhi earlier this month. The album is a collection of eight devotional songs, including bhajans in praise of Shirdi's Sai Baba, penned and composed by her.Meet Vandana Jyotirmayee, the 'beti' of Gaya, who is currently a lecturer in Salalah College of Applied Sciences in the Sultanate of Oman . \"Music runs in my veins. It has to be part of my life. Music and spirituality go hand in hand for me and Sainath helps me in balancing every other thing in my life,\" she said in reply to an online questionnaire from Muscat, the capital of Oman.Releasing 'Ardaas' on November 2, India's eminent esraj player Ustad Alauddin Khan said, \"It was a pleasant surprise for me to hear such a soulful voice from a person who is not a full-time singer. This shows her dedication for music.\" Vandana sang bhajans, Sufi songs and ghazals at the concert that followed at India Habitat Centre in New Delhi.She was initiated into music at the tender age of three. Speaking of her music legacy, she says, \"I got it from my maternal side. My mother who was trained in Bharatnatyam and Kathak dance forms during the 1960s, also sings very well. My interest in ghazals and qawwalis was developed because of my uncle's very fine taste of music.\"She was introduced to the formal training of Indian classical music by famous thumri singer Kameshwar Pathak from Gaya gharana. \"After I moved to my father's place, I became the disciple of Pandit Shambhu Upadhyaya from Kirana gharana.\"Her grandfather was a professor of Hindi in Magadh University and their house is located in Professor's Colony on West Church Road of Gaya. \"I owe a lot to Gaya as all the memories of my childhood are simply golden. I was brought up in a completely musical and poetical atmosphere. Poets like Janaki Vallabh Shastri and Mahadevi Verma would come and stay with us.\"After studying at Nazareth Academy, Gaya, Vandana studied music as a subject till BA from MDDM College, Muzaffarpur. She got her Master's degree in English literature and media management and later completed MPhil in mass communication. She has also done television programme production course and was sponsored by Unicef to do a six-month trainers' training course on community development. She shifted from Patna to Muscat in 1984.Asked about her role models, she says, \"I grew up with the ghazals of Begum Akhtar, Jagjit Singh and Ghulam Ali. Farida Khanum and Asha Bhosle are my favourites in terms of ghazal and I adore Abida Parween and Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan when it comes to Sufi music. Bhajans of Kumar Gandharva and Kishori Amonkar are very close to my heart. In Indian classical music, Parveen Sultana and Girija Devi are my favourite.\"Vandana would now prefer to \"give more time to music and carry on with performances and concerts as and when time would permit because nothing can be more fulfilling and enriching than music\". But, then, she says, \"My plans are all designed by the Almighty.\" It is this unflinching faith in Him that makes her write and sing in one of her bhajans:... Mann bhawara haiSai naam rasPeekar bhoola hai jag saaraRain basera in charanon meinAb toh karega ye banjaara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315686", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar is an artist and deserves Rajya Sabha nomination: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sachin Tendulkar's skills on the cricket field make him an artist, fully deserving to be nominated to the Rajya Sabha, the Centre told the Delhi High Court on Wednesday.Defending its decision to nominate the maestro under the 'Arts' category, the Centre maintained that the few categories enumerated in the Constitution were illustrative and not exhaustive, saying the government has the discretion to expand on each of the categories.Relying on Constituent Assembly debates, the Centre said it was well within its rights to nominate Sachin, who is a \"distinguished citizen\" of the country.A division bench of Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw reserved its order on a PIL challenging Sachin's nomination to the Rajya Sabha.Appearing for the Centre, additional solicitor general Rajeev Mehra said Sachin's nomination to the Upper House was as per the constitutional provision which also allows induction of experts from the field of sports. The law officer said the provision under Article 80 of the Constitution was not confined to inducting experts only from the fields of science, arts, literature and social services but also from sports , education and other areas.The court was hearing a PIL filed by Ram Gopal Singh Sisodia, a former Delhi MLA, challenging Sachin's nomination alleging that he did not possess any of the qualifications prescribed under Article 80 of the Constitution for being nominated to the Rajya Sabha.\"A bare reading of the article makes it clear that the person to be nominated should have special knowledge or practical experience in matters like literature, science, arts and social service, but the expertise so required for nomination is not confined to the specific illustrations given in the article,\" he argued.Appearing for Sisodia, counsel R K Kapoor told the bench that the Constitution allowed the government to nominate to the Rajya Sabha persons only from four fields -- arts, science, literature and social science -- and argued that the nomination of a sportsperson to Rajya Sabha was unconstitutional.In an affidavit to the HC, the Centre had earlier contended, \"The special knowledge and practical experience required for the purpose is not confined to the said four categories only but would also include categories like sports, education, law, history, academic attainments, Indology, economics, journalism... or other similar field of human endeavour.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "17319228", "title": "Apple's 'spaceship' headquarters delayed", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Apple said the construction of a new spaceship-like headquarters with a circular design in Cupertino, California, won't be completed until mid-2016, later than originally projected, as the company revises its plans.The iPhone maker included the new timetable in an updated proposal it submitted to the city on November 14.While Apple, the world's largest company by market value, had wanted to break ground on the 176-acre campus this year, the city may not complete its environmental impact report until June, and Apple may not be able to start work until 2014.\"They could conceivably break ground in 2013, but only if everything goes smoothly,\" said David Brandt, Cupertino's city manager. That depends on the city council approving the project quickly, and on residents not filing legal challenges. \"The project is running a little slow.\" Apple notified the city in August that it planned to update its proposal in September .By filing in November, possible approval in early 2013 became unrealistic, said Brandt. In its original plan, the company said it envisioned moving in by 2015.The new document includes no major changes from the ambitious plan that Steve Jobs presented to the city council in June 2011, four months before his death.Apple submitted revisions that will let it complete the project without having to truck out any dirt, and wants to move a free-standing , 1,000-seat auditorium farther away from one of the surrounding roads than in the original plan.Parking spots The company also wants to construct an additional building to house utility equipment and more parking spots for some of the workers Apple plans to employ at the new site, which the company pegs at as many as 14,200. Because many of the 10,500 parking spots will be underground , Apple said it intends to almost triple the amount of landscaped area.It has also removed from the plans a footbridge over a creek that runs through one corner of the property. \"There's nothing super-significant ,\" said Brandt. He said the city didn't request any of the changes. \"I think they are just constantly trying to improve the project.\" Apple declined to comment further on the revised proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17316834", "title": "Chandigarh Municipal Corporation to close Facebook page, set up grievance cell", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Could officials at the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation be over-sensitive? The question is bound to pop up in many minds with the authorities' decision to close the Facebook page meant for people to air their grievances. However, the official line justifying the move is that a computerized system of online grievances will replace Facebook, making things more result oriented.Where the people or at least many of them are concerned, MC authorities have failed to cash in on the innovative idea and solve public grievances. The Facebook page was launched with a lot of fanfare last February. Ravinder Pal Singh Pali was the city mayor at the time.An official who did not wish to be named said, \"It was getting very difficult to manage the Facebook page, because many complaints and messages were frivolous. They were either meant to settle scores with neighbours or to target some officer. Many people even used unparliamentary language. The online system will start next month and the Facebook page will be closed the same day.\" He also said no complaints were being redressed for the last few days.Raj Malhotra, a city resident, supported the online grievances venture but opposed the closure of the Facebook page saying that the city faced so many problems on multiple fronts that both the grievances cell and the Facebook page could be operated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17320247", "title": "Renovation under way at central library", "text": "MANGALORE: Here is some good news for book lovers of the coastal city. The renovation works of the Mangalore City Central Library (MCCL), which was in a sad state of affairs with dilapidated walls and leaking roof, is going on in full swing. The 43-year-old library which was functioning out of a one-storey building will be upgraded into a two-storey one. The Mangalore City Corporation has granted Rs 18.75 for the renovation of the library which boasts off over one lakh books and 22,000 members. Raghavendra KV, deputy director of MCCL, told TOI that the library staff had a tough time saving books from leaking water on rainy days. \"The roof was rebuilt about two months ago. The remaining work will be completed within a few months,\" he said. There are also plans to make MCCL a fully computerized library. \"It will make maintaining data like registration details of members and issuances and returning of books easier. The library will also have a competitive exams study centre, a six-seater browsing centre and children's books centre in future,\" he added. According to Shankari, assistant librarian, there is an increase in the number of students visiting the library on a regular basis. \"About five years ago we had about 75 students as members. However, the number has doubled and we have 150 student members at present. Most of these students are looking for books related to their courses,\" she said. Moin Din S, a senior citizen said that some days the library is closed in the afternoon. \"It should remain open round-the-clock. The new floor in the library has made it more spacious and comfortable for readers,\" he added. Denying the allegation Raghavendra said except on government holidays, on Mondays and second Tuesdays, MCCL is open from 8am to 8pm. The district has 217 government libraries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17320813", "title": "The last of the Ponies", "text": "IMPHAL: The small stadium of Mapan Kangjeibung in the heart of Imphal city is bustling with activity. Majestic ponies are galloping around the expanse of the lawns; the stadium is being decked up for the biggest event in the city\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe international polo tournament. The tournament that is going to be held almost after 12 years has a special agenda this year. It aims to highlight the plight of the endangered Manipuri Pony breed of ponies whose population has diminished due to loss of grazing land and natural habitat.'Manipuri Ponies' are said to be one of four recognised breeds of horses found in India, the rest being Kathiawari, Marwari and Bhutia. Equestrian experts have conflicting views about the origin of the ancient breed, some say that it may have developed from the Tibetan pony or the Mongolian wild horse. The ponies were once prized by the Manipur royalty; they were used as the cavalry of the kings for warfare.According to the International Museum of the Horse, \"swiftly charging Manipuri Ponies, Meitei horsemen flung arambai, equestrian darts that rained down on their enemies. Sacred to the Meiteis, the Manipuri Pony was never a pack, transport or work animal. Rather, ancient Meitei manuscripts, such as the Kangjeirol, the treatise on polo, depict the Manipuri Pony as a sacred animal and describe its utility as a fearless cavalry mount and a sport pony.\"The four day international polo tournament set to start on November 24 may be set in insurgency ridden Manipur, but it has managed to draw a lot of international teams including the Hurlingham Polo Association of United Kingdom. \"This time we have teams from France, Germany, UK and for the first time Thailand will also participate. We have arranged for their accommodation and plan to welcome them in Manipuri tradition to give them a flavour of the place,\" saysLt. Col. (retd) M Ranjit Singh, senior member of Manipur Horse Riding and Polo Association (MHRPA).There have been hardly any efforts made to protect the Manipuri pony. Secretary General of the Manipuri Pony Society, N Tombi Raj says that the numbers are dwindling, there may be less than 1000 ponies left. \"Most of the grazing grounds in Manipur have been converted to agricultural land. There are also very less funds to breed them properly. We hope that this international event helps,\" he adds.Recalling the close association of the Manipuri pony with the royalty and people of Manipur, members of MHRPA say that most of the royal chronicles refer to polo as a war technique. \"There are many versions of the lore behind the origin of polo. Some chronicles say that a Manipur king who was driven away by Burmese troupes had occupied the Cachar district in Assam. The Manipuri troupes then ambushed the kingdom and set up their own rule. Around 1854 British tea planters are said to have seen the Manipur royalty play polo in Cachar. They were impressed. The first polo club was established in Silchar in 1859,\" the members add.The polo tournament this year coincides with the Sangai Festival, the 10- day long tourism festival organised by the state tourism department. Tournament organisers hope that the spirit of polo or 'Sagol Kangjei' is able to create a favourable image for Manipur in terms of tourism. \"We want people to know that Manipur is the birthplace of this dynamic and historical sport,\" adds Ranjit Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17319081", "title": "Manmohan seeks cooperation of opposition in smooth running of Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the winter session of Parliament gets underway, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today sought cooperation of all his colleagues in both the Houses to come together and address issues and challenges facing the nation.Against the backdrop of vociferous opposition to FDI in retail and a threat of a no-confidence motion, Singh also reminded the Opposition of the obligation to work together to enable parliamentary democracy to grapple with the formidable challenges before the country.Noting that Parliament had a very heavy legislative agenda during the winter session, Singh said, \"I seek cooperation from my colleagues in the House to come together and address the issues and challenges that we face as a nation\".The Prime Minister said the government was ready to discuss all the issues on the floor of both the Houses.\"We all have an obligation, in Opposition as well as in government, to work together to enable our parliamentary democracy, of which we are genuinely proud of, to grapple with the formidable challenges facing our country,\" Singh told reporters outside Parliament House.He said the country was faced with many problems on the economic front arising out of the consequences of global economic slowdown.\"We need to create new jobs on a large-enough scale to provide gainful employment to our youth. We need to increase investments in infrastructure sectors and social services like health and education to accelerate the tempo of economic growth,\" he said.The Prime Minister said the government was committed to these tasks but its success required cohesive collective action on the part of all segments of polity.\"I invite all political parties to join hands in this vital national endeavour,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17317006", "title": "Lack of power hits commissioning of blood component separation unit", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Commissioning of the blood component separation unit at the Kottaparamba Women and Child Hospital is getting delayed owing to shortage of power supply. Though the hospital has already remitted Rs 45 lakh to set up a transformer at the hospital to ensure constant power supply, the same was not set up even after a month.The installation of the various advanced equipment, including laminar flow, refrigerated centrifuge, blood bank refrigerators, plasma expresser and electronic weighing, are almost completed. The blood component unit was set up renovating the old building at the hospital compound with an estimated cost of Rs 1 crore. The unit is being set up with the help of Kerala state AIDS control society.The blood bank at the Kottaparamba hospital has the capacity to store 195 units at a time. Blood is being provided for free of cost to patient's admitted to the hospital. The city has only three blood component separation units, one functioning at the Kozhikode Medical College Hospital and the other two in the private sector.\"Round-the-clock power supply is a must to operate the units,\" said Dr K Mohandas, blood bank in-charge officer, Kottaparamba hospital. Hospital superintendent Dr A M Muhammed said that hospital has been facing major problem in power supply. \"Only the installation of transformer having 200KV capacity would able to put an end to the existing power shortage. Three rounds of talks were held with the officials of PWD electrical wing, building division and the Kerala state electricity board to speed up the process. The officials had already conducted site inspection at the hospital,\" he said.When contacted, Rajesh Krishnan, assistant engineer, Kozhikode centre section of the KSEB said that the section concerned in the PWD need to forward an application for the setting up of a transformer. \"Only then we would able to start the work,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "17320009", "title": "CSA in turmoil again after former president Arendse wins case", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Cricket South Africa found itself in turmoil again after former president Norman Arendse won an arbitration case following last minute changes to rules that precluded him from re-joining CSA as a new independent director of a transformed board.Lawyer Hilton Epstein ruled in favour of Arendse, who had lodged a complaint with the SA Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee after CSA excluded his name from the list of independent board members despite several affiliates of the Board having nominated him as the best qualified person for such a position.Arendse stepped down as CSA president after a vote of no confidence on him two years ago, but wanted to return as CSA implements transformation plans recommended by Nicholson inquiry instituted by Sports Minister Fikile Mbalula last year.The inquiry came in the wake of almost two years of wrangling within CSA over IPL 2 bonuses that now dismissed chief executive Gerald Majola paid himself and other staff without board sanction. IPL 2 was played in South Africa due to security concerns around elections in India at that time.Nicholson recommended dramatic change in the top structures of CSA, which Mbalula had wanted finalised in the first half of this year.But delays initially caused by Majola's case will now continue after Arendse's intervention. The CSA AGM had already been postponed because of this matter and now may be delayed even further as it addresses this issue.At issue in Arendse's case was the fact that CSA introduced a clause stating that anyone who had been involved in cricket management in the preceding three years could not serve as an independent director.Epstein ruled that Arendse had not been associated with cricket for the preceding three years within the interpretation of the clause in the CSA constitution.CSA was also ordered to pay the costs of the action by Arendse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17314660", "title": "Poll stamp on Delhi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s new circle rates", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government's exercise to revise circle rates for cracking down on black money transactions has ended in a whimper, notwithstanding a 200% hike in upscale colonies like Golf Links, Vasant Vihar and Friends Colony. This was cleared at a cabinet meeting, presided over by the chief minister, Shiela Dikshit. For the ones in the next rung, like Greater Kailash, Defence Colony and New Friends Colony, the hike is 50% and for the rest just 22% as against the proposed 30%.The circle rates, which are meant for valuation of land and immovable properties for charging stamp duty, were first introduced in the city on July 18, 2007. The rates were revised in February 2011 and November 2011.Observers say Delhi government has played safe and shown a distinct unwillingness to take on the real estate bull by the horns. The hike in A and B category colonies will not make a dent in the black market while marginal hike in the colonies inhabited by the middle and the lower middle classes - quite obviously a case of keeping voters in good humour in view of the elections next year - is a half-hearted and halfway measure.The 200% hike in A category colonies means a revision from Rs 2.15 lakh to Rs 6.45 lakh per square metre. The market price in colonies like Jor Bagh, Vasant Vihar and Friends Colony continue to be much higher. For instance, in Vasant Vihar, the per sq metre rate is around Rs 10 lakh and in Jor Bagh Rs 12 lakh. Moreover, this is unlikely to have a big impact on revenue as these areas don't see many sales and purchases.The 50% hike for colonies of Category B - mostly the upscale ones in South Delhi like Greater Kailash, Defence Colony and New Friends Colony \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is not enough as the prevailing circle rate is already a low Rs 1,36,400 per sqm . The market rates in colonies like Greater Kailash are in the range of a minimum of Rs 5 lakh to Rs 6 lakh per sq metre.Though there is a lot of variance in the properties in C to H categories, the uniform hike of 22% as against the proposed 30% takes the sting out of the exercise.For instance in C category colonies like Kalkaji, Chittaranjan Park and East of Kailash, where the existing circle rate of Rs 1,09,200 per sq metre is to be revised to Rs 1,33,224 per sqm, the current market rate is close to Rs 4 lakh per sq metre.After the cabinet meeting, the CM said : \"In order to curb the flow of black money, it has become imminent to rationalize the minimum circle rates. It was also felt that present circle rates in Delhi are quite low in comparison to the NCR cities like Noida, Gurgaon and Faridabad. Moreover, the circle rates in these towns are being revised frequently after an interval of five-six months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316528", "title": "State to launch clean-up drive at 10 Tamil Nadu heritage sites", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu tourism will soon take up a cleanliness drive at 10 heritage tourist destinations in the state. The project, to be carried out along with Indian National Trust For Art and Cultural Heritage (Intach), will include maintaining the tourist spots round the year.The decision was taken at meeting chaired by tourism minister S Gokula Indira on Wednesday. The drive will be carried out at Mamallapuram, Thanjavur Big Temple, Kanyakumari, Rameswaram, Tranquebar, Meenakshi Temple, Srirangam Temple, Tiruvannama-lai Temple, Velankanni, Ooty and Kodaikanal.\"Intach will prepare and submit the action plan within a week. To help implement the plan, a period of one year has been fixed and more sites will be taken up in the future,\" said a tourism department official.A five-member committee formed for each site will inspect and implement an action plan for the areas selected. The department also hopes to rope in local self-help groups to ensure cleanliness in and around the buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17320268", "title": "Work on Kannada script to start in Dec", "text": "MANGALORE: A five-day workshop of Konkani language experts will set in motion the process of creation of Kannada script text corpus for digital language lab (DLL) software installed in Konkani Language Laboratory of World Konkani Centre, Shaktinagar from December 20. The centre for now can bank on 30 lakh word text corpus developed in Devanagari script by experts in Goa and this workshop will focus on text corpora for Kannada script. While primary use of the software is to enhance English communication skills in students, the centre intends to use the software to develop modules for teaching similar skills to Konkani speaking populace. To achieve this aim, the centre has to tide over challenges in its endeavour posed by multiple scripts - Kannada, Devanagari and Roman being predominant among them and dialects that touch on a wide gamut of regional and geographical varieties. Gurudath Bantwalkar, assistant director, World Institute of Konkani Language driving force in setting up the laboratory told TOI the centre will also put into use the Konkanverter, the Konkani script conversion utility already in place to go about the task of transliteration of text from one script to the other. The script conversion utility allows around 70% of rule based transliteration and the rest has to be achieved through a process of manual refining. Possibilities of using this software for Konkani teaching is unlimited, said Giridhar Kamath, coordinator of Konkani Students Higher Achievement Motivation and Training Academy at the Centre. There are many NRI Konkani speaking families whose children do not have any exposure to speaking and reading text in the language. The software with its ability to provide voice and video output can be used to teach the language to such students, he said. Professionally recorded text, video files can be incorporated to build up teaching modules for any language and the software allows users to customise it to meet their requirements. The centre will also hold training sessions for trainers who will first learn the use of this software during weekend training classes and later train students from Konkani speaking communities at the lab using the Konkani language modules developed through literary exercises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17317808", "title": "Saputara sojourn not soothing", "text": "SURAT: For Sunil Diwan, a businessman from Gandhidham, Saputara - Gujarat's only hill station - has taught a hard lesson: Always carry sufficient cash in your pocket. He had come with his family to enjoy Diwali vacation in Saputara but fell short of cash. To his surprise, there was not a single ATM at the hill station from where Diwan could withdraw money. He was told to go to Ahwa, some 30km away.\"It was the worst experience in my life. I had to travel 30km for an ATM. Even the internet and other facilities do not work in Saputara and thus your credit card is of no use,\" said Diwan.'Khushboo Gujarat Ki' campaign by Amitabh Bachchan may have attracted hordes of tourists to Saputara this Diwali vacation. But in the absence of proper infrastructure and basic facilities, it has been a bitter experience for many like Diwan.Tourists say the road conditions are worst. Driving in the main market or visiting the sunset point is a nightmare. At one of the highest points in Saputara from where one can enjoy the pristine beauty of the hill station, the condition of road is such that one can't think of driving in the car. Instead, walking up the hill is a better option.Even the tourist attractions like the Rose Garden and the Step Garden are lying in the state of neglect. In the Rose Garden, the tourists could see only the roses that are grown in the backyards of most homes across the state. The Step Garden has been revamped with the construction of small cottages.\"Saputara could become the best tourist destination. But the tourist attractions like sunset point, Rose Garden, Step Garden and the hilltops are in the state of neglect. Recently, a family who had gone to the sunset point had a very narrow escape while coming down the hill due to the bad condition of the roads,\" said Ramu Chaudhary, owner of a restaurant in Saputara.A hotel owner seeking anonymity said, \"Tourists book rooms for three to four days but check out within two days. The reason is Saputara lacks basic necessities.\"Moreover, the already bad roads become extremely clogged as the entire place has been captured by the roadside eateries. \"There is no spot for the tourists to park their vehicles,\" said a visitor.When contacted, a senior officer of tourism department said, \"The district administration and the tourism department have been working jointly to give a facelift to Saputara.\"In a short span, we will be taking up infrastructure work like the construction of roads and development of the tourist attraction spots. We have also asked the leading banks to open ATM centres in Saputara.\"Facelift work beginsThe process to give a facelift to Saputara hill station in Dang began in October with the foundation laying ceremony for two huge entry gates and re-development of the sunrise point. The Tourism Corporation of Gujarat Limited (TCGL) has taken up the renovation programme of more than Rs 100 crore, including development of the sunrise point at Rs 15 crore and the entry gates at Rs 1.5 crore, for the town that attracts more than 10 lakh tourists every year. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17318670", "title": "Jolie puts Pitt on dieting", "text": "Actor Brad Pitt has been reportedly put on a diet by fiancee Angelina Jolie after the former gained some weight.\"Brad's been putting on a few extra pounds, he's got flab around his waist,\" dailystar.co.uk quoted a source as saying. \"Angie is trying to shame him into getting back in shape by laughing at his pot belly,\" the source added.Pitt, 48, is becoming a couch potato as he loves watching cookery shows on television.\"He'll slouch in front of the TV for hours at a time watching Food Network. He only moves to make himself a plate of sandwiches which he'll often wash down with a couple of beers,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17316429", "title": "Animal lover thrashes man to death in Odhav", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An argument over beating stray dogs turned ugly in Odhav when a diamond polisher allegedly thrashed a 50-year-old man to death for attacking the canines.The victim Babu Patel started beating up the stray dogs when he woke up due to their barking early on Wednesday morning. Hearing the ruckus, Mahesh Patel, 36, staying near by picked up a fight with Patel and pulled him up for beating the animals.\"Mahesh attacked Patel with a stick that caused him severe head injuries. He collapsed on the spot,\" said JR Desai, inspector Odhav police station. Soon other people too came out of their houses and caught hold of Mahesh. They handed him over to police.Mahesh was an animal lover, said Desai.Shivlal Dawra, the deceased's relative, registered a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17318263", "title": "Ratul Khan leaves for Nasa, visa cleared", "text": "GUWAHATI: Ratul Khan, whose visa was pending at the American embassy in New Delhi, finally left for Washington DC on Wednesday immediately after it was cleared by the embassy.Ratul, who topped the Assam Higher Madrassa Examination, was among the six students selected for the Deba Kumar Bora Memorial Nasa visit. However, he couldn't leave for Washington DC on Tuesday with the other students as his visa was not cleared.Talking to TOI, Munna Ali Khan, Ratul's father said, \"At around 9 am, Ratul got a call from the Rashtriya Madhyamik Siksha Abhijan saying that his VISA had been cleared by the American embassy and he could now join the remaining six students in Nasa. The officials said his flight was scheduled for 3 pm.\"\"The official also informed Ratul that his visa was kept pending as he was from a madrassa and the American officials had to strictly monitor his visa,\" Ratul's father said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17315854", "title": "28 yrs after launch, IGGMC PG ortho gets MCI recognition", "text": "NAGPUR: Twenty eight years after its launch, Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGGMC) has managed to get its MS degree in orthopaedics recognized by the Medical Council of India (MCI). The course was started in 1984. This has come as good news to all senior orthopaedic surgeons of city whose degrees will be recognized retrospectively.If they want, they can now teach as professors in private colleges and even serve as PG guides. They would also be able to practice outside the state. Until now, with their degrees in orthopaedics from IGGMC recognized by the university and registered with the Maharashtra Medical Council, they could only practise and teach at government medical colleges within the state. They could not practise or teach outside the state nor could teach in private colleges in state.The council had inspected the college on June 6 this year. IGGMC dean Dr Prakash Wakode told TOI that the college received a letter from MCI giving a formal nod for one seat in orthopaedics on Tuesday. \"It has come as a shot in the arm for the college as the college had all its PG courses recognized by MCI except for orthopaedics and TB and chest medicine. The college applied for the recognition by MCI about a year back,\" said the dean. Dr Wakode said that though the college now meets all the infrastructural as well staff requirements for MCI recognition, it was the quality and quantum of work that impressed the MCI team.The orthopaedics head at IGGMC Dr Maroti Koichade said the college had the required staff of one professor, two associate professors, three lecturers and six residents. \"We now have all infrastructure including two operation theatres, including a specialized one for purposes like joint replacements, image intensifier, arthroscope etc and a research laboratory,\" he said. The college has also ensured separate rooms for all teaching staff, surgeons, residents' rooms, and waiting area for patients.\"Now if I want, with the number of publications and the experience, I can teach in AIIMS or PGI Chandigarh,\" said a delighted Dr Sanjiv Chaudhary who passed out his PG from IGGMC in 1988. Of course, all the practising doctors in city who have a MS degree in orthopaedics from IGGMC can teach in private colleges too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "karachi/islamabad", "code": "17315138", "title": "At least 14 people killed in four blasts in Pakistan", "text": "KARACHI/ISLAMABAD: At least 14 people were killed and dozens more injured in four terror attacks across Pakistan on Wednesday, including bombings outside Shia prayer halls in Karachi and Rawalpindi.The blasts came on the eve of the Developing Eight summit, which brings together Egypt , Bangladesh , Indonesia , Iran , Malaysia , Nigeria, Pakistan and Turkey in Islamabad .The first blast occurred when a suicide bomber's explosives detonated when his motorcycle collided with an auto-rickshaw a short distance from the main gate of the Imambargah at Orangi Town.Besides the suicide attacker, the auto-rickshaw driver was killed in the first blast. Police said they had collected the body parts of the suicide bomber.About an hour later, an improvised explosive device ( IED) planted near the same Imambargah was triggered by remote control as rescue workers and members of a bomb disposal were clearing the site of the first blast.A large number of reporters and television cameramen were present at the time of the second blast.Over 15 people, including media representatives, two children and security personnel, were injured in the attacks.In Quetta, the capital of the restive Balochistan province, five persons, including three security personnel and a woman, were killed and 28 more injured when a security forces vehicle was hit by a powerful roadside bomb at Shahbaz town.A bomb with about 15 kg of explosives was attached to a motorcycle and detonated by remote control as the security forces vehicle was passing the area, police said. The vehicle was escorting another vehicle carrying school children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17320618", "title": "Power supply to be hit on Nov 24", "text": "MYSORE: Parts of Mysore district will be affected with power disruption on Saturday. Due to maintenance work at Hootagalli Electricity Division, there will be no supply of electricity for a day, a press release from Chamundeshwari Electricity Supply Company stated. The areas are:!Hunsur electricity division: Hunsur town, Chilkunda, Kottegala, Kallahalli, Tattekere, Kattemalalvadi, Bannikuppe, Gawadagere, Mullur, Hirekyatanahalli, Harave, Govinahalli, Marduru, Beejaganahalli and Umattoru. !Bilikere division: Bilikere, Manuganahalli, Halebidu, Bolanahalli, Gagenahalli, Challahalli, Singaramaranahalli, Karimuddanahalli and Mullur. !Hanagudu division: Neralakuppe, Karanakuppe, Hangoodu, Doddahejjooru. !Periyapatna division: Nandinathapura, Panchavalli, Mutturu, Hunasavadi. !K R Nagar division: Hebbalu, Hosakote, Doddakoppalu, Byadarahalli, Keggere, Tipporu, Hampapura, Hosuru, Lalanadevanahalli, Adaguru !Gejjayyanavaddargudi division: Karimuddanahalli, Singamaranahalli, Gaddige, Dharmapura, Ooyigowdanahalli !Chunchanakatte electricity: Moovatooru, Haliyuru, Kestooru, Maayigowdanahalli !Ravandooru electricity: Ravandooru, Dodda belalu, Kittur, Makodu, Handitavalli !Bettadapura division: Kanagalu, Chapparadahalli, Halaganahalli, Bekkerebhuvanahalli, Attigoodu, Komalapura, Doddakamaravachi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17316803", "title": "He designed Chandigarh, but his house lies in neglect", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was home to city's first chief architect Pierre Jeanneret for 17 years and master architect Le Corbusier on almost all his visits here during the planning of Chandigarh. Built in 1954 as part of the first lot of houses for dignitaries, house number 57 in Sector 5 is now in a shambles.Perturbed over its poor condition, two contemporaries of the great architects \u00e2\u20ac\u201d M N Sharma and S D Sharma, both of whom were a part of the original team of Corbusier \u00e2\u20ac\u201d have sought that the house be brought back to its original glory and maintained properly.\"The house is a part of the city's heritage and Jeanneret hosted Corbusier whenever he came to the city after the house was built. As a successor to Jeanneret as the chief architect, I stayed in a house opposite to it which was designed by Maxwell Fry. All of these are architectural marvels,\" said M N Sharma.S D Sharma said, \"This is the house where Jeanneret, who designed the city from the scratch, lived for 17 years. It should be properly maintained with its wonderful furniture pieces, each of which is precious. Besides, the house can be developed into a tourist destination for people who want to know more about the city's heritage.\"The house is in a pitiable condition with weeds, heaps of garbage and rubble all over the lawn and the pathway. The building itself has clear signs of neglect, with windowpanes and door handles missing.UT adviser K K Sharma said a plan would soon be worked out by UT urban planning department to properly restore the heritage house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17320316", "title": "Israeli vice PM\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Gmail, Facebook, Twitter accounts hacked", "text": "NEW DELHI: Israeli Vice Prime Minister Silvan Shalom's Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Blogger and YouTube accounts were hacked on Wednesday by a group with Palestinian allegiance called ZCompany Hacking Crew (ZHC) in retaliation to Israel's retaliatory attacks on Gaza . The group has claimed it will leak the mails in the minister's Gmail account. Media reports said the Israeli Vice Prime Minister's Facebook account has been deleted as of now and all tweets posted from his Twitter account by the hackers have also been deleted.The hackers had posted tweets like \"Get out of Palestine &gt; Israeli Zionists! Stop the attacks! End the slaughter of innocent people!! Power to the people! #freepalestine #gaza\" while they had control of Shalom's Twitter handle. This and many other such tweets reached thousands who follow the minister. Until last reports, hackers still had the control of Shalom's Blogspot account and posted the following statement:\"To Every Zionist, Zionist Jew..And The Mute Spectating World.We wont let you forget about Palestine nor let you fool the world about the atrocities commited by you there, and about the miseries and sorrow of Palestinians through which they go each second of their lives. If you call killing of innocent children as young as 11 month old defense against \"Terrorism\" and arresting people/children for protesting against these atrocities, then you fooling yourselves. Israel no one can be as pathetic as you are, Remember what you do, shall come back to you soon.Viva Palestine!\"The YouTube account belonging to Shalom also had videos posted by the hackers, showing alleged Israeli atrocities against Palestine.On its official Twitter account, the hacking group posted: \"Ezine containing his contacts, docs, and some other interesting stuff. It will be posted soon today\"It also taunted the minister over what may be personal pictures by tweeting: \"Were u hiding something in your picassa Web albums Mister Sinister Minister Silvan Shalom ?\"Continuing its tirade against the Israeli attacks, hackers tweeted: \"@Op_Israel Italian People are with #Gaza. most of govts of the world are with Israel but the people are with #Palestine\"The group has repeatedly denied any association with Hamas as well as renowned hacker cell Anonymous.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319383", "title": "Aishwarya enjoys 'Life of Pi' at IFFI", "text": "Aishwarya R Dhanush has been invited to deliver a speech at the International Film Festival of India (IFFI), which is currently underway in Goa. The director of '3', is catching up international movies back to back. Also, she watched 'Life of Pi', which is slated to hit the screens Friday.Aishwarya had said that ' Life of Pi ' was a lovely movie to watch and she also congratulated the director Ang Lee for the excellent work.The festival is being held in Goa between November 20 and 30. Founded in 1952, IFFI is one of the most significant film festivals in Asia. Held annually in the beach town of Goa, the festival aims at providing a common platform for the cinemas of the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17315224", "title": "Eco-friendly bicycle set to provide last-mile link", "text": "GURGAON: The city will soon taste a new type of public transportation - 'bicycle sharing system'. If HUDA authorities are to be believed, the initiative will encourage the people to pedal from Metro stations to their workplace rather than opting for diesel-guzzling cars and autorickshaws.With the rise of the middle class, more and more people are buying cars, scooters and motorbikes, and the government failing to check the number of autorickshaws, there is a pressing need for a clean and green alternative.According to HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar, 12 such bicycle stands will be set up near Metro stations and other identified points in the city. The authority is planning to start at least four such bicycle stands within a week and make bicycle sharing system fully operational within two months. Kumar also said that though many modalities including dedicated cycling tracks, underpasses, infrastructure for payment for hiring cycles and others are yet to be worked out but the department is very serious in implementing it soon. He directed the project management consultant (sector roads) to make provisions for 5-metre-wide tracks and underpasses or foot overbridges for crossing in the plan so that it could be implemented without delay. On the other hand, he also invited the suggestions of experts to ensure that bicycle sharing system is useful for the city residents.Raising questions on the bicycle sharing system, Regional Adviser of UN-Habitat Kulwant Singh said the bicycle sharing plan was excellent but it should be handled with utmost care or else it could turn into a disaster.\"You need a dedicated bicycle track to ensure the safety of the commuters and more importantly the design of the project should be very clear before implementation,\" Kulwant Singh said. Akriti Singh, a private firm employee, said: \"This is fantastic plan and it should get implemented soon in Gurgaon. I am planning to buy a bicycle so that I can use it to commute short distances. Also keeping in view the traffic situation in Gurgaon, it will serve the needs of the public for last-mile connectivity.In cities like Bangalore, Pune and Chandigarh, where the system is already operational, the bicycles are rented out after the commuters get registered for using the service. The rental is one-fourth the autorickshaw fare but those cities have bicycle-friendly roads which is not the case with Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17316468", "title": "Safety experts to mull design fixes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Wednesday's head on collision of two BRTS buses was an eye-opener for the Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited (AJL) and the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation. Now the city planners have got down to the drawing board - rethinking and planning some major corridor design changes.To chalk out the plan, a former official of the Central Institute of Road Safety, AJL board of directors and engineers and Cept university consultants will hold an emergency meeting on Thursday. Issues like the buffer gap, which is 1.3 meters at present between to and fro lanes will be discussed. Also to be discussed are the reasons as to why did a tubeless tyre burst and led to the accident.Another touchy issue that is under scanner is the post 9 pm speed factor hitting almost all BRTS bus drivers. \"We have got complaints and subsequent investigations have also revealed that after 9 pm certain BRTS drivers tend to over speed. We are deliberating whether to install speed governors to stop such practices. Another problem that we want to resolve is that in case the hydraulic doors jam there should be an efficient emergency exit. Beside this, BRTS buses catching fire is another major concern we are looking into,\" said a senior AJL official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17314864", "title": "'She was full of life'", "text": "BANGALORE: Bright, humble and sincere student. That's how Prof B M Rudagi describes Savita Halappanavar , who died in Ireland last month.Dr Rudagi, currently professor and head of the department of oral and maxillofacial surgery, Sharad Pawar Dental College in Wardha, Maharashtra, taught at KLE Institute of Dental Sciences, Belgaum in 2001 when Savita was a student there.\"There are a lot of memories associated with Savita. She was good at dancing and cultural activities too. It's sad we lost her because of shameful laws,'' he said.His wife Dr Kavitarani Rudagi was Savita's classmate and best friend. \"We were in touch on Facebook and Orkut and shared many important things. She'd call us whenever she came to Karnataka,'' he said.Kavitarani, senior lecturer, department of conservative dentistry, at the same college as her husband just can't believe Savita is no more. \"She was full of life, very enthusiastic and a sincere student in college. She wanted to achieve a lot in life. We spent a lot of time together. Her death is shocking and difficult to accept. It's a great loss,'' said Kavitarani.They met in 2010 at Belgaum during the alumni meet organized by the college. \"We had a great time for two days and visited all our old addas, like Hotel Green and Atul Purohit where we ate bhelpuri,'' she recollected.At that meeting, Savita told Kavita she planned to have a baby a year or two later. \"She was giving some exams and said she planned to settle down and have a kid,'' said Kavita, who delivered twins last month. She plans to meet Savita's parents in Belgaum in about a month's time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17316881", "title": "Team Mamata gears up for rural polls with 8 new faces", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after completing 16 months in power, the Mamata Banerjee government effected its biggest reshuffle, giving preference to grassroots-level organizers in south Bengal with an eye on the forthcoming panchayat polls.The CM rewarded two former Congressmen for their crossover, but former bureaucrats and some party veterans have been left to manage faceless departments. Shyamal Mondal is the only cabinet minister to lose his berth.The chief minister handpicked her ministers from districts that had played a big role in bringing about poribartan in the 2011 assembly elections. The focus, clearly, is on the rural polls. New ministers have come from North and South 24-Parganas, Howrah, Hooghly, Burdwan, Nadia and Birbhum districts. Mamata has inducted former Congressmen Krishnendu Narayan Chowdhury and Humayun Kabir to cut into the Congress bastions of Malda and Murshidabad. And she has her trusted partyman Subrata Saha to take on Union minister of state Adhir Chowdhury in the Sagardighi turf.Mamata has taken care to pick at least one minister from each area facing land trouble. For instance, Becharam Manna of the Singur agitation repute has been made a minister to address the sentiments of Singur farmers waiting for return of land, Chandranath Sinha from Bolpur to tackle the Dubrajpur agitation, and Pundarikaksha Saha and Ujjal Biswas from Nadia to see that there is no repeat of the Tehatta firing. Senior Trinamool MLA from Purbasthali in Burdwan Swapan Debnath will assist the chief minister as MoS on land matters. The chief minister has also accommodated Matua leader Manjul Krishna Thakur in the cabinet because the Matuas in North 24-Parganas were the first to give the CPM a rebuff in the 2008 panchayat polls. Similarly, Giasuddin Molla from Magrahat has been made a minister of state in the minority affairs department to counter CPM's Haji Abdur Rezzak Molla.Ghatak to drive rural delivery mechanismIn a bid to rev up the delivery mechanism in rural Bengal that witnessed a spurt in suicides the last harvesting season due to falling paddy prices, Mamata has put Moloy Ghatak \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who hails from the rice bowl of Burdwan \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in charge of agriculture. The aging Rabindranath Bhattacharya has been shifted to the less important statistics and implementation department. He was earlier shifted from the school education department to agriculture. Feeling let down, the \"mastermoshai\" from Singur preferred to stay away from the swearing-in ceremony. Less attention has been given to the crucial law department. Minister of state Chandrima Bhattacharya has been put in independent charge of the law department in addition to assisting the CM in looking after health.Mamata rewarded Madan Mitra, Aroop Biswas, Manjul Krishna Thakur and Subrata Saha with cabinet berths, while Rachpal Singh and Bhattacharya were given less significant departments. Rajiv Banerjee was made an MIC, while Manturam Pakhira from Kakdwip has been made MoS with independent charge to replace Shyamal MandalManish Gupta, the power minister, will give up his planning and development portfolio to Rachpal Singh and Krishnendu Narayan Chowdhury will replace Rachpal as the tourism minister. Rabiranjan Chattopadhyay will also give up his technical education and training portfolio to Ujjal Biswas.Chattopadhyay, however, retains science, technology and biotechnology portfolio. Chandranath Sinha, likewise, will vacate his planning and programme implementation department to take up charge of the fisheries department vacated by Congress's Abu Hena. Sinha's planning and development portfolio will be taken up by Rabindranath Bhattacharya. Hyder Ali Safi loses his inland water transport portfolio which is likely to be merged with Irrigation and waterways for better administrative control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17316902", "title": "Schools\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 yes to new plan", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Private schools in the city have decided to follow the common admission schedule for admissions to kindergarten, but only after the Punjab and Haryana high court announces its verdict on the pending issue of fee hike. If the decision does not come anytime soon, then the schools might shift the schedule.\"Schools need to inform parents about fees well in advance. Without the court's verdict, it will be difficult for parents as well to decide a school for their ward. Besides, from travel allowance (TA), dearness allowance (DA) to teachers' fee, everything for the next academic session depends on it. And so, it might be a bit difficult to go ahead with the admission process without it,\" said Sanjay Sardana, director of Manav Mangal chain of schools. \"Every year, there is a fee hike of 10%. But we can't do it this year till the case is pending before the court,\" said H S Mamik, president of Independent Schools' Association (ISA).A meeting to discuss the issues was held between the private schools and the UT education department on Wednesday. In it, the department agreed to make changes in the common admission schedule.The confusion, said private schools, could have been avoided had they been consulted earlier.\"There were only two or three schools that wanted a change in the schedule. The remaining ones were fine with it. And so, we have made some changes in it. Now, all the schools will follow the schedule. The problem of winter vacations overlapping the admission process has been sorted out,\" said director, public instructions, (schools), Upkaar Singh. On the fee hike issue, he said the schools could mention that fee was subject to change. The schools, however, said it was not the solution.Changes in the schedule are of dates in January when the list of selected children and those in the waiting will be displayed and draws conducted. Earlier, these were to be done between January 10 and 15. But now, the steps would be followed from January 5 to 20. Rest of the schedule will be the same.To address issues related to the Right to Education ( RTE), the DPI has asked private schools to submit their queries in the next 48 hours. He has promised a reply in four to five days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17318719", "title": "Fearing scolding, 3 kids stay away from home for 5 days", "text": "INDORE: Fearing scolding, three children, including two brothers, left home and took shelter in a nearby temple in Aerodrum area. After five days, they were traced by police.Investigating officer Anil Kumar Gautam said Shardabai reported the issue to police only on Tuesday after waiting for five days. Shardabai's brother Mahesh, 10, and her two sons Anil, 13 and Sunil, 9, disappeared on November 15.He said all three children went to Vijasan Mata Mandir on November 15. When they got late, they did not return home as they feared that they would get a dressing down.Gautam said earlier the woman had scolded them for similar reason, so they were scared. They spent five days near temple and eat food with the help of locals.The woman searched them everywhere, but could not find them. Subsequently, she reported the issue to Aerodrum police. Later, the police traced them in nearby area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "jhansi", "code": "17315838", "title": "Bundelkhand package extended by 3 years", "text": "JHANSI: The special Bundelkhand package announced by the Central government has been extended till 2017. This was announced by JS Samra, CEO, National Rainfed Area Authority (NRAA), the nodal agency created under the Planning Commission to release funds for Bundelkhand.The Rs 7,266 crore special package was announced by the Planning Commission in 2009 for three years.Samra, who is here to monitor the progress under the package in Jhansi and Lalitpur, expressed displeasure over the slow work progress. He also announced the release of Rs 1,400 crore for the financial year 2013-14 under the package. Out of this, UP will get Rs 690.25 crore while Madhya Pradesh will get Rs 527.57 crore. He added that till date they have received confirmation for completion of works worth Rs 179 crore out of Rs 1,005 crore allocated. This amounts to only 18% of the total allocated fund. Samra though admitted that Rs 320 crore sanctioned for the construction of Mandi could not be utilized due to non-availability of suitable land.He also raised the issue of not giving the claims for the death of goats which was already sanctioned. Out of 2,071 applications of such claims, only 1,275 have been cleared till now. The NRAA chief also inspected the milk processing plant with capacity to process 10,000 litres milk. The plaint is being built under the special package with a budget of Rs 5 crore and is scheduled to be completed by year end.On Wednesday, Samra visited villages of Lalitpur including Sehpura, Jhaklon Pump Canal, Ranipura Rajghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17316193", "title": "Mice, roaches found in US airlines' food", "text": "WASHINGTON: In a shocker, the US food and drug administration (FDA) has discovered the presence of mice, ants and cockroaches in food served on airlines in the country.Through a Freedom of Information Act request, the Show \"20/20\" obtained lists of recent health violation records from the FDA, the agency in charge of inspecting airlines and their caterers.Over almost four years, the industry counted more than 1,500 health violations, the ABC News reported. \"Significant\" problems were found at a much higher rate than in other industries the FDA inspects, the agency said. Food facilities at LSG Sky Chefs, a major provider of airline food, were found to be infested with ants, dead and live flies, and cockroaches \"all over\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17317371", "title": "Ajmal Kasab's case moved swiftly through various stages", "text": "MUMBAI: The special court where Ajmal Kasab was sentenced to death was also the venue of another high-profile terror trial. More than 120 individuals stood accused of perpetrating the 1993 Mumbai bomb blasts that claimed 257 lives; 100 of them were convicted ; and 12 were awarded death penalty in 2007 at the court adjacent to Arthur Road Jail. Yet, their appeals are still g rinding forward through the judicial process.In contrast, Kasab's trial began at the same court in April 2009 and ended a year later in May, with special trial judge M L Tahaliyani awarding the 26/11 gunman capital punishment. \"You will be hanged by your neck till you are dead. Yeh hamara tareeka hai,\" said judge Tahaliyani.Kasab's case traversed the next two stages of the Indian criminal justice system swiftly. By February 2011, the Bombay high court confirmed the gunman's trip to the gallows for \"a conspiracy hatched in Pakistan to attack the Indian government and weaken India's economic might\". On August 29 this year, the Supreme Court upheld the death penalty. Even Kasab's mercy petition was disposed off within months. Finally, he was hanged within weeks of the President rejecting the clemency plea.The speed at which the 26/11 gunman's case progressed had never been witnessed before in any criminal trial of such magnitude. \"It was the fastest execution in a terror attack,\" said Ujjwal Nikam, the special public prosecutor in Kasab's case. Nikam argued that there was \"nothing secretive\" about the Pakistani gunman's execution. The swiftness and discreetness were maintained, said a senior lawyer, to avert possible attempts to delay or oppose the hanging. \"The execution was carried out in a disciplined manner. Ours is not a banana republic; it is a democracy. We do not have to execute in a public square,\" said Nikam.Many lawyers were disappointed with the \"discreet\" manner in which the government hanged Kasab. Pune lawyer Shrikan Shivade said, \"Gen A S Vaidya's killers Jinda and Sukha were hanged without secrecy in Yerawada Jail in 1992. They were hanged when terrorism was at its peak. Why the secrecy? Nowhere in the world is a criminal executed secretly. It defeats the purpose of it being a deterrent in law.\"Kasab's victimsAjmal Kasab was held guilty of murdering seven people directly and 65 others in common intent with Ismail Khan . This included the killing of the skipper of Kuber, the fishing boat hijacked by the 10 Pakistani terroristsDays of carnageMumbai was under attack for 60 hours, from 9.30pm on Nov 26 to around 9am on Nov 29.Of the 166 victims, 140 were Indian (including 18 security personnel) and 26 foreigners. Of the 238 injured, 217 were Indian (including 37 security personnel) and 21 foreigners.Overall monetary damage was pegged at about 150cr.35 accused, including Pakistani masterminds, still at large.Apart from Kasab and Ismail, the other eight terrorists were Bada Abdul Rehman (Hafiz Arshad), Javed, Soheb and Nazir Ahmed (Taj); Chhota Abdul Rehman and Fahad Ullah (Trident); Nasir and Imran Babar (Nariman House)Death penalty in MaharashtraPeople executed since 1950 - 57 (including Kasab)People currently on death row - Over 50First person to be executed - Panchakodi Nandalal on Aug 25, 1950.Last person to be executed - Sudhakar Joshi on Aug 26, 1995Women on death row - Renuka Shinde and Seema Gavit. They allegedly kidnapped 14 children and used them to commit robberies before killing them.Last high-profile executionHarjinder Singh Jinda and Sukhdev Singh Sukha were executed in Yerawada Jail on Oct 9, 1992, for the murder of Army chief Gen A S Vaidya, who supervised Operation Blue Star. Before the sentence was carried out, security was heightened around the Pune prison and the city. Forces were deployed to fend off any possible militant attack even in north India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17317733", "title": "Training on weed management", "text": "COIMBATORE: A huge amount of the agricultural produce of the country is lost during the yield time which makes weed management a necessity in the agricultural sector, said K Subbian, the Registrar of Tamil Nadu Agricultural University. He inaugurated a 20-day training on 'Sustainable Weed Management Options: Approaches and Applications', on Wednesday. \"In India around 69% of rice, 34%of wheat, to more than 80 percent in vegetables is lost during the yield, costing an estimated loss of around Rs 30,000 crores ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17315070", "title": "Better late than never, says Hussain\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s father", "text": "PATNA: A retired railway employee, Mohammad Alamgir of Khalilpura, Phulwarisharif, heaved a sigh of relief when he came to know that Kasab was finally hanged.Tears welling up in his eyes, Alamgir said justice was done in the case, at last. His son, Mohd Hussain, 35, was killed in the 26/11 terror attack at Mumbai Central station. \"My son had gone to appear at an interview conducted by the Railway Recruitment Board in Mumbai. Unfortunately, he fell to the terrorists' bullets in Mumbai. Natural end of justice has ultimately prevailed. It is better late than never,\" he said, adding Kasab should have been hanged in public much earlier.The victim's wife, Sabana Praveen, said the soul of her husband would now rest in peace. She, however, feels the government must create such an atmosphere that the ugly face of terrorism dare not rear its head in a civilized society.Former railway minister Lalu Prasad had ensured Sabana a job in the railways to eke out her livelihood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17320376", "title": "Good response from fans for Mumbai Test", "text": "MUMBAI: The response from the public for the second India-England Test starting on Friday at the Wankhede Stadium has been encouraging with Rs 30 lakh worth tickets already sold by match hosts Mumbai Cricket Association.\"We expect a minimum crowd of 25,000 for the first three days of the game which fall on week-end. We are quite pleased with the response. Around 13,000 tickets are available for the public to be purchased from the ticket counters or online,\" said MCA vice-president Vinod Deshpande on the eve of the match.The lowest-price daily ticket costs Rs 50 while the most cost-effective season ticket is Rs 150, both for the popular Sunil Gavaskar stand (lower tier) while the upper tier season tickets, plus for other public stands cost Rs 150 (daily) and Rs 600 (for five days) respectively, according to Deshpande.After the 2011 World Cup games, MCA has outsourced ticket sales to be sold on www.bookmyushow.com, he said.Wankhede is hosting its 23rd Test match and it may also be the last game to be played by Sachin Tendulkar , who is at the fag-end of his glittering career, at his home ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17317831", "title": "Security is serious business at hotels", "text": "KOCHI: Post 26/11 Mumbai terrorist attack, the security systems at hotels in the city have undergone a paradigm shift. A guest is now subjected to a series of security checks at the entrance of star hotels which earlier used to have a doorman with a welcoming smile.\"All star hotels in the city were directed to strengthen security measures in their premises to ensure foolproof security. The 26/11 incident was an eye opener for private enterprises as they understood the need to have strong security arrangements to thwart a terrorist attack,\" said city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar.He said that it was the police that launched a novel project to conduct security audit at hotels and suggest measures to strengthen the security. \"All star hotels have complied with our suggestions and put in place appropriate measures. They have installed surveillance cameras and baggage screeners at the entrance. All guests are frisked at the entrance. We also conduct regular review meetings with the hotel industry to take stock of the situation,\" the commissioner said.From appointing just a uniformed private security guard at the entrance, the hotels have sanitized their premises by installing state-of-the-art security systems. \"We have increased the number of security guards in the hotel. Also, we conduct mock drills twice a year and security exercise once in three months to ensure that there is no security lapse in case of an emergency,\" said Chinnu Jimmy, assistant manager (PR), Le Meridien.\"We have installed CCTV cameras all over the place. Car body scanners and baggage scanners have been installed. Security has been strengthened in all our hotels,\" said Holiday Inn director of sales Nilay Saran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320014", "title": "Arjun wants to live Amitabh's life", "text": "Actor Arjun Rampal wants to live the life of Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan for a day.Arjun, 39, revealed his wish on a television reality show, which allows the biggest fan to live the life of their favourite star for a day.He said if he had the opportunity to live someone's life for an entire day, it had to be Amitabh. Previously, Hrithik Roshan had also expressed the same desire on the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320289", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan felicitated by Australian government", "text": "Amitabh Bachchan has been honoured by the Australian government for his contribution towards Indian cinema and fructifying the relations between the two countries.\"Another recognition by the Australian Government and its Commission here in Mumbai, in celebration for the 100 years of Indian Cinema, and my contribution towards fructifying the relations between the two countries...I am most humbled...,\" the 70-year-old posted on his blog.Last year, Amitabh was conferred an honorary doctorate from the Queensland University of Technology in Brisbane, Australia.He was also awarded France's highest civilian honour, the Knight of the Legion of Honour, for his exceptional career in the world of cinema and beyond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17314655", "title": "5 suicides in a day in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: The city witnessed a spurt in suicides with five persons ending their lives in separate incidents since Tuesday evening. Four of the suicides were reported on Tuesday night, and one on Wednesday. Three of the victims were housewives and one a girl in her early 20s.A 23-year-old MBA student committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling of her house in Pampa Layout, near Amruthahalli, off Bellary Road, on Wednesday afternoon.Anusha Subbaiah, a native of Kodagu and student of MS Ramaiah Institute of Management, chose to end her life when her parents had gone out for work. Just minutes prior to her act, Anusha sent a message to her classmate saying she was committing suicide.Her father Subbaiah is an ex-serviceman and works with a private firm. Her mother is a nurse with a private hospital. The classmate rushed to Anusha's house. He panicked as she did not respond to his calls and knocks. He informed the neighbours who alerted police.Amruthahalli police broke open the door to find her hanging from the ceiling with a dupatta.The body was taken to Bowring Hospital where a post-mortem was conducted.Police sources said a failed love affair may have led to the suicide. Anusha left behind a suicide note in which she stated that she alone was responsible for her death.* On Tuesday night, a 31-year-old housewife committed suicide at her residence in Ramaswamy Palya, near Banaswadi.Mary Shashikala had married Milton Royan, a businessman, four years ago. The couple has a three-year-old daughter. The suicide came to light on Wednesday morning. Shashikala was found hanging from the ceiling of her bathroom.Shashikala's mother Roselin alleged that dowry harassment led her daughter to end her life. She lodged a complaint with Banaswadi police against her son-in-law and his mother Arogya Mary. Milton and Arogya have been arrested.* Another housewife Shailaja, 30, committed suicide by hanging herself at her residence in SBM Colony, Mathikere, on Tuesday.Shailaja's husband said he woke up in the morning and found her dead. The couple hails from Andhra Pradesh. The reason for the extreme step is yet to be ascertained. A case has been registered at Yeshwantpur police station.* A 30-year-old homemaker and mother of a four-year-old boy was found hanging from the ceiling of her Malleswaram house on Tuesday night. The deceased, Rekha Bhat, was a resident of 8th Cross, Malleswaram.Her husband Subbarama Bhat, a priest in Maramma temple, said Rekha was alone in the house. \"I had gone out with my son to a relative's house in Rajajinagar. On returning, I found the door locked and grew suspicious when she didn't respond to my knocks,\" he said. On breaking open the door, he saw Rekha hanging from the ceiling. Police found no suicide note.* Painter M Muralidhar committed suicide by hanging himself in his house near Mico Layout on Tuesday night. Muralidhar stayed separately from his wife and two children. The incident came to light when neighbours noticed Muralidhar hadn't opened his door since morning and was not responding to their knocks. They broke open the door and found him dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17315848", "title": "Going, going, but staying!", "text": "NAGPUR: Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) dean Dr Rajaram Powar has withdrawn his request for voluntary retirement and will continue on his post. Had he not taken back the three-month notice sent on August 19, Monday would have been his last day in office.Many in the teaching as well as non-teaching cadre at GMCH had been waiting for the dean to go since he was allegedly not taking the required interest in the college and hospital administration. \"He has never been in college for a considerable stretch of time, so he is unable to take any major policy decisions. The acting dean now has powers to take any policy decision. Actually, Dr Powar never wanted to come to Nagpur from Kolhapur, where he was very comfortable as the dean. So, even after joining as GMCH dean he kept going back there. Otherwise too, when he is here he is hardly interested in college work,\" said a very senior teacher at the college.Dr Powar, though, denied all allegations of having a casual attitude towards his work and regularly being out of office during his two-and-a-half year tenure as dean of GMCH. \"I have never been casual about my work. Yes, I had to take leaves for long duration during this period, but they were due to certain personal compulsions, like marriages of my son and daughter. Last year, I was here attending to the winter session of legislative assembly in city until two days before my daughter's marriage. After so many years of service, don't I have the right to take leave for my family,\" he said.A RTI query reveals that Dr Powar has been on leave for around 180 days since joining as GMCH dean on June 16, 2010. After working for 12 days he went on 'joining leave' from June 28 to July 3. After working for a month he proceeded on earned leave from August 2 to 13. This was followed by medical leave from November 4 to 12 and from December 20 to January 13, 2011. After this, he took 15 days leave in July, another 17 days in Oct-Nov, 2011. Biggest stretch of leave was one month and three days from October 31 to December 3. This year too, Dr Powar has taken leave for 19, 7, 6, 15, 13 and 15 days until October 30.Dr Powar admits he was on leave for long periods, but said he was just using his accumulated earned and medical leave. He also denied allegations of apathy towards the college. \"There have been so many major developments in my tenure so far, like utilization of Rs 2 crore fund from the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojna, the e-library is ready, new emergency unit is working, work on trauma centre has begun and ophthalmology department has bought equipment worth Rs 80 lakh,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316460", "title": "5 star hotel tariffs crash again", "text": "CHENNAI: Five star hotels have been opening at such a rapid pace in the city that supply has outstripped demand and sent tariffs crashing. Luxury now cost as little as 4,500 a room per night.Three new five-star hotels have brought an additional 1,300 rooms to the city's existing 2,000-room inventory, and the increased competition has caused luxury room tariffs to fall by about 15% in four months.While the official tariffs range from 12,000 to 17,000, the realization rates don't go beyond 7,000, and the rest is considered cash discount, according to an industry source.Cash discounts apart, offers like stay-two-nights-get-one-night-free are doing rounds in five-star hotels. \"Tariffs fall further during weekends and rooms are given away at any price the customer demands, sometimes even 4,500 a room night,\" the source said.\"Hotels are left with no choice but to reduce tariffs since rooms will not find takers at the original, high rates. Hotels that have just added new rooms cannot go empty and need to find ways to cover costs,\" said The Accord Metropolitan general manager Rupesh Pandey.Occupancy levels too are falling, with corporate executives cutting down on travel due to the economic slowdown. \"Chennai used to maintain occupancy levels of 72% but this has fallen to about 60% over the last six months,\" a source said.Premium five-star hotels that inaugurated their properties recently were betting on the MICE (meetings, incentives, conferences, exhibitions) segment, but rates have fallen there too. Organising a conference for a group of 50 people cost about 900 a person a few months ago, but prices have come down to 650 a head in hotels like Accord Metropolitan and about 750 in premium hotels like Le Royal Meridien and The Park, according to the spokesperson of an industry body.Competition caused by the addition of rooms is not just driving down tariffs but also worsening the skilled labour shortage in the industry, according to Pandey. The industry is facing a 25% shortage of workers such as housekeepers, front office staff and chefs, he said. \"With the addition of rooms, hotels are facing a shortage of staff, and are investing in in-house training and 'multi-skilling' employees. But after doing so, they run the risk of losing them to other hotels who poach employees with higher salaries,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17315858", "title": "CAG 'comes up' with multi-crore scam in Nagpur Municipal Corporation under JNNURM projects", "text": "NAGPUR: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has reportedly unearthed a multi-crore scam at the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and irregularities worth crores of rupees approved under the Central government's Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). The cabinet in the meeting held on Wednesday in Mumbai has reportedly approved the proposal to table the CAG report in the state legislature during the winter session.Mantralaya sources told TOI that heated discussion took place at the cabinet meeting. \"EGS minister and North Nagpur MLA Nitin Raut demanded inquiry into all the irregularities and immediate action. Raut informed the cabinet about many other irregularities happening in the BJP-ruled NMC. He also informed about earlier demands for inquiry into these irregularities,\" said sources.Regarding cabinet's decision to table the CAG report in the state legislature, sources said, \"Raut was told that any inquiry can be ordered only after the CAG report is first tabled before the state legislature followed by discussion.\"Questions are being raised over some NMC projects, especially 24X7 water supply project, Kanhan water treatment plant, Pench-IV project and Starbuses approved under JNNURM. The CAG report may put the BJP in a tight spot as it's already under pressure following accusations against its national president Nitin Gadkari over his businesses.The NMC handed over entire water works to private operator Orange City Water Private Limited (OCWL) for 25 years along with work order to execute 24x7 water supply project citing PPP model inviting controversy.The Centre had approved 19 projects worth Rs1,581.23 crore to the cash-strapped NMC under JNNURM in 2006-07 and 2009. The CAG has already unearthed financial losses of Rs2.85 crore in Pench-IV project and Rs46.06 lakh in procurement of Starbuses.The CAG highlighted these irregularities in its recent audit report on local bodies and a few more projects other than JNNURM may also come under scanner. These fresh findings may heat up the political scene at the NMC and also in the city during the winter session.Besides, the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of the state legislature may bring more trouble for the NMC during the winter session. Sources told TOI that the PAC reviewed two observations of the CAG related to the NMC at a meeting held a couple of days ago in Mumbai and is expected to table its final report during the winter session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17315464", "title": "Bank cheated by couple who took Rs 10L loan", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR citing charges of cheating and fraud has been lodged by Palam Vihar police against a man and a woman, who allegedly took a loan of Rs 10 lakh after producing a forged sale deed and other fake documents to the bank.Police registered the FIR on the complaint of the branch manager of the Sector 22-branch of OBC.According to police, Vineet Sharma, branch manager of Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC), Sector 22 branch, had lodged a complaint with Palam Vihar police saying that Deepak Kumar and Reshma, residents of Laxman Vihar Phase-II, had taken the Rs 10 lakh loan from their branch on October 10, 2009 in lieu of the said land.At that time the accused had managed to hoodwink the bank with their fake and forged documents, but after some time we found that the papers such as the sale deed of the land and witness verification were forged and they had cheated the bank.Despite the bank explicitly telling them to do so, they did not deposit any EMI with the bank.On the complaint of the bank branch manager, Palam Vihar police lodged the FIR against Deepak Kumar and Reshma under Sections 420, 467, 68, 471 and 120B of IPC.\"We are investigating the case from all angles. The accused will be arrested as early as possible,\" an investigating officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17315765", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation gives conditional nod to merger 28 villages", "text": "PUNE: Giving its conditional consent to the state government's proposal to bring 28 merged villages under the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) limits, the civic administration has demanded 19 TMC water quota and 100% assistance to develop infrastructure in the merged areas.\"The state government should allocate an annual water quota of 18.94 TMC before the villages are merged. This will help the civic body to cater to the drinking water needs of the population here. Also, the state government should provide 100% assistance to the PMC to develop basic infrastructure,\" states the civic administration's proposal tabled before the PMC Law Committee.The administration adds that the PMC would have to develop roads, health and education infrastructure, water supply lines, sewage treatment projects, etc, in the merged villages as it would not be possible without the state assistance.The civic law committee is expected to discuss the proposal next week and then forward the same to the state government. However, after initially supporting the merger proposal, political parties in PMC now want to reconsider the idea.Corporators of the ruling Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), the Congress, the BJP and the Shiv Sena stand divided on the merger. One of the civic officials said all party leaders were likely to meet early next week, before the law committee takes up the proposal.The state government had issued a notification on October 11 to merge 28 fringe villages to the PMC limits, a move which will increase the civic body's geographical area to more than 450 sq km from the present 243.84 sq km. The expanded city could come close to or become even bigger than the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), which, as the largest civic body in the state, covers an area of 480.24 sq km. Once the merger process in Puneis completed, thousands of acres of farmland will become available to the realty sector.BOXVillages to be mergedMhalunge, Sus, Bavdhan, Kirkitwadi, Pisoli, remaining parts of Lohegaon, Kondhwe-Dhawade, Kopre, Nanded, Khadakwasla, Shivane, remaining parts of Hadapsar, Mundhwa (remaining parts of Keshavnagar), Manjari, Narhe, Shivane, Ambegaon (Budruk), Undri, Dhayari, Ambegaon (Khurd), Urali Devachi, Mantarwadi, Holkarwadi, Handewadi, Wadachiwadi, Shewalewadi, Phursungi and Yewalewadi.Eom/rj", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17316048", "title": "Should police administration be blamed for the passport verification process being hit due to the absence of a PI?", "text": "Of course, most definitely. I am rather surprised to hear the functioning of our current administration in handling this issue, as chief minister Manohar Parrikar was voted to power to improve the situation with regards to government-functioning. Unfortunately, the passport office has received a severe jolt to its once excellent reputation, owing to the government.Rohit RebelloMarketing, VernaYes. Due to the poor administration of the police department, the common man has to suffer while waiting to get his passport documents done. Trips planned go in vain, and entire schedules go haywire. The department concerned should be more responsible while dealing with the public. Additional charge should have been given to another officer. People should not be held to ransom.Nitin ChandraMerchant Navy, VascoYes, obviously. It is not surprising to hear of situations like this involving our government departments. They are often disorganized in dealing with matters relating to the public. If they knew that there were just one or two people to handle the situation, then someone should have been held back. The senior officer on duty should have known this. Without a doubt, the department concerned is to be blamed. They should know what their priorities are.Roderick MonteiroStudent, PanajiDefinitely yes, it is the fault of the police administration. If they feel they are understaffed, they should see that it is taken care of. How can they afford to send the officials on long leave and make the common man suffer? The passport is a very important document. One never knows when it is needed urgently. Such delays show how irresponsible and incompetent administrative officials are towards their job.Sunny DiasBusiness, Vasco", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17316650", "title": "16-year-old kills mother to marry lover in Haryana", "text": "ROHTAK: Murder of a widow has sent shock waves in Gohana town of Sonipat district on Haryana as she was killed by none other than her own daughter on October 25. Her body was recovered from the canal on Wednesday.The urge to marry her lover drove the minor girl to kill her mother as she was against the matrimonial alliance. The 16-year-old school dropout married her 23-year-old lover barely 10 days after the murder. The latter is believed to have assisted in strangulating the elderly woman.The crime came to light when girl's maternal uncle got suspicious over the way his sister had disappeared and lodged a missing persons report with the police on Monday. When police questioned the girl and her husband, they gave contradicting replies. But persistent interrogation made the culprits confess to their crime.Gohana police station SHO Rajiv Kumar said the girl told her interrogators that she was having an affair with the youth for some time, but her mother had strong objections. \"The victim refused to let her daughter marry the man of her choice. Realizing that they would not be able to get married, the couple hatched a conspiracy to eliminate her,\" he said.On the night of October 25, the girl along with her lover took turns strangulating the elderly woman at her house and then took the body to a canal on the outskirts of the town. \"The girl put a lot of salt on her mother's body to quicken the decay process,\" said the police officer.Three days ago, her uncle came to their residence and found his sister missing. When he inquired about her from his niece she claimed that her mother had gone on a pilgrimage. But the uncle got suspicious and contacted the police after which the case was cracked on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17317220", "title": "Desk job can give you \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcoffice knee\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 ailment", "text": "LONDON: Rise of the internet and desk based jobs have been blamed for the latest in a line of joint ailments dubbed as 'office knee', a UK study has found. Researchers found that more than a quarter of workers in UK are suffering from painful knee joints and doctors have attributed this to rising levels of obesity and deskbased jobs across all age groups. Those over the age of 55 suffer the most, with one in ten questioned claiming they are in constant pain, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Almost a quarter of 1,600 workers aged 16 to 65 said they have been living with pain for up to two years. Sammy Margo, a spokesperson for the Chartered Society of Physiotherapy , said the rise of the internet and desk based jobs are to blame for the phenomenon of 'office knee'.\"I have seen a huge surge in the number of people with knee pain and it is down to the sedentary lifestyle people are leading now.\"It is very much people with desk based jobs, and some of them have been working for ten to 20 years in these roles. I have been a physiotherapist for the past 25 years and in that time we have had the advent of the internet, which has been very much a factor,\" she said.Consultant orthopaedic surgeon Ronan Banim said that surgeons are seeing knees that are \"literally being crushed\" by excess weight.He warned that if the levels of obesity continue to increase, the number of people who need knee replacements is likely to \"go through the roof \". \"To minimize the potential risks of getting knee pain, people who are becoming more active should look at pre and post activity warm-ups and downs, wearing good trainers and supporting the joint when exercising,\" Dr Sarah Dauncey added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17316774", "title": "Chandigarh plays host to world\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s youngest entrepreneur brothers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To promote young talent and encourage youth to become IT entrepreneurs, Destination IT @North, which kicks off on Thursday, will host lectures by brother-duo Sanjay and Sharavan Kumaran, believed to be country's youngest entrepreneurs, at CII and St Stephen's School, Sector 45, Chandigarh.Founders of a company called Go Dimensions, 12-year-old Shravan and 10-year-old Sanjay, both students of Vaels Billabong International School, Chennai, have been identified as the youngest mobile application programmers across the world.While Shravan takes the responsibility of the president of their firm, Sanjay is the CEO.The wiz kids have developed four applications for Apple that are available in Apple's app store. These applications have got over 17,000 downloads from more than 40 countries.Sanjay said, \"My interest in computers started very early and I started with making presentations at school. At home, my brother and I started learning QBasic, animation and then moved on to programming apps. Our dream was to start a company that could build new generation mobile applications. We could realize it when we actually started developing application for Apple iPhone and iPad. Of the four apps available in Apple app store and three in Android, \"Catch Me Cop\", a game app, is witnessing maximum downloads.\"The four applications they designed for Apple are \"Catch me Cop\", \"Alphabet Board\", \"Prayer Planet\" and \"Colour Palette\".Narrating his tryst with software programming, Shravan said, \"I have learnt computers from the time I was 4 and used to be hooked on to mobile games. Our dad encouraged us to experiment with games and we came up with Android apps \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a calculator and a quiz app. Then when our dad bought a Mac and an iPad and we started developing iPhone applications.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17319681", "title": "Allahabad University plans to redo hostel welfare committees", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Authorities of the Allahabad University have decided to restructure the welfare committee in all the hostels. Announcing this novel initiative, authorities have once again sent a strict message to all the illegal inmates in the hostels about action following surprise raids.According to dean student welfare, the said decision would cater to welfare of hundreds of rightful inmates in different hostels. \"The inmates of these hostels have contributed a lot to the success of Allahabad University and it is our moral responsibility to ensure that stay of these inmates is comfortable if they are legitimate inmates\", said the DSW, Prof R K Singh.Allahabad University authorities said in a press communique that they were conducting raids to flush out illegal inmates from all hostels so that fresh students could be provided accommodation and these raids would be followed by surprise checking drives so that illegal inmates are kept at bay and the hostels are free from the clutches of these elements. AU has pledged to provide best amenities to legal inmates of any of the hostels and the surprises checks would ensure that only those who deserve it get it. University authorities have further appealed to fresh inmates to contact the DSW or the Chief Proctor if they face any inconvenience during their stay and be assured that action would be taken.University authorities said various welfare schemes have been launched. \"We have initiated welfare projects for renovating hostels including complete renovation of hostel buildings which would be carried out in a phased manner, one hostel at a time,\" said the DSW. Every hostel would have new restructured coordination committees which would not only keep an eye on illegal inmates but also play a proactive role in bridging communication gap between AU authorities and inmates making ther stay comfortable, he added.\"We appeal to all inmates staying in any of the hostel illegally to evict the rooms or face action\", said the DSW, Prof Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17317846", "title": "'Don't change conflict diamond definition'", "text": "SURAT: Despite majority Kimberley Process (KP) committee members, which includes India, not endorsing the change to the definition of conflict diamonds, further calls made by the chair of KP, Ambassador Gillian Milovanovic to update the definition has not gone down well with the Indian diamond industry.During her recent speech at the Zimbabwe Diamond Conference 2012 in Victoria Falls, Milovanovic said that the KP certificates are not designed to address human rights, financial transparency, economic development , or other important questions though they clearly impact the diamond sector.Additional certification should apply only to armed conflict and/or armed violence that is demonstrably related to rough diamonds, not to isolated incidents, or to circumstances in which an armed conflict is unrelated to the diamond sector, she had said.The current definition of 'conflict diamond' refers to a diamond mined in a war zone and sold to finance an insurgency, invading army's war efforts or a warlord's activity, usually in Africa where around two-thirds of the world's diamonds are extracted.Now, the US which has become the new KP Chair for 2012-13 wants to expand the definition by including rough diamonds which are connected in any way to any kind of armed conflict or violent situations in the producing and trading areas.\"The US is trying to control the KP system. They (US leaders) have got the keys in their hands to bring the African countries like Zimbabwe under their control by implementing such vicious laws through KP. Indian industry will oppose it tooth and nail,\" said a member of the Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC).He said the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme (KPCS) was given approval by the UN on March 13, 2002 after two years of negotiations between the governments, diamond producers' non-government organizations (NGOs) and that India was a founder member. US was nowhere in the picture at that time.\"The proposal to change the conflict diamond definition will have a far reaching effect on the diamond producing and trading countries across the world. We have to do this with extreme care, because if we try and expand it carelessly, we run the risk of weakening its foundations and undermining the viability of the structure itself,\" he added.A DTC sightholder, requesting anonymity, said, \"If the new definition is accepted, trading centres like Antwerp India and Dubai will face a lot of problems, as even a small incident of violence over gems would be enough to declare it conflict gems.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17315914", "title": "Pepsi shells out 400cr to be IPL title sponsor", "text": "MUMBAI: Cola giant PepsiCo left Airtel far behind in a two-horse race to win the Indian Premier League title sponsorship for Rs 396 crore -- almost double of what previous rights holder DLF had paid in 2008 -- for the next five years starting 2013.The marketing committee of the cricket board met on Wednesday to open the two tenders they received. Airtel had offered Rs 316 crore for the rights. Pepsi rival Coca Cola, Twentieth Century Media, Star TV and Gameplan had picked up the tender documents but did not bid.Marketing committee chairman Farooq Abdullah said that the board was \"extremely pleased\" and the value of the winning bid \"reflects the growth and success of IPL\". IPL governing council chairman Rajeev Shukla too welcomed Pepsi to the IPL's central sponsorship pool.Some industry analysts said Pepsi may have overpaid to acquire the rights. However, Pepsico vice-president (marketing) Deepika Warrier insisted that the deal was worth the price since IPL had emerged as a major sporting brand that could rival any across the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17316023", "title": "Parts of Vasco have no power", "text": "VASCO: A 2km stretch of the port town-from the IOC terminal to the municipality building-is in the throngs of a power outage since 2.30pm Wednesday. Electricity department officials said supply will be restored only by noon on Thursday.The outage was caused when a JCB working in MPT's berth No. 9, near the railway lines, damaged four major electricity cables, officials said. The damage costs 5 lakh and the department expects MPT or the contractor to pay. MPT officials said the fault was entirely the contractor's.While the department's assistant engineer filed a police plaint late evening against the contractor, Vaishnavi First from Hyderabad, a livid power minister, Vasco MLA Milind Naik has asked the collector to investigate and take action against those at fault.Executive engineer Gopinathan Pillai told TOI that 40% of the town's power is supplied through underground cables from the Harbor station. Though the incident immediately shut down power in this predominantly commercial area-even Vasco police station personnel were seen working by candlelight- electricity officials, trying to find the fault, were informed by MPT around 7pm.Experts were immediately called from Ponda, but since it was already dark and the work is both, major and delicate, it will start only at 8am Thursday, said officials.Pillai said, \"Before starting the work, MPT did not ask us about the location of the cables, which are about 30 years old, and their officials were also lethargic in reporting the damage.\"MPT officials said, \"It is the contractor's fault. They were informed about the cables location couple of months before the work started. If they had any doubts they could have sought clarifications.\"Mormugao station PI Suresh Gaonkar said the case is registered under Section 3 of Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17315897", "title": "Government apathy hits rural RTO office construction", "text": "NAGPUR: Delays in taking up the construction of the rural RTO near Rural police headquarters in Teka Naka has cost the state dear. The project cost has gone up by over three times in four years.Confirming this, a senior RTO official (Nagpur rural) told TOI that a revised plan of Rs 15.83 crore has been sent to state government. Earlier, the cost of the project was Rs 5.13 crore.Moreover, after creation of rural RTO, the state government created two more transport offices in Maharashtra - one at Karad and another at Akluj in Solapur district. As both are in western Maharashtra, obviously the government has already sanctioned funds and construction of both the offices is underway but there is no progress vis-a-vis Nagpur rural RTO project.The Rural RTO office, which is also a regional head office in Vidarbha, not only caters to residents of 13 tehsil places of the district including Hingna, Saoner, Parsheoni, Mouda, Ramtek, Umrer, Bhivapur, Katol and Butibori, but also covers Gondia, Bhandara, Chandrapur, Gadchiroli districts.Officials wondered how the government could ignore the office generating over Rs 100 crore revenue every year. \"In 2010-11 and 2011-12, the rural RTO generated Rs 125 crore and Rs 153 crore respectively,\" said the officials. The Rural RTO office was shifted in one of the godowns of Food and Civil Supplies department in June 2008 for a monthly rent of Rs 36,000, the government had earmarked around Rs 5.16 crore apart from 5-acre land near Nagpur rural police headquarters off Kamptee road.The present office lacks basic facilities right from proper counter to even toilets. It just does not have enough covered area to accommodate applicants of driving licences and visitors. People visiting the office face a lot of problems. When it rains, they have no option but to get drenched as there is no shed at any of the counters.Another serious problem faced by the applicants is the absence of a testing track. TOI on Friday found that driving tests were being conducted on a nearby road. During the rainy season, the 'testing track' also gets waterlogged. \"Many times, routine work such as testing for licence-seekers is disrupted,\" admitted the official.People visiting the office complain of lack of amenities including drinking water and toilets. Still, the state government is not serious about okaying funds for new building for rural RTO. Despite repeated attempts, state transport secretary Shailesh Sharma was not available for comments. He also didn't respond to an SMS. District guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe said he was aware of the issue and was pursuing the matter with the CM. He, however, refused to spell out how much time it would take to get the required funds from the government.BJP MLA Devendra Fadnavis said this apathy towards Vidarbha has been there all along. He said he expected at least the ministers from the city to take up this issue. He also said he would raise it in the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17316668", "title": "Robert Vadra land deal: Panel a month more to probe Ashok Khemka's orders", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana government on Wednesday gave a month's extension to the committee set up to probe orders of whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka, who had cancelled the mutation of the land deal between AICC chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra and DLF .The state government on October 19 had asked the high-level committee, headed by additional chief secretary (revenue) Krishna Mohan, to complete the probe within a month. The committee was expected to submit its report by November 18, but the panel sought an extension of a month to examine more records related to the land deals of Vadra in four districts of Gurgaon, Faridabad, Palwal and Mewat.On October 15, then director general of land consolidation, Ashok Khemka, had set aside the mutation of Vadra-DLF deal on the ground that the assistant consolidation officer, who had sanctioned the change of title, was not competent to do so. Three days before it, Khemka had asked the deputy commissioners of Gurgaon, Faridabad, Palwal and Mewat to inspect all documents related to land deals by Vadra and his companies. The committee has been formed to conduct an inquiry into the issues raised by Khemka in both the orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17316015", "title": "Calangute temple burgled", "text": "CALANGUTE: The Shri Jambleshar Devastan temple at Gauravaddo, Calangute, was robbed on the intervening night of November 19 and 20.The complaint lodged with the Calangute police by Rajkumar Naik, president of the Shri Jambleshar Devastan, said that some unidentified culprits entered the temple between 10.30pm on November 19 and 7.30am on November 20, and stole 2,000 from the temple peti.The Calangute police have registered an offence under Section 380 of the Indian Penal Code and are conducting further investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "17317857", "title": "BSP comes out with first list of 50 candidates", "text": "Bharuch: Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) announced its first list of candidates for 50 assembly constituencies in the state on Wednesday.Releasing the list at Bharuch, state general secretary Arvindsinh Rana said, \"Our candidates will contest on all the 182 seats of Gujarat assembly. The first list has been approved by BSP supremo Mayawati. The candidates are educated and carry a good reputation in their respective constituencies.\"He said that Mayawati will address four public meetings in Gujarat during the poll campaign.\"The people of Uttar Pradesh have witnessed development under the BSP rule. We are going to promote the party's agenda before the voters of Gujarat,\" he said.The BSP has been trying to expand its base outside its strong hold of Uttar Pradesh. The party had also put up candidates on 166 seats in the last assembly polls. It had failed to win a single seat. The candidates had polled 2.62 per cent of the total votes cast in the state.The total votes polled by the 166 candidates from this national party were 5, 72,540. However, the number was greater than the votes that some of the other national parties like the CPM, CPI and NCP had polled. It needs to be mentioned that these national parties had fielded a far lesser number of candidates as compared to the BSP in the 2007 polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17314642", "title": "Major can marry his Lankan girlfriend", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Wednesday dismissed two writ appeals by the ministry of defence , challenging a decision of the single bench which ruled in favour of an Army Major who wanted to marry a Sri Lankan woman.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen imposed a cost of Rs 75,000 and directed the Army to pay the amount to Vikas Kumar, 35, a native of Bangalore and a Major in the Indian Army, and his girlfriend.The bench observed that it passed this order restricting itself to jural discipline, and the cost was imposed only because the Army preferred \"a second round of petition unnecessarily, in an obdurate manner without any cogent ground\".\"...the world has become a global village; distrust and discrimination against a foreign citizen remains the order of the day. There are several instances where citizens betray their own country. There is no empirical data that a foreign spouse will invariably constitute a weak link in the matter of national security,\" the bench observed in its verdict.Vikas Kumar joined the Army in 2000. He underwent a BE course sponsored by the Army. He is presently working as Major in the Corps of Signals in the northeast part of the country.On June 29, 2011, Vikas Kumar filed an application seeking release from service, saying he wanted to marry a foreign national who was not willing to give up her nationality. The application was rejected, saying it was \"incomplete\".Vikas Kumar challenged the order in the high court, where a single judge ruled in his favour. The judge had directed the Army to relieve him from the job as per the Army Order (AO) 14/2004 MI, governing 'Marriage with Foreign Nationals'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17316088", "title": "SC: Private guards with guns a big worry", "text": "NEW DELHI: Do armed guards of private security agencies have a licence to fire and kill, asked the Supreme Court on Wednesday taking suo motu note of the mysterious shootout death of liquor and real estate baron Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep.The court questioned the home ministry on the mechanism regulating private security agencies with a bench of Justices D K Jain and J S Khehar referring to the high profile killings saying, \"A recent incident, widely reported in the press, resulting in the death of two persons, allegedly on account of use of firearms by some private security personnel is a matter of grave concern.\"While making it clear that it does not intend to monitor investigations into the murder case, the bench asked additional solicitor general Siddharth Luthra to procure MHA's response to four questions on licensing and working of private security agencies.The questions deal with the legal regulatory framework under which private security agencies operate, the parameters or norms considered for issue of firearms and weapon licences to private security personnel, guidelines governing use of such arms and rights or duties of security agencies particularly with regard to criminal law.The court has asked if there is a need for guidelines if these are not in existence or need further refinement. The bench issued notices to the MHA and asked it to file affidavit within two weeks \"explaining its stand on the four questions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17317736", "title": "Mani arrested in pre-dawn swoop", "text": "KOCHI: Exactly 30 years and seven days after he allegedly played a role in the killing of Congress activist Anchery Baby, law came in search of CPM leader M M Mani on Wednesday.Mani, former Idukki secretary, was arrested in a pre-dawn swoop - code named Operation Ringtone - from his house in Kunjithani, Idukki, marking a new turn in the murder investigation of Baby, who was shot dead on November 13, 1982. Only a few, including chief minister, home minister, DGP, ADGP (int), Idukki SP and Kochi range inspector general were aware of the move.Elaborate arrangements were made to prevent any fallout. Over 1,000 cops were deployed along the Idukki border. IG K Padmakumar, who heads the SIT, said the arrest was made around 5.30am. \"We had given him enough time to pursue legal options before the arrest. He refused to appear for a polygraph test. His police custody will be soon sought,'' he said. Case against Mani was registered after he claimed in a public speech that CPM had annihilated Congress leaders and activists in Idukki. Mani was taken to the sub jail after the Nedumkandam magistrate court remanded him in judicial custody till December 5. The court also turned down Mani's bail plea.The CPM has called for a hartal in Idukki district to protest his arrest. The CPI said it won't support the hartal call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316385", "title": "Andhra Pradesh urges Centre to pass Data Protection Bill", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state on Wednesday urged the UPA government to table the Personal Data protection Bill (PDP Bill) and get it passed in the winter session of Parliament.In a letter to Union communication and information technology minister Kapil Sibal , IT minister Ponnala Lakshmiah said foreign investors were worried about the data theft in India as there was no protection for their data in the country. \"The need for a stringent legislation in line with European Union and USA legislations is of paramount importance if India has to sustain investors' confidence, that sends large amounts of data to India for back-office operation,\" Ponnala wrote in the letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315091", "title": "BMW hit and run case: R K Anand fined, told to help poor", "text": "NEW DELHI: For attempting to influence prosecution witness during trial in the BMW hit and run case, the Supreme Court ordered ex-senior advocate R K Anand to pay Rs 21 lakh for setting up a library in a law college meant for the underprivileged and also render free professional service to poor litigants for a year.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi, Aftab Alam and C K Prasad said instead of enhancing the \"inadequate\" punishment imposed in 2008 by the Delhi High Court on a \"remorseless\" Anand, it would be more useful to use his expertise through legal aid to help poor litigants.The bench accepted Anand's offer and directed him to \"place his professional services at the disposal of the Delhi Court Legal Services Authority which, in coordination with the Delhi HC Legal Services Authority, will frame a scheme to avail of the contemnor's services for doing cases of undefended accused whether at the trial or at the appellate stage\".The court said Anand could resume his professional services at the end of one year but told him that the cases entrusted to him under the legal aid services would have to be done free of cost till completion of the trial proceedings.\"In terms of his undertaking, the contemnor shall not do any kind of professional work charging any fees or for any personal considerations for one year from today. He shall exclusively devote his professional services to help pro bono the accused who, on account of lack of resources, are not in a position to engage any lawyer to defend themselves and have no means to have their cases effectively presented before the court,\" the bench said.The court asked Anand to deposit Rs 21 lakh with Bar Council of India (BCI) within a week. \"The BCI shall give the money to a law college preferably situated at a muffassil (rural) place and attended mostly by children from the underprivileged and deprived sections of society. The money may be used for developing the infrastructure of the college, such as classrooms, library, computer facilities or moot court facilities, etc. The BCI will ensure proper utilization of the money,\" it said before closing the proceedings against Anand.The HC had on August 21, 2008 held Anand guilty under the Contempt of Court Act and debarred him from practicing in the HC and courts subordinate to it for four months. It had said that he had forfeited his designation as senior advocate and recommended to the full court to divest him of the honour. It had also imposed a fine of Rs 2,000 on him.More than 13 years after he mowed down six people while driving a BMW in a drunken state, the Supreme Court on August 4 had convicted Sanjeev Nanda for an offence higher than rash and negligent driving and asked him to pay an additional Rs 50 lakh to a public fund for accident victims and do community service for two more years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319713", "title": "Scrolls of peace", "text": "Husband-wife duo from Kerala captures futility of war on the handspun khadiUsually delectable works of art are plastered on the hardbound canvas, however, a husband and wife duo from Kerala present their art on Khadi scrolls.Their most popular works, titled 'World Without Wars' are unconventionally painted on khadi, the fabric advocated by the Father of the Nation Mahatma Gandhi.These 20 paintings have quite a few distinguishing attributes. For one, they have been painted by husband-wife duo, Kodankandath Anthony Francis and Sherly, both self-taught artists.Each painting depicts an irony, and unleashes the false facade of pride in wars. For Francis, these artistic expressions were a vent of the disturbing impact of the Kargil war. Says the Superintendent of Customs (Intelligence), Cochin, \"Kargil was the most disturbing event in my life.\" The idea to convey a world without wars through paintings germinated then, and materialised in 2003, he says. Mahatma Gandhi was the undisputed choice for being the ambassador of the series and the homespun cloth as the medium of expression, the next most important element for him. The khadi cloth used comes from different parts of India, some picked up by them from places they visited, and some gifted.While Francis is not new to the paintbrush, this is Sherly's first since the artwork during her student days. The idea was, \"To sow the seeds of harmony at home first, and then head to the world with the message,\" says Francis.A homemaker, Shirly elaborates, \"The frame of the painting would be laid on the khadi canvas by Francis first. Then I would fill in my colours, anywhere and in any stroke I liked. After I would be done, Francis would take over and give the painting its final shape.\"Francis explains, \"Shirly could use any colour she liked at free will. Then I would add to it my character.\" Apart from creative extravaganza, it was a symbolic attempt at symbiosis and peaceful existence of different ideas.The essence of the theme is captured in a jigsaw puzzle style. Small pieces of painting that may singularly not appear as important come together and in totality form a story.A common favourite of theirs in the painting of Gandhi's statue hoisted on his book, 'My Experiments with Truth'. \"The paintings speaks of how Gandhi's teachings have been buried shut,\" says Francis.Coming together of different styles have definitely evolved each painting into a conclusive story. While Shirly let herself free, Francis performed vertical strokes overlapped by horizontal ones that lent a heightened effect.Paintings on the march Francis has dedicated three of the paintings to the World Marchfor Peace and Non-violence that begun in New Zealand on October 2, Gandhi's birthday that has been declared as the 'International Day of Nonviolence' by the United Nations . These paintings travelled with the convoys travelling world over to propagate peace and denounce dangerous situations that could lead to war. And the march wound up in at the Andes Mountains, Argentina, on January 2, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17315940", "title": "Film commission gets in-principle nod", "text": "PANAJI: The Union information and broadcasting ministry has in-principle approved the constitution of a national-level film commission in India, and was working out the modalities for its formation.Disclosing this after inaugurating the film bazaar organized as part of this year's International film festival of India (Iffi) on Wednesday, I and B minister Manish Tewari declined to give details on the time-frame for the formation of film commission.He said discussions were on with various stakeholders on the commission's formation.Asked about the reports that the home ministry had raised certain reservations on the formation of the commission, Tewari said, \"Home ministry will have natural concerns on the security aspects. Those concerns will also be factored into when the commission is finally formed.\"On the ongoing efforts of digitization of television, he said that it would be extended 38 cities in the next phase. \"In the first phase, digitization was introduced in the four metros-Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai. It was successful in Delhi and Mumbai but was facing problems in Chennai and Kolkata. We are determined to free television programme reception from the monopoly of cable operators,\" the minister said.He said the government was prepared to revisit the financing models of films. \"I have suggested that film-makers come and see me in Delhi, if they have any suggestions to reform the current financing models. But evolving a workable revenue model is finally the responsibility of the film-makers.\"The sixth edition of the annual Film Bazaar organized by National Film Development Corporation (NFDC) will have various workshops and seminars over four days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17318483", "title": "Sardaar takes over SRK\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s space", "text": "The war had begun months before their scheduled release date. And for 'Jab Tak Hai Jaan' and 'Son Of Sardaar', it seems to be continuing even after the big Diwali release. According to reports, months prior to their yet untitled film's release, Yash Raj Films had made a pact with single screen owners - they will get to showcase the single Eid release 'Ek Tha Tiger' only if they promise to release Yash Chopra's directorial on similar terms. Unwilling to lose out on the Salman Khan starrer 'Ek Tha Tiger', many had agreed then. Their stance seems to have changed now.TOI has found out that over 350 single screens across India have decided to replace JTHJ with SOS . These include Chitra in Dadar, Premiere in Dongri, Dreamland and Central Plaza in Mumbai and also Apsara Big in Ahmedabad.Confirming the news, Devgn's business manager Kumar Mangat said, \"This is good for the film. Theatres that couldn't screen SOS before will now be able to do so. I am told around 300 to 370 screens will be allotted to the film.\"Reportedly, SOS has collected approximately Rs 76 crore net all over India despite having 500 screens lesser than JTHJ , which collected approximately Rs 90 crore.When contacted, Aditya Choksi, a leading distributor and exhibitor from Central India said, \"Just like in other parts of India, in my circuit, SOS was screened in few theatres like Neel Kamal and Kusum (Indore) and Ganesh ( Pune). It was a success.\"Trade expert Amod Mehra said, \" JTHJ has failed miserably in single screens. Hence, theatres are ready to accommodate SOS now.\"Owner of Maratha Mandir, Manoj Desai, who started with three shows of JTHJ on November 13 confirmed that now they have reduced the number of shows to two.When contacted, YRF spokesperson said, \"It is normal trade practise to drop screen/show count in a week or two. And we have done just that after a successful run during which the film would have collected approximately 100 crores at the domestic box office and 50 crores overseas, at the end of the extended first week. Also, a lot of the theatres have been booked only for a one week run.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "solapur", "code": "17315656", "title": "Solapur survivors relive night at CST", "text": "SOLAPUR: It would have been like any other weekday for Shamshad Rampure of Solapur had she not turned on the television set on Wednesday morning. While surfing channels, she came across a news bulletin that flashed report of Ajmal Kasab's execution in Pune's Yerawada jail. \"I was in tears when I saw the news. It has been four years since my husband died leaving me helpless along with my four children.\"Shamshad's husband Aziz was at the CST in Mumbai when the 26/11 terror attack happened. He was about to board a train to Solapur when a bullet pierced his body. Shamshad said, \"Over the period of time, life was getting back to normal. We even received financial support from the government. But our only wish was a death sentence for Kasab which was fulfilled on Wednesday. We are extremely satisfied and feel that justice has been done. The news was shocking but pleasant.\"Other survivors from Solapur, who were either witnesses to the gory attack or were victims, said they get a feeling of satisfaction now. On November 26, Shabbir Dalal was waiting between platform numbers 13 and 14 at the CST to catch the Siddheshwar-Solapur Express. He was returning with his family to Solapur after seeing off his Mecca-bound brother at the airport. Around 10 pm, they heard the sound of bullets firing. \"I witnessed that fateful night when Kasab and other terrorists fired mercilessly. Two bullets had hit my right leg. My brother, Haji Ezaj Dalal, was shot in the heart and my uncle Aziz was shot in the back. Both died on the spot,\" said Dalal. He thanked the government for doing justice to the victims of the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17316811", "title": "Four landmarks on revival track", "text": "KOLKATA: Four of the best known landmark heritage buildings of the city have evoked a lot of interest among restorers and conservationists in far off Germany, the country that is considered to be the most advanced when it comes to preserving history. Ten of the top heritage conservationists from Germany will be visiting Victoria Memorial, National Library, Indian Museum and Asiatic Society for two days later this month and then draw up a conservation plan to help the monuments in their preservation efforts.The Goethe Institut that runs Max Mueller Bhavan, the German cultural centre in the city, is facilitating this two-day visit on November 28-29. Among the 10 experts who would be here are world renowned conservators like, Klaas Ruitenbeek, Director, Museum of Asian Art, Berlin, Toralf Gabsch, Head of the Restoration Workshop, Museum of Asian Art, Berlin, Stefan Geismeier, Restorer, Middle East Museum, Berlin, Georg Josef Dietz, Head Restoration Workshop, Prints and Drawings, Berlin, Stefan Simon, Director, Rathgen Research Laboratory, Berlin, Kuhlmann Hodick, Dresden, John Thummler, Wood Restorer, and Christine Mueller-Radoff, textile conservator, both at Grassi Museum of Ethnology, Leipzig.In getting these experts to the city, the Goethe Institut is continuing with its capacity-building initiative in Kolkata, something that it had started in 2010. As part of this initiative, famous painting restorer Renate Kant was brought in to train a band of restorers here and then work on the giant Last Supper oil painting by Zoffany, at the St John's Church in Dalhousie.Again, a team of German musicians have been training western music teachers (both vocal and instrumental) at the Calcutta School of Music and Kolkata Music Academy for the past three years. \"We wanted to bring in new projects into this collaboration. This time it is not Kolkata alone that will be part of the exchange. The restoration experts would also visit Delhi and Mumbai to take stock of heritage there,\" said Sharmishtha Sarker, spokesperson of the Goethe Institut.The experts will not get involved in the structural restoration of the four monuments. Instead, they will visit the restoration laboratories and archives in these buildings and interact with restorers to get a preliminary understanding of the technologies in use here.Take the case of the National Library that has a large restoration laboratory for preserving the thousands of manuscripts and other paper documents and books. There are reprography and digitisation sections too. \"The German experts are looking for opportunities to help the city with restoring paper/paintings and stone artefacts and not structural complexities,\" explained Sarker.At the end of the visit, they will together draw up a project that will look at specific areas of collaboration with the monuments here. The German museums to which these experts belong, are expected to help out not only by lending us these experts but also by providing necessary finances for specific areas of restoration.\"I am looking forward to the visit, really. It is only after they see our restoration laboratory and the kind of work that we do, will they suggest areas of collaboration. There is lots to do at the National Library and I am looking forward to a lot of constructive alliance,\" said director general Swapan Chakraborty. Anup Matilal, director of the Indian Museum agreed. \"It would be of great help if they could look at our stone statues and artefacts and suggest restoration ideas,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17316792", "title": "Follow \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcClean Up Now\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 message, or pay fine for littering", "text": "KOLKATA: Come December, residents of multi-storeyed buildings will be fined if they are caught throwing garbage on the road. Hawkers, too, would be booked for littering the marketplace. Even though the KMC Act says that the civic body can impose a fine of up to Rs 5,000 for littering streets, the amount of fine can vary from an individual to the owner of a commercial establishment.For example, the KMC solid waste department can impose a token fine of Rs 20 for an individual for littering the road. However, the amount of fine may go up to Rs 5,000 for owner of eateries or those involved in food business.Before imposing fines on the individuals or businessmen, the civic body will launch an awareness campaign, said Debabrata Majumder, MMiC, solid waste department. \"We have decided to launch an awareness drive before taking up the anti-littering drive. We have reasons to believe that people would respond to our appeal and refrain from littering their neighbourhood,\" Majumder said.Garbage Free India, an association formed by former Kolkatans, will assist the civic team in the awareness drive. \"We can take the help of voluntary organisations in spreading our message of making Kolkata a clean city,\" Majumder said.While the KMC solid waste management department will launch an awareness drive across the city, a crack team will conduct raids in some commercial zones. \"First, we will visit some areas in the Central Business District, including BBD Bag, Park Street, Camac Street and JL Nehru Road. The team then will move into other prominent places across the city,\" the MMiC said on Tuesday. A section of the KMC conservancy department officials said a special awareness drive would be undertaken to educate hawkers on the do's and don'ts of the anti-littering campaign.It's the filth in the city that made a group of around 200 former Kolkatans come together under the banner of Garbage Free India. Former students of La Martinier, Modern High School and St Xavier's \u00e2\u20ac\u201d majority of whom are now settled abroad \u00e2\u20ac\u201d got together to create the forum. But they haven't severed their ties with their beloved city nor have they stopped hating the fact that Kolkata is counted among the filthiest cities in the world.They have drawn up a 10-point agenda with which they approached KMC on Monday. It includes awareness on littering, health and environment, spot fines for littering, spitting and urinating on the roads, a 'Clean Up Now' campaign, modernization of garbage dumps and waste management.\"Sadly, Kolkata has always been a dirty city primarily because we, as citizens, have never bothered to keep the city clean. We need to change our habits. It's shameful but true that Kolkata is one of the dirtiest metros in India. Even Dhaka, which is geographically and culturally similar, happens to be much cleaner. If they can do it, so can we,\" said Rubayat Kadir, a member of Garbage Free India.It plans to start off with an awareness campaign and then follow it up with an incentive scheme. \"We need enforcement but with a carrot-and-stick policy. So, it would be nice if we can start a cleanest neighbourhood competition on the lines of those we have for the best puja,\" said Kadir. It could be followed by a campaign across schools in Kolkata.The city needs technology and funds to clean up, Kadir added. \"We have experts with us who are technically qualified to recommend and use technology that will help us clean up the city. They can also arrange funds, though there are formalities that must be adhered to and this is where the KMC will have to help. Little things like toilets and segregation of garbage at source might make a big difference. For instance, since space is a constraint in Kolkata, we can have smaller toilets. All we need is the technology, which is available,\" explained Kadir.Members were pleasantly surprised with KMC's response at Monday's meeting. \"They were very enthusiastic and seemed eager to join hands with us. We have made it clear that the awareness campaign is going to be the starting point for us and they have promised to help. We will take up specific projects subsequently.\"Contrary to the popular belief, the civic authorities are actually doing a fine job. They reach out individually to around 90% households in Kolkata, which is remarkable. It is primarily the citizens' responsibility to keep the city clean for the KMC can't go around cleaning round-the-clock,\" said Kadir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17314912", "title": "25% park lights don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t work, says South corporation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The South corporation has admitted that at least 25% of the lights installed in the parks are not functional and that not all parks in its jurisdiction have streetlights or high-mast lights. Even councillors say that despite repeated complaints to the zonal office, nothing has been done to fix the problem. The issue was raised in the South corporation's House meeting on Wednesday.\"In South zone, of the 714 lights installed in parks, 421 are not functional. We have asked the commissioner to take immediate fix this problem,\" said Subhash Arya, leader of the House, South corporation.In the meeting, the councillors said that due to procedural delays the corporation was not able to install new lights. The councillors also say that most stretches in colonies are not properly illuminated. The corporation has made a provision for Rs 79.8 crore for the streetlights. \"But the discoms are not doing the job properly. We should not release the amount if the streetlights are not working,\" said Arya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17317023", "title": "Foul trade of copra from Tamil Nadu alleged", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Foul trade of copra from Tamil Nadu to Kerala by copra procuring agencies is damaging the prospects of coconut farmers in the state. Farmers' organizations have come up with the demand to institute vigilance inquiry into the malpractice.\"Some societies have been bringing low quality copra from Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka to pocket government subsidy,\" alleged Karshaka Congress district committee. According to district president of the Karshaka Congress Ipe Vadakkedathil native farmers were denied opportunity to sell their products to the procurement centres and societies owing to the foul trade.Farmers said the illegal practice could be exposed by conducting raids at the procurement centres. \"The quality of copra from Kerala and Tamil Nadu is different which would help the officials to easily identify the imported copra,\" said K Johnson, district president of the Karshka Union, Kerala Congress (M).\"Though this is the season of copra procurement, none of the societies in Kozhikode procure copra from farmers citing that NAFED did not make the payment for previous procurements,\" said leaders of farmers' organizations. They said immediate intervention of government is required for the welfare of coconut farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316420", "title": "NRI attempts suicide in Chennai airport washroom", "text": "CHENNAI: A 26-year-old software engineer who returned from the US on Wednesday morning attempted suicide at the international airport in the city.Police said Eswaran Ramani, originally from Dharmapuri, had arrived from the US via Bahrain . He cleared immigration and went to the washroom, where he tried to strangle himself. Other passengers heard unusual sounds and broke open the door of the toilet cubicle. He was admitted in a private hospital and is out of danger.Police said they were looking into the possible reasons why Ramani attempted to commit suicide. One possibility was that the company he worked for in the US had laid him off and he was upset. \"Family commitments and the inability to face the world due to job loss could be a reason,\" police said.Forensic experts said that though it is theoretically possible to commit suicide by self-strangulation, in reality it is rare. Dr V Dikal, forensic expert, Savitha Medical College, said, \"When one strangulates oneself, he/she may lose consciousness and the loop around the neck will loosen. There will be some air and choking to death is impossible,\" he said.The 26-year-old software engineer could have attempted suicide due to family commitments and the inability to face the world due to job loss, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17315884", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation proposes to spend Rs 40 lakh a year on mobile bills", "text": "NAGPUR: The cash-strapped Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is spending Rs 40 lakh per annum on mobile bills. The expense came to fore when a proposal was submitted by NMC's general administration department (GAD) to the standing committee, requesting approval to spend Rs 1.20 crore over three years on mobile bills of office bearers, officials and select staffers.The standing committee will discuss and decide on the proposal in a meeting on November 23. The GAD's proposal mentions that the tender to provide mobile service was floated after getting approval from the standing committee on July 7 this year. \"Bharti Airtel emerged as the lowest bidder. The standing committee may approve the proposal to give three years contract to the mobile company,\" the proposal says.The GAD has not included the expense of corporators' mobile bills in the Rs 40 lakh per annum expense and clearly said approval was sought for mobile bills of office bearers, officials and select staffers. However, the proposal is bound to trigger a controversy, since the GAD's earlier proposal before the standing committee in July mentioned the expense of corporators' mobile bills as part of the Rs 40 lakh per annum expense. The question is how the mobile bill remains the same even though the corporators' mobile bills have been excluded.After the meeting on July 7, chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari told TOI that directives were given to GAD to exclude corporators' expense from the total amount, as their mobile bills are recovered by NMC from their remuneration.The standing committee will also discuss four other proposals on Friday, including issuing work order to a Pune-based company for installing new traffic signals at 10 junctions. The standing committee kept the proposal on hold in the last meeting on November 12 for want of information related to bids received in the tender process.Another proposal is related to expenditure of Rs 72 lakh per annum on 100 computer operators deployed in various departments. According to the proposal, GAD estimated the expense at Rs 1.19 crore per annum but reduced it after a state government notification to pay Rs 6,000 per month to computer operators.One of the remaining two proposals is related to Gandhibagh garden. The NMC's garden department has proposed to spend Rs 45.49 lakh for some developmental works there. The standing committee's meeting was to be held on November 22, but has been postponed to November 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320731", "title": "Swati\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s in awe of Fahadh Faasil", "text": "Swati Reddy of Subramaniapuram fame is finally making her Mollywood debut through Lijo Jose's Amen.Touted to be a musical satire, Amen will see Swati playing Shoshanna, a typical Christian woman. The actress, who is impressed with the Mollywood working style, is full of praise for her co-star Fahadh Faasil.The actress is bowled by his acting prowess. \"When Lijo approached me for this project, I didn't know there was an actor called Fahadh. Later, I watched some of his movies - Chappa Kurisu and 22 Female Kottayam , and I was impressed with what I saw,\" she shares, adding that, she considers it lucky to have made her debut with such an excellent team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17313936", "title": "Cabinet nod likely against emission reduction pledge in Doha talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet is likely to decide against India increasing its emissions reduction pledge at the Doha climate talks to be held between November 26 and December 7.The ministry for external affairs and the environment ministry have recommended that India stick to its earlier voluntary pledge of reducing emission by 20%-25% below 2005 levels by 2020. A decision to this effect is expected to be taken at the Cabinet meeting on Thursday against the backdrop of developed countries threatening to renege on pledges made last year.The two nodal ministries have also recommended that any new obligation to reduce emissions through 'supplementary actions' such as agricultural emissions and refrigerant gases should only be done in adherence to the existing UN climate conventions and on availability of funds and technologies.The ministries have warned that the developed countries are already bearing a less than proportionate burden of emission reductions want to shift greater burden on the developing nations by pushing up the latter's existing voluntary pledges and turning them into binding international commitments.The likely decision comes with the caveat that the European Union (EU) and other developed countries have expressed their inability to ratify the second phase of the Kyoto Protocol (KP2), starting next year even provisionally. EU, the government has noted, wants to make the developing world pay twice over for operationalizing KP2.EU and other developed countries had agreed to KP2 at Durban climate negotiations last December against an understanding with the developing countries to launch talks on a new post-2020 climate regime. But, now the EU wants to link and synchronize the actual ratification of the protocol to negotiations for this new global regime, which end only in 2015.India, having given in to successive game-altering decisions in 2009 and 2010, had fought back to get its basic concerns of equity, the principle of common but differentiated responsibility and historic responsibility back on the talks table in Durban. But internal assessments of the government had warned that the developed countries continue to shift goal posts each year, much to their \"undue advantage\".The Cabinet is likely to arm the negotiators to secure an unconditional ratification by the EU and other member countries to the protocol.The government has expressed concerns that the low-emission reduction commitments of the developed world \u00e2\u20ac\u201d even lower than that by the developing countries \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has left emission gaps wide open. To make matters worse, the developed world is exerting the developing countries to commit more.The government is also likely to empower the negotiating team, which is to be lead by environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan , to ensure that issues closer to its interests like equity, IPR and unilateral trade actions remain firmly embedded in the talks even as negotiations move on to shaping the post-2020 regime and close the other parallel tracks on long-term cooperative action.India will work closely with the G77 plus China group, the BASIC formation and the newly-stitched group of Like Minded Developing Countries. The like-minded countries' group \u00e2\u20ac\u201d jointly anchored by China and India \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has 15-20 strong developing economies on board. The group has emerged as a strong voice in global environment talks through the year in sharp contrast to small island nations and least developed countries seen cozying up with the EU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17316064", "title": "Major fire in a kite godown", "text": "JAIPUR: A major fire broke out in a kite godown situated in the Walled City area late on Wednesday evening. Goods worth lakhs of rupees were gutted, but no causalities were reported.Chief fire officer, Ishwar Lal Jat , said, \"It took at least three hours and around 15 fire tenders to douse the fire. As the roads in the Walled City are narrow, it was difficult to control the fire.\"Fire broke out on the third floor of a kite godown at Khejron Ka Rasta. The snorkels and brigades were finding it difficult to enter the narrow alleys of the Walled City. \"The nearby building was evacuated by the fire fighting teams for safety concerns. He added, \"The reason why the fire broke out is under investigation. Prima facie the fire occurred due to short circuit,\" said Jat.As the godwon was located in a residential area, the city police will register an FIR against the owner on Thursday. \"We will investigate the matter and register an FIR for undertaking commercial activity in residential area without permission,\" said circle inspector, Puspendra Singh, Kotwali.Eyewitness said the incident could have been worse had it taken place during the working hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320101", "title": "Rafi didn't want royalty for songs, reveals biography", "text": "UK-based Yasmin Rafi famously refers to herself as a fan of Mohammed Rafi, before she became family. Yasmin, who married Khalid Rafi, the son of one of Bollywood's most renowned playback singers, has written a biography in Hindi, 'Mohammed Rafi My Abba - A Memoir' translated into English by Rupa Srikumar and A K Srikumar. Both versions will be launched on November 25.The biography is peppered with anecdotes that reveal the cordial relationship Rafi, who was at one time the most sought-after playback singer, shared with most people in the industry.The book also touches on an old controversy that was recently resurrected by Lata Mangeshkar, Rafi's co-singer in several films, and his son Shahid Rafi, in September 2012. Mangeshkar claimed in a recent interview that she had only agreed to sing with Rafi after he sent her a letter of apology. To which, Shahid Rafi threatened to sue Mangeshkar for the comment, saying, \"I think she is insecure about my father's fan following and that is why she has done this.\" Excerpts from the interview with Yasmin and her book:Two months ago, Shahid Rafi threatened to sue Lata Mangeshkar because she spoke of a letter of apology that Mohammed Rafi had written to her about the royalty issue. What came of that? I'm not really in a position to comment on what Shahid said as till this day, I'm not sure what was said. However, I did read the news on Lataji's statement and I must say it was hurtful to read. There was no such letter written by Rafi saheb. I have always respected Lataji, not only for her amazing talent but for being a good person and that has not changed, even after this incident.You and your family are not of the same opinion as Rafi saheb on the matter of royalty, the biography reveals. There is no doubt that most members of the family were, and perhaps still are, bemused at why he did not explore royalty payments. I don't really have an explanation for this apart from the simple fact that he strongly believed that a singer should only receive a one-off payment and nothing more. What I can tell you is that in later years, there were times when he admitted his mistake to my husband.Extracted with permission of the publisher from 'Mohammed Rafi My Abba - A Memoir' by Yasmin Khalid Rafi and translated from Hindi by Rupa Srikumar and AK Srikumar In the beginning of 1960, there came a phase when Lata Mangeshkar fell out with Rafi Saheb and stopped singing duets with him. They did not work together for two or three years. Lata Mangeshkar sang with Mahendra Kapoor and Suman Kalyanpur sang with Rafi Saheb during this period. The late music director Jaikishen finally effected reconciliation between the two.The first duet they recorded together after this episode was for the film, Palkon ki Chhaaon Mein. Their differences had arisen over the issue of royalty payments on the songs sung by them. Lataji wanted to be paid royalty and raised this issue with the producers; she expected Rafi Saheb to support her point of view, which was in fact justified. But contrary to her expectations, Rafi Saheb took a different stand. He opined, 'When the producer pays the fee the singer demands for a song, thereafter the singer should not have a share in the royalty.' This was probably a hasty decision, taken without careful consideration. The singer breathes life into song, so then why should he not share the profits? The issue of royalty was discussed several times in our household, during Abba's lifetime and after he passed away, and continues to be today.Khalid would say, 'When I came to know of this issue for the first time and was able to comprehend the enormity of what had happened, my mind was paralysed.' While talking about this in London, Khalid told Abba, 'Dad, out here when somebody creates one song and it becomes a hit, that singer becomes a millionaire, overnight. You have done countless songs, how much would all that royalty be worth?' Abba was silent for a while, and then said, 'All I ever thought about was that one would sing a song and get paid a fee for it. The other party should not incur a loss.'After Abba's passing away, Amma raised this issue many a time with Khalid. 'Kaka, do something about this matter if you can. I'm quite sorry it turned out this way. It's wrong, horribly wrong that almost everyone in the world is making money out of Abba's name. And what do we get?' 'Do you think it's going to be that easy, fighting these people? It will take years. As the saying goes, it will be like putting one's hand into a snake's pit. But, we shall see.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316485", "title": "Lone Tamil film in IFFI Panorama, industry sore", "text": "CHENNAI: For Tamil film director A Sarkunam, the 43rd International Film Festival of India (IFFI) being held in Goa between November 20 and 30 is a special one. His 'Vaagai Sooda Vaa', a film about brick kiln workers set in a remote village, is the only Tamil feature film selected for the Indian Panorama section of the festival. The director has every reason to smile. But what irks others in the film industry here is that Tamil cinema registers a very minor presence at the festival year after year.At a time when mainstream Tamil films are exploring various genres, the Panorama section \u00e2\u20ac\u201d meant to showcase the diversity of regional films \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has bypassed most of the innovative work being done in Chennai, said Tamil film director Amshan Kumar. Compare this with Malayalam cinema, which is represented by five films at the fest, and you can sense the reason for the heartburn. \"The jury which selects films to the Indian Panorama follows a different criterion. They prefer only 'art' films, not mainstream films. Most of the good Tamil films are set in our rural belt. They are vibrant. The jury may not like such mainstream cinema,\" said Amshan Kumar, director of 'Oruththi'.It was in October that the jury, headed by veteran filmmaker Buddhadeb Dasgupta and comprising director Suresh Krissna, writer Venita Coelho among others, selected 18 films out of 144 eligible entries to the Indian Panorama. Malayalam films with five entries and Bengali with three dominate the Panorama. Most other regional industries have managed barely one or two entries. Veterans such as Jahnu Barua (with Baandhon), Rituparno Ghosh (Chitrangada), Girish Kasaravalli (Kurmavatara) share space with other upcoming filmmakers. Marathi film 'Deool' (directed by Vinayak Kulkarni) and 'Byari' (directed by Suvveran), which shared the Best Feature Film Award at the 59th National Film Award 2011, have been included as the 19th and 20th films respectively to the Indian Panorama by direct entry.Even though Tamil movies are screened in many film festivals abroad, finding representation at the IFFI remains a challenge. Director S M Vasanth says everything depends on the jury. \"Selection of movies to the Panorama should not be based on language. It should be based on the pan-Indian theme. What we need is good cinema. There are a number of Tamil movies, which could have been included in Panorama. But here everything depends on the jury and that's the problem,\" says Vasanth.Meanwhile, Sarkunam is getting ready to leave for Goa, where 'Vaagai Sooda Vaa' is set to be screened on November 24 at the IFFI. \"I am happy that it has been picked. Once a movie is selected to the Panorama, it helps us get access to big international festivals. I can also meet directors from other languages,\" said Sarkunam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17317897", "title": "Jeppiar gets advance bail", "text": "MADURAI: Educationist and former AIADMK leader Jeppiar was on Wednesday granted anticipatory bail by the Madurai bench of the Madras high court in the illegal blue metal quarrying case.An inspection was conducted at Jeppiar's quarry situated in Kanyakumari district. The Kottikodu police registered an FIR against Jeppiar under Sections 4(1); 4(1)A, 21(2) of the Mines and Minerals (Regulation and Development) Act, 1957 and Section 3(1) of the Tamil Nadu Public Property (Prevention of Damage and Loss) Act, 1992. Apprehending arrest, Jeppiar moved the Madurai bench seeking anticipatory bail. The petition came up for hearing before Justice C T Selvam on Wednesday. Senior counsel R Krishnamoorthy, who appeared for the petitioner, told the court that the case had been falsely foisted against the petitioner.Besides, penal proceedings have been initiated against the petitioner under the Mines and Minerals Act. The petitioner has been imposed fine Rs 3 crore by the government under this Act.Additional advocate general, K Chellapandian told the court that the petitioner illegally quarried the blue metal from Vellimalai in Kanyakumari district. This was found by the concerned VAO and he filed a report on October 10. Based on that, an FIR was registered. Hence, he should not be granted advance bail.After hearing the arguments from both the sides, the judge granted anticipatory bail to the petitioner with conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17316873", "title": "No-strike clause in bus, taxi permits", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government will issue permits to transport operators or renew their licences only if they submit an undertaking against going on flash strikes, transport minister Madan Mitra said on Wednesday.The first task Mitra assigned himself after being promoted to minister in charge of the department was to end the strong-arm tactics of transport operators, who have been involved in a confrontation with the government since the diesel price hike in September and the \"raw deal\" of just a marginal increase in bus fares.\"To get permits for plying vehicles, transport operators will have to submit this (no-strike) undertaking. Without that, they will not be given permits. The operators often pull out vehicles, causing much inconvenience to commuters. We are not going to tolerate it,\" Mitra said. The rule will be applicable to taxi, auto, bus and contract carriage operators. \"If they face problems, they talk to the government. But going on a strike is not a solution. Issues can be resolved through talks,\" Mitra added.Besides, the department has decided to issue show-cause notices to operators who have got permits but haven't yet rolled out services, seeking a reply within three days.'RTAs to submit weekly reports'Mitra said he had also demanded weekly performance reports from all nine Regional Transport Authority (RTA) offices, with details of number and nature of files cleared and permits, driving licences, vehicle registrations and fitness certificates issued from each office.The transport department has received several complaints from pool car associations about touts operating in RTA offices who were charging at least four times the normal rate. Mitra said he was determined to end corruption transport offices.Asked about the delay in paying salaries to the staff of various transport corporations, Mitra blamed the \"faulty policy of the previous Left Front government\". \"We are trying to streamline it. Even pensioners are suffering from the delay. But there is no reason to panic,\" he assured.Mitra said contract carriage owners and operators had withdrawn their proposed indefinite strike from November 22. The operators will be issued permits to plying in the three districts of South and North 24-Parganas and Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17315870", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation's 'gift' to water operator rises to Rs 6.61crore", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is all set to literally gift private water operator Orange City Water Limited (OCWL) Rs 6.61 crore by spending from its coffers for electrification works at the Kanhan water treatment plant which was built on PPP model. The operation and maintenance of the entire water works is also on the PPP model. Even the proposed amount has gone up increased from the earlier estimation.The NMC's water works department has tabled a proposal before the Standing Committee for approval to spend Rs 6.61 crore for installation of a dedicated feeder from Mahatransco's substation to Kanhan WTP and execution of electrification works at the plant. Besides, the department in the same proposal also sought approval to issue work order to a qualified private agency for executing electrification works at the Kanhan plant. The standing committee will discuss and take decision on the proposal in the meeting convened on November 26.The 2011 proposal to spend Rs 5.59 crore on the works had raised many eyebrows as the Kanhan WTP was constructed on PPP model and its operation and maintenance was given to Veolia Water (India) private Limited for 15 years. The NMC also handed over the entire water works to OCWL from November 2011.The decision to put the water works in private hands was taken by the NMC's general body on January 22, 2008. The NMC then entered into agreement with the OCWL and NESL on June 3, 2011. Still, the NMC is going on to spend Rs 6.61 crore at Kanhan WTP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17319613", "title": "Ineligible beneficiaries put Akhilesh Yadav's Dec visit in limbo", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The much awaited visit of state chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to the city of Sangam in the first week of December this year, ever since he took charge to distribute Kanya Vidya Dhan cheques of Rs 30,000 each, has run into jeopardy given the cropping of unexpectedly high number of ineligible beneficiaries who have laid claim to the amount submitting forged income certificates.However, as part of the face-saving exercise, the district administration and education department are working round-the-clock to come out with the final list of beneficiaries after completing necessary verification.Notably, more than 27,000 applications were received by the education department for Kanya Vidya Dhan which may aptly be summed as the flagship scheme of the state government to woo fairer sex. Among the applicants are the girls who have passed their intermediate examination this year from different boards including UP Board, CBSE, ISC, Urdu and Arabic board. \"But when the department initiated the procedure of verifying the financial credentials of each candidate, it shockingly found that around 3,000 applicants had submitted false income proofs to claim the amount.This is the situation when only 24,000 out of the 27,000 who have applied for the scheme would be the final beneficiaries,\" said a source in the education department.When the issue was raised with the district inspector of schools (DIOS) Mahendra Kumar Singh, he told TOI: \"After complete scrutiny, a total of 1,000 applicants have been found ineligible who have submitted forged income certificates. The selection criteria is simple: applicants have been divided into two categories, one possessing BPL card while the second who have submitted both BPL card and income certificate. In any case the total annual income of parents of the beneficiaries should not exceed Rs 35,000 per annum.\"He added that website of the revenue department which issues income certificates explicitly contains the names and other details of candidates who have been issued income certificates. \"However, the names of candidates who were found ineligible were surprisingly missing in the list which aroused our suspicion after which we conducted a detailed inquiry,\" he added. Singh said that minimum 4,043 girls would be handed over Kanya Vidya Dhan cheques by the state chief minister Akhilesh Yadav anytime in the first week of December this year and the final list of beneficiaries would be announced on Friday. Apart from income, merit would be the other criteria in deciding beneficiaries.As regards taking action against those who submitted false income certificates he said that the whole matter is being examined and necessary action would be taken thereafter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316388", "title": "Netizens face threat to free expression", "text": "CHENNAI: Posting a 'comment' or 'liking' a post on social networking sites can be dangerous. Two girls in Maharashtra were arrested after Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's death \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one for her Facebook post questioning the Mumbai shutdown and the other, her friend, for sharing the post. Last month, Puducherry-based businessman Ravi Srinivasan was arrested for 'tweeting' about the assets of Karti Chidambaram, son of the Union finance minister.This year, the Chennai city cyber crime cell has received nearly 36 complaints pertaining to social networking sites like Facebook and twitter. Many Chennaiites have spoken out against the Information Technology Act, 2000, under which one can be imprisoned for a period up to three years for \"causing annoyance or inconvenience to others using a computer\".The cyberword was abuzz with tweets and posts after the arrest of the two Maharashtra girls. \"In this part of the world, you can be jailed because of a tweet or a Facebook post, said Shawn Ahmed on twitter. On Wednesday, after the hanging of 26/11 convict Ajmal Kasab, one tweet read: \"4 yrs to hang Kasab, less than a day to arrest the girls. Our justice system has become quick #kasab #Facebook.\" Another tweeted that police in Lahore, Pakistan had arrested two girls for \"liking\" the news of Kasab's hanging on Facebook. Raghav on twitter said \"SBI was offering anticipatory bail loans to Facebook, twitter users in the wake of the two girls' arrest\" in Maharashtra.Anivar Aravind, a Bangalore-based internet activist said: \"It's unfair that the government is trying to curtail the freedom of social media in the name of Section 66A of IT Act. It is also restricting harmless interactions and interfering in the freedom of expression with a political motive.\"A Marx, a social activist, recently filed a PIL in the Madras high court seeking to suspend section 66A from IT Act terming it \"unconstitutional\".Social media expert and CEO of Chennai-based social networking firm Business Blogging, Kiruba Shankar, said the clamour for the right to expression was growing on social networking sites, \"but, unfortunately some people are misusing this freedom.\"In 2011, the Chennai cyber cell received nearly 30 complaints related to Facebook. Police officials said they were tracking all cases of social media abuse. Most of the victims, police said, had befriended unknown people on social networking and given out personal information before landing in trouble.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17316918", "title": "Carnival to dish out \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcdream diet\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "In line with the theme of Chandigarh carnival, \"Dreamland\", the girls of Government Home Science College, Sector 10, are all set to give \"dream diet\" tips to the city residents for good health, skin and hair during the carnival.In order to make their presence felt, a girl student would be made to dress like an astrologer and give away diet mantras to the visitors. \"Important tips will be given at the stall by girls who have thorough knowledge of nutrition. The dos and don'ts will be tailor-made for the visitors after calculating their body mass index (BMI) and considering factors like age,\" says Kalyani Singh, a faculty member of the college.Besides the department of nutrition, students from human development and family relations are also putting up stalls. Visitors can get their dream analysis, hand-writing analysis and concentration span checked by the experts at these stalls. \"People can also find out what their dream actually signifies at our stall,\" says Ravneet Chawla, a faculty member at the college.Narinder, another faculty member at the college, would be analyzing personality traits of visitors by studying their handwriting. \"We have come up with interesting games to engage visitors and analyze personality traits, dreams and concentration span,\" he said.\"We have been preparing charts and fun games to entertain people at the carnival. Meeting and interacting with people will give us practical exposure too,\" Manveen Kaur, a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17315168", "title": "Panvel kids were strangled: Post-mortem report", "text": "MUMBAI: The post-mortem report of two children whose bodies were found abandoned near Kasara ghat on the Mumbai-Nashik highway on Tuesday morning confirmed they were strangulated to death.The Thane rural police, investigating the murder case of Janvi Shah (12) and her brother Parag (10), are still searching for their father, Nitin, a prime suspect in the case. The police visited the victims' grandfather's house in Panvel, but did not find Nitin there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17315915", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation to set up scanning machines at octroi posts", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has finalized project to install vehicle scanning machines at octroi posts to check evasion. The project worth over Rs 100 crore is probably the biggest in this fiscal. It would be implemented on BOT basis and machines would be installed at five major octroi posts to scan all vehicles coming into the city.It will come up for approval of the standing committee in its meeting set for November 26. Chairman of committee Dayashankar Tiwari has convened back to back meetings on November 23 and November 26. NMC has been planning to install scanning machines at octroi posts to increase revenue for couple of years. The scanning machines will be installed at octroi posts on Wardha road, Bhandara road, Hingna road, Amravati road and railway station.According to the proposal, SCS Pvt Ltd has bagged the project through a tender process. BOT operator will have to start work in prescribed time period after getting approval of the standing committee. The operator will install machines at its own cost and then operate and maintain for five years. Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane has also approved the project.The proposal, however, is not clear on how the BOT operator will make money. Sources told TOI there were two options. \"One is paying the operator according to the increase in revenue. The other is paying out of ten times penalty to be recovered from the octroi evasion cases. The octroi department slaps penalty equal to ten times the octroi due if evasion is detected. In this case scanning will be done after goods are declared. If any under-declaration is found, octroi department will treat it as evasion case and penalize the transporter/trader,\" the sources said.The Sudama Mitra Yojana aiming for treatment and rehabilitation of patients suffering from mental disorders will also come up for discussion in the meeting. NMC will spend Rs 30.58 lakh on the scheme and a renovated school building situated besides NMC Dhantoli Zone office will be used for the purpose. The other proposal is related to building an indoor sports complex after renovating another school at Hansapuri. NMC will spend Rs 75.04 lakh on the project. NMC has again proposed to appoint consultants for these two projects raising questions about crores being spent on consultancy.The standing committee will also discuss a proposal to construct a bridge on Nag river at Wathoda at the cost of Rs 1.44 crore, a proposal to construct retaining wall at nullah situated behind Patrakar colony at Rs 1.35 crore, and a proposal to procure road-roller at Rs 29 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17319336", "title": "Children charm with story-telling skills", "text": "LUDHIANA: The sub-junior humanities forum organized a Hindi story-telling competition for students of classes I and II in Kundan Vidya Mandir, Civil Lines, on Wednesday. The participants narrated stories like \"Bolti Gufa\", \"Jaisa Sochoge Waisa Paoge\", \"Jhatak Kar Aage Badh Jaayen\" and \"Saaras Kee Shiksha\". The participants impressed the judges with the clarity of their voice, pronunciation and expressions. The judges for the competition were Madhu Vinayak and Pushpa Mittal from the Kindergarten section. Principal Navita Puri encouraged all the participants with her kind words. In the competition for Class I, Kaavish Babbar stood first, Purav Mittal was second and Vrinda Gupta got the third prize. Vidhaan Gupta and Kushagra Jain were given appreciation awards. In Class II, Aditya Mehandru was first, Shivam Gupta and Somya Bhatia were second and Manya Garg and Yashika Gupta came third. Tanya Sharma got the appreciation award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17316502", "title": "2 arrested with 3.9kg charas in Mandi", "text": "MANALI: Two persons, including a woman, were arrested after police recovered 3.9kg charas from their possession at Jhalogi village of Mandi on Tuesday night, police said.According to police, the accused were travelling in a Volvo bus (DL-01-PB-8831) and were on way to Delhi when police stopped the vehicle at a checkpoint Jhalogi. The accused were supposed to take the charas to Delhi and sell it.Mandi superintendent of police Abhishek Dular said the accused have been identified as Puran Chand, resident of Pukhari village and Sita Devi , resident of Plach village of Kullu. \"They have been arrested under Section 20 of NDPS Act and investigation is on to find out the source and potential destination of the consignment,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17317836", "title": "Navy week celebrations from December 4", "text": "KOCHI: The naval base at Kochi is planning to conduct a host of programmes ahead of the annual navy day celebrations on December 4. Programmes will also be held to commemorate the Indian Navy's gallantry in the 1971 Indo-Pak war.A medical camp at St. John De Britto's convent and Waif's Home at Veli will be conducted on November 25 in connection with this.The traditional \"Beating the Retreat\" ceremony, comprising military music and precision drill, will be held on December 4. Manjula Chellur, chief justice of Kerala high court, will be the chief guest at the ceremony.Naval warships, aircrafts and marine commandos will display their skills in the \"Operations Display\" planned along Marine Drive on December 7 and 8. Chief minister Oommen Chandy will be the chief guest at the display on December 8.The naval base will be open to the public from December 13 to16. Visitors can view naval warships, static displays of aircraft and the multi-dimensional skills of the navy on these days.The festivities will come to an end with the popular \" Navy Queen pageant\" on December 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17316025", "title": "Lobbying on for next state BJP chief", "text": "JAIPUR: With the term of the present state BJP president coming to an end next month, speculations over his successor are ripe with several factions in the state unit lobbying for their candidates.The front runner to replace Arun Chaturvedi is senior BJP legislator Gulab Chand Kataria , who reportedly has the backing of both the party and the RSS. However, the fight is not easy as former chief minister Vasundhara Raje herself is eyeing for the post.Supporters of Kataria and Raje, who are believed to be arch rivals, are said to be rooting for their respective leaders strongly. Sources in the party and those close to Raje admit that the former chief minister is keen to lead the party in the next elections and has stubbornly demanded that she be made the president.For the first time since the last assembly polls, Raje this Diwali visited the RSS state headquarters, a move which is seen as the one made to win the Sangh members' confidence. However, reports suggest that the party central leadership is not too eager to let Raje call the shots entirely in the state and during the next assembly elections.On the other hand, Kataria - whose stature in the party has grown bigger since May last year when he cancelled his yatra in the tribal belt following a tussle with Raje - is believed to be the strongest candidate. However, there are many in the party who are a little worried about the caste equations not being met if Kataria takes over. \"Though it is a minor issue for now as Kataria is a public figure and a senior respected leader in the organisation, who also has the RSS support, he is a Jain and for other organisational posts, the party will have to make decisions accordingly to pacify the larger communities in the state,'' said a senior office-bearer.Apart from these two, the name of Rajya Sabha member Bhupendra Yadav, is also doing rounds. There is a section of the party which believes that Raje in order to ensure that Kataria is not handed over the responsibility, would agree to Yadav's name, which is unlikely to be objected by the RSS and supported by other senior leaders. The names of Dr Digambar Singh and Subhash Meheriam who are believed to be from the Raje camp, are making rounds as Raje's representatives though their chances of making it are slim. Another faction of the party and supporters of Chaturvedi are trying hard to convince his critics to back him for a second term. \"A lot depends on what happens at the national level and who will come as the national president in December. However, campaigning for the post here has already begun,'' a senior leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316503", "title": "'India obsessed with lower castes\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHENNAI: There is an obsession with so-called lower castes while resolving caste issues, which has given them a \"hyper visibility\", whereas the so-called upper castes are relatively \"invisible\", observed eminent sociologist Satish Deshpande.Delivering the annual Malcolm Adiseshiah Memorial Lecture here on Wednesday, Deshpande cited an internet joke which became popular when reservations were introduced for the Other Backward Classes (OBCs) six years ago. It reads: \"India decides to send a space exploration team to the moon. Feverish negotiations begin immediately on the composition of the team, and after much haggling it is decided to include nine OBCs, six SCs, three STs, and if there is any place left, two astronauts.\"Prof Deshpande said the import of the joke was that the caste of the astronauts was known without being told but it was irrelevant in the face of their qualifications, while simultaneously agreeing that though the \"quota-wallahs\" too would presumably have qualifications, these are irrelevant in the face of their caste. The lower caste identity is engraved as their only means of improving their situation in life to the extent that it overwrites all their other identities, he explained.Deshpande received an award for distinguished contributions to development studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17317750", "title": "CBSE initiative to boost out-of-the-box thinking", "text": "KOCHI: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) is going beyond academics and helping students develop the ability to process, interpret and use information for every day application. They have introduced 'problem solving assessment' from this academic year in an apparent bid to help students use knowledge gained from books and classroom in real-life situations.Problem solving questions will be asked to students of standards IX and XI to improve their \"generic and higher thinking skills\". Sample these: Q 1 - You board a train at a station. You find a suitcase below the seat. What would do you do? Q 2 - You are a guest at a dinner party. You have overeaten and the host forces you to eat more. What should you do?These appear to be simple questions, but the intention here is different.The queries teach students to incorporate 21st century skills such as creative thinking, decision making, critical thinking, problem solving and communication skills that would help them become successful later in life.\"There is no specific syllabus for 'problem solving assessment'. It will assess the life skills relating to following areas \u00e2\u20ac\u201d quantitative reasoning, qualitative reasoning and language conventions,\" the CBSE circular to school principals states.\"The life skills shall be assessed in the following domains: quantitative, which includes reasoning found in humanities, arts and social sciences; qualitative, which includes reasoning found in mathematics and science; and language conventions, which includes different aspects of written communication,\" the circular stated.CBSE has decided to give 10% weightage for 'problem solving assessment' and the score will be reflected in one language (English or Hindi), mathematics, science and social science.There will be no separate time tables or periods for teaching or practice the subject in schools.The schools principals have welcomed this. \"The students will definitely benefit from this and it is not entirely based on the syllabus,\" said Sukumari Menon, principal, Bhavan's Adarsha Vidyalaya, Kakkanad.Added Maya Mohan, principal, Chinmaya Vidyalaya, Vaduthala, \"This will enable students to think differently when faced with basic problems in life. Their decisions would be backed by their intuition and the knowledge of the situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17314741", "title": "MLA moots landfill on Roerich estate", "text": "BANGALORE: The city's spiralling garbage crisis now threatens the landmark Tataguni estate. Having failed to get villages or big landholders to agree to set up landfills, lawmakers from the city are eyeing the sprawling 450-acre estate as an easy solution to the issue.The estate was once owned by yesteryear movie star Devika Rani and her artist-husband, Russian Svetoslav Roerich, on the outskirts of the city.The state government and BBMP, however, are not enthused by the idea, while the artists' community has expressed its outrage.M Srinivas, former MP and BJP MLA from Rajarajeshwari, is lobbying to dump the city's garbage at the Tataguni estate, which has been acquired by the government of Karnataka. \"It's closer to the city and the huge campus belongs to the government. Why can't just 50 acres of land of the estate be used for waste processing?\" argues Srinivas.The fourth-time MLA is clearly clueless about the heritage value of the estate and the art museum that is to come up there.Asked whether cultural heritage like the Roerich estate should become a dumpyard, Srinivas reasons: \"Show me a place where there is no opposition to a dumpyard. If you bring in a rule that food must be consumed only after worshipping, we probably can never eat. The estate belongs to the government now. Not just the Roerich estate, I would also suggest that a portion of land belonging to the erstwhile Coimbatore rulers and situated adjacent to the Roerich estate also be used for garbage disposal.\"The legislator is confident that his suggestion will receive a favourable response from the authorities.\"The mayor will consider my suggestion. I'm meeting the chief minister on November 24 and will explain the issue to him in detail. I'll make my point heard,\" Srinivas told TOI.When contacted, BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel said the idea is not feasible.Deputy chief minister R Ashoka , too, said the estate will not be used for garbage dumping. \"We have ample space available elsewhere. Roerich made Bangalore famous with his art. We will not disturb the estate for anything else. I wouldn't like to comment on the person who suggested this,\" he said.TIMES VIEWDeputy mayor L Srinivas' suggestion to turn part of the Roerichs' Tataguni estate into a garbage dump is preposterous. The estate, the abode of the world-renowned couple, cannot be trifled with in this manner, even if it has been taken over by the Karnataka government. Any unused piece of land cannot be utilized to dump garbage. This is the point politicians like Srinivas miss. Instead of coveting a piece of Bangalore's heritage, the BBMP should explore sensible solutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17316514", "title": "Kolkata boy brings alive terror attack on stage", "text": "KOLKATA: Ajmal Kasab's hanging may have been hailed across the country as justice done, but for those who lost their dear ones in the 26/11 attack, it will merely serve as a reminder of the fact that terror and death could be lurking around the corner. This forms the theme of the docu-drama based on the Mumbai terror attack.The two-and-a-half hour play, directed by Sangram Guha and staged by his group Spandan, doesn't have Kasab as a character though. Instead, it focuses on two young victims - a lady television reporter who covered 26/11 without batting her eyelids for 56 hours at a stretch and a Pakistani pianist who was playing on the Taj rooftop on that fateful evening.While the lady never recovered from her assignment, suffering a neurotic attack leading to paralysis, the pianist was never seen again. Titled \"Fingerprint 26/11\", it is perhaps the only drama which the ministry of home affairs allowed on the worst-ever terror attack in India. Though it has been staged 31 times around the country, but not once in Mumbai.When Guha and his group got down to research on 26/11 for the play, they were unsure what it will lead to. \"With a few references, I met senior Mumbai Police officials. I was unsure for neither had they seen me, nor seen our work. But I worked with them for several months and can only praise them for their support,\" he said.It was during one such interaction that Guha got the reference of a now-closed year-old investigation into a missing Pakistani pianist Abu Noor. \"Initially, like all investigations, he too was under scanner for he went missing mysteriously. But though the probe couldn't trace him, it did indicate he had nothing to do with the crime,\" the director said.He took up the research from where the cops had given up. It led Guha to former chairperson of Pakistani Atomic Energy Commission, Dr Pervez Hoodbhoy. \"The nuclear scientist knew Noor. He informed us Noor was a western pianist and refused to toe a Talibani diktat. They attacked him and killed his wife and daughter,\" Guha said, adding that Dr Hoodbhoy was kind enough to share with them some unfinished notes by the musician.\"We wanted to make this the central theme of our play, but we were unable to compose them,\" he said.It was then that Guha chose to take a risk. \"I mailed it to the people I felt could only do justice to these musical notations - Yanni and Philip Glass . I was driven to near desperation for I wanted to do justice to it. And to my surprise, both responded. They composed it for us and this forms the pivot of our theatre,\" said the director with a smile.If this was one, the other was what Guha saw on television. He had followed this young girl on TV. \"She appeared to be in complete awe - something which happens if you're doing it for the first time. The strain in her voice, her effort to narrate the unfolding tragedy, affected me. I tried to track her down. However, she is a wreck now,\" he said.It isn't without reason that the movie revolves around her and how she responds only to music. But they still had a long way to go. \"In 2009, the MHA issued a notification that any replication of 26/11 in any art form needs to be approved by a specially formed committee comprising among others, retired Supreme Court judges. We were skeptical, but the committee's backing really gave us strength,\" he said. And thus \"Fingerprint 26/11\" took shape and was first staged in Kolkata on December 18, 2010.While Guha, a Presidency graduate and an IISWBM MBA topper, heads the group, it has an eclectic mix of people from diverse fields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17317029", "title": "Another tanker overturns in Kannur, mishap averted", "text": "KANNUR: Within three months of the LPG tanker mishap at Chala here that took 20 lives, Kannur witnessed yet another LPG tanker accident on the wee hours of Wednesday, when it overturned at Madhukoth near Chakkarkal.A mishap was averted as gas was not leaked, but the incident has brought to light the fact that oil companies are still hesitant to abide by the rules, said the police.\"Following the Chala mishap, we had strictly asked the oil companies to make sure that there are two drivers in the truck, but the tanker involved in Wednesday's accident had only one driver,\" said Kannur DSP P Sukumaran.He said in all possibility the accident happened due to the steep curve in the road and also due to the overspeed of the vehicle. Though a case has been registered against the driver of the tanker, Christopher Jeevaraj (40), at Chakkarakkal police station, he could not be questioned as he has been admitted to the Kozhikode Medical College Hospital with serious injuries on his legs. He would be questioned later. The police would also enquire whether the driver had fallen asleep while driving.Police also said the residents were so panicked that they fled from the spot immediately after the incident and they came back hours later after it was ensured that there was no gas leak. Vehicular traffic was restored after the tanker was lifted around 9am with the help of Khalasis from Valappattanam.According to local residents though the place is notorious for accidents because of the steep 'S' curve there, authorities have not taken any steps to straighten the curve or widen the road.\"The only way to solve the issue is to transport tankers via rail. Use road for the transportation of tankers in places where there is no rail connectivity,\" said A P Abdullakkutty, MLA, who visited the place.\"Though the issue was discussed in a meeting called by the chief minister, the railways apparently objected to it as there is no facility to unload the trucks which need separate platforms,\" he said. \"The state government should take initiative to build new platforms in these stations, considering the seriousness of the issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17316946", "title": "Police team in Panvel to probe kids' death", "text": "NASHIK: A team of police personnel from Kasara left for Panvel to investigate the mysterious deaths of two children, who were found dead along the Mumbai-Agra national highway on Tuesday morning.Deputy superintendent of police of Shahapur, Prasant Wagunde said that the bodies had been identified. The girl is identified as Janavhi Nitin Shah (9), while the boy is identified as Parag Nitin Shah (8). The police traced the relatives of the deceased to Panvel, who later identified the bodies.The father of the kids has been missing and the police are on his track for further investigations as the needle of suspicion points towards him.On Tuesday at around 8.30 am, the Kasara police received information that two bodies were found lying along the Mumbai-Agra highway near Latifwadi where the road descends the hill through Kasara Ghat towards Mumbai. The police rushed to the incident spot and recovered the bodies.Assistant Police Inspector Vilash Shende of the Kasara Police Station informed that there were no injury marks of any weapon on the bodies and from the ligature marks on their necks they deduced that the children were strangulated.Shende added, \"We found an ATM card in the pocket of the girl's dress along with her photo and we also recovered another slip of some bank transaction in the pocket of the boy's dress, through which we traced their relatives and contacted them. From the condition of the bodies, it appeared that the kids were killed a few hours before their bodies were discovered.\"After rushing the bodies to the primary health centre at Kasara, they were subsequently sent to JJ Hospital for forensic investigation and post mortem.Meanwhile, DSP Wagunde informed that a team was sent to Panvel to find out with whom the children left their home and how did they arrive in Kasara. Wagunde said the father works in a garment shop in Panvel and ruled out the possibility of the children being kidnapped for ransom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320140", "title": "Prabhu Deva's tribute to MJ", "text": "Prabhudheva and Remo D'Souza, who are die-hard Michael Jackson fans, will pay tribute to the late pop legend in the upcoming film AnyBody Can Dance (ABCD). The film is being produced by UTV Motion Pictures and directed by Remo.\"Yes, it is true that we have thought about this. We want to execute it when we shoot our next song where Prabhu features with me,\" Remo, who will also feature in the song with Prabhudheva, said in a statement.Prabhu will also be seen grooving with dancing diva Madhuri Dixit on a song in the film. It will be shot at multiple locations in Mumbai including Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus and Dharavi.ABCD , India's first dance film in 3D, will also have choreographer Ganesh Acharya in the cast. Lauren Gottlieb, winner of the popular international television talent show So You Think You Can Dance, has been roped in as the female lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316458", "title": "Government to launch water conservation drive", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an attempt to address the acute problem of depleting ground water levels in the state, government departments have now launched a flurry of initiatives to educate denizens on ways of water conservation. One such event -- a painting competition, targeted especially at schoolchildren -- was held in the city on Wednesday. Organised by the Central Ground Water Board (southern region) under the ministry of water resources, the event, officials said, was the first in a series of similar programmes likely to be undertaken in the near future to address the water crisis.The 50 students from over a dozen schools across Andhra Pradesh, who participated in the event, had been shortlisted from a crowd of more 1,40,000 candidates earlier. Winners of Wednesday's event will now compete at the national level for a cash prize of Rs one lakh in January next year. \"It is the young who need to be trained to become torchbearers of such causes. They are the future of the country who must be able to set precedence for generations that follow,\" said G Sudarshan, regional director, central ground water board (south), while emphasising on the urgency to address the issue of dropping water levels that have come to haunt not just Hyderabad but most other parts of Andhra Pradesh.In fact, during summer this year, the state ground water department had recorded a severe drop in the water table that had receded below the 9.6 mark. Officials rued how it was for the first time, after the drought years of 2003-2005, that the levels had slumped so drastically.Apart from the ground water department that is set to hold training programmes and workshops on the subject soon, even the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) is working on conducting awareness camps on water conservation. \"The ground water department has been organising such events for the past four years. We too conduct various quiz, essay, painting and other contests being held throughout the year by our National Green Corps wing. This is an important issue that needs to be highlighted,\" said B S S Prasad, special secretary, MoEF, government of AP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17316059", "title": "Margao Municipal Council-consultant to discuss Sonsoddo capping", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao Municipal Council (MMC) will hold deliberations with its Chennai-based consultant K R Gopalkrishnan on November 23 over the proposed exercise of scientific capping of the Sonsoddo garbage dump.Gopalkrishnan has already submitted his report over the proposed exercise. At the meeting, MMC is expected to seek clarifications and explanations over certain processes and designs mentioned in the report.MMC chief officer Srinet Kothwale told TOI that the issue of addendum to the concession agreement to be signed by the MMC with the concessionaire of the garbage treatment plant will also be discussed at the Friday meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17315234", "title": "More time for panel to probe Ashok Khemka's orders", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana government on Wednesday gave a month's extension to the committee set up to probe the orders of whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka, who had cancelled the mutation of the land deal between AICC chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra and DLF .The state government on October 19 had asked the high-level committee, headed by additional chief secretary (revenue) Krishna Mohan, to complete the probe within one month. The committee was expected to submit its report by November 18 but the committee sought an extension of one month to examine more records related to the land deals of Vadra in four districts of Gurgaon, Faridabad, Palwal and Mewat.On October 15, then director general of land consolidation Ashok Khemka had set aside the mutation of Vadra-DLF deal on the ground that the assistant consolidation officer, who had sanctioned the change of title, was not competent to do so. Three days before that, Khemka had asked the deputy commissioners of Gurgaon, Faridabad, Palwal and Mewat to inspect all documents related to land deals by Vadra and his companies. The committee has been formed to conduct an inquiry into the issues raised by Khemka in both the orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17315789", "title": "Get a taste of kathak &amp; jazz music fusion to mark 25 years of Nad-Roop", "text": "PUNE: Noted kathak exponent Shama Bhate and her troupe will present a unique confluence of Kathak and jazz music on November 23 and 25 in the city to commemorate 25 years of Bhate's dance institute -- Nad-Roop.Bhate has collaborated with an Austrian jazz band, 'Unlimited Fields', to present the act - 'Peed parayee Jane re' - on the life of Mahatma Gandhi's wife Kasturba Gandhi.Addressing a news conference here on Monday, Bhate said the act was an outcome of her decade-long association with the Austrian musician Manfred Weinberger. The idea was conceived almost a year ago and after many discussions, the music was composed by Narendra Bhide and the Austrian band with Bhate's troupe working on the project. It took them six months to choreograph the one-hour act, which presents a confluence with jazz music.Bhate said, \"Kasturba was an extraordinary woman who had great courage and wisdom, which we will unfold through kathak as well as the sound of jazz by the Austrian band.\"The performance is a collaboration between music, space and time. Bhate said, \"After Gandhiji left for South Africa , his life became global and that transition is interpreted in three elements.\" About 16 musicians and 10 dancers from Bhate's troupe will be presenting the show.Weinberger, who was also present for the news conference, said, \"I've attended the Sawai Gandharva music festival thrice and know Indian classical music. It was a perfect opportunity to collaborate in this unique fashion and we just grabbed it.\"The jazz band has combined highly-complex rhythmic structures of Indian music with the harmonic and tonal sensibilities of western European music. For most the band members, this will be their first experience of Indian culture. \"Such a collaboration will definitely change our understanding of music and dance, which is an universal expression of art,\" said Weinberger.The group will perform two shows at Balgandharva Rangmandir on November 23 at 9.30pm and Amanora Park town on November 25, at 6.30pm. The programme is free for all.eom/swati/md", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17316348", "title": "Ladies who were first", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Here are some of the city's norm-bending achievers who were forgotten by grand histories. But they continue to touch many lives even today. These are the women who had broken new ground, fought gender biases, and battled social prejudices. Recently, city-based historian Rizwan Kadri profiled several people of the Walled City who were the trailblazers in their fields. Here are the ladies who were always first.Noor Jehan: Gujarat's first woman governorShe may have been known as the powerful wife of Mughal emperor Jehangir, but few remember that she was the first woman governor of Gujarat and ruled from Ahmedabad. To commemorate her appointment as the governor, Jehangir minted two coins with her motif. She was appointed as governor around 1037 of the Hegira, which is the period around the mid-1600s. The two coins were minted at the Tankshal ni Pol in the Walled City. Rizwan Kadri says that Noor Jehan played an important role in the Mughal administration during Jehangir's rule and was responsible for important political alliances. The coins were discovered by a British officer, Col H G Briggs, back in 1846 when he opened a godown at the Tankshal or royal mint and discovered dyes made for using these coins.Moti Kapadia: First woman doctorThis doctor created a storm back in 1889 when she treated members of the dalit community and trained hundreds of midwives in major districts of Gujarat. And she, Moti Kapadia, was the first woman doctor of the city. She was 22 when she returned to the city with an LM&S; degree from Bombay and later specialized as a gynecologist. She introduced safe surgical practices for the delivery of children. At a young age she was employed at the Ranchodlal Chchotalal Victoria Jubilee hospital. Today just a hall is named after her in Panchkuan area in the Walled City.Vidya and Sharda: The first graduate sistersThese sisters were firebrand reformists during their time. Sharda and Vidya were the first women graduates around 1901. They both were married to leading social reformists and were way ahead of their times. Vidya was married to Raman Neelkant, who was the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation president, and an academician. Sharda was married to reformist Sumant Mehta. Vidya has another feather in her cap. She was the first woman councilor of the Ahmedabad municipality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi/panjim", "code": "17315580", "title": "Congress says no design in timing of Ajmal Kasab's hanging", "text": "NEW DELHI/PANJIM: Ajmal Kasab's hanging appeared perfectly-timed to neutralize multiple challenges facing Congress -- looming Gujarat polls under Hindutva mascot Narendra Modi, Parliament session starting on Thursday and the fourth anniversary of Mumbai attacks five days away.But the ruling party and the government strongly contested such motives, arguing any date to execute the hated hitman would have led to similar conclusions. Officials said the hanging was decided in October itself when Parliament dates were not finalized.I&B; minister Manish Tewari said, \"To look at the timing of the hanging is not right. The message being sent is that if India and its citizens are attacked, appropriate action will be taken.\" Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the IFFI function, he added, \"Law has taken its course.\"AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi contested charges of delay, saying, \"If Kasab was killed the same day of attacks, nobody would have objected. But it is our rule of law that even terrorists get equal opportunity at every level of justice.\"But Congressmen are not denying the spinoffs, now that the hanging has defused an intermittently erupting problem turned by BJP into a symptom of \"weak Centre\". It is felt that the execution will create a positive buzz about the Delhi regime that has embarked on rectifying the negatives plaguing it for a big part of UPA-2. A minister said after economic reforms like FDI and belt-tightening to shore up markets, Kasab's end marks another step in the right direction.The search for feel-good is only expected when countdown to 2014 elections has been sounded and Congress appears precariously placed in view of a string of charges of corruption and drift in governance. \"All the recent steps show we are not a government of wimps as people were told. Now, we have to consolidate in this direction,\" a senior leader said.Leaders feel the execution is unlikely to impact the Gujarat outcome but would take out a readymade provocation for BJP. It was evident in the way the saffron camp raised the ante by demanding that mercy petition of Afzal Guru in the decade-old Parliament attack case be clinched. The issue found resonance with AICC general secretary Digvijaya Singh.However, partymen said BJP's campaign on Guru would not have resonance with people. \"Kasab was Kasab and now claims that Congress is a weak government because Guru's mercy petition is pending is difficult to wash with people,\" a senior leader said.Guru's hanging is more complicated than of a Pakistani terrorist, given that Congress leaders from Kashmir as well as ally National Conference are opposed to it out of fear that it would trigger unrest as happened after the execution of Maqbool Bhat in 1984. AICC spokesman Alvi said. \"We may wish that Guru be hanged, which we do, but we cannot interfere with legal process and we should not.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316494", "title": "Traffic cops ask corporation to create more parking space", "text": "CHENNAI: In a move to prevent illegal parking, the traffic police have suggested that Chennai Corporation identify parking space in important places. Traffic police suggested that the civic body set up 361 new parking lots in 11 zones.Sources in the corporation said they are planning to conduct feasibility surveys in the areas where the parking lots are proposed. Royapuram will get 78 more parking lots, Anna Nagar, 72, Kodambakkam, 47, Teynampet, 44, and Adyar, 43. Thiru-Vi-Ka Nagar, Tondiarpet, Ambattur, Alandur, Valsaravakkam and Perungudi will also get parking spaces.Tamil Nadu Ex-Servicemen's Corporation (Texco) currently manages 145 parking lots in Royapuram, Teynampet, Anna Nagar, Adyar, Kodambakkam and Tondiarpet.Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said it will be a challenge to find space for the new lots. \"Parking is a serious issue in many areas. Even though we have adequate land in the expanded areas, there is not as much demand for parking there as compared to core city areas,\" he said.A senior traffic police official said, \"Many motorists park haphazardly due to the lack of dedicated space. This can be checked if the civic body provides adequate parking space.\"Raj Cherubal of Chennai City Connect, an organisation working on transportation issues, said, \"The civic body should not allow free parking facilities for motorists. There should be a standard parking fee and traffic police should regulate unauthorized parking.\"Corporation officials said they have been working with the traffic police to ensure smooth flow of traffic during construction of major infrastructure projects such as storm water drains works. \"We hold meetings with the traffic police on the second Friday of every month. Many projects have been delayed because they have not given us permission.\"Traffic police, however, said they cannot allow too much disruption at the same time. \"We are struggling to regulate the traffic flow because of metro rail work. So we are unable to give permission to so many infrastructure projects at same time,\" said a senior traffic police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17318216", "title": "BJP protest against inflation, FDI in retail", "text": "GUWAHATI: Demonstrations were held by BJP in Guwahati and other parts of Assam to protest against spiralling inflation, opening of the multi-brand retail sector to FDI and coal allocation scam on Wednesday. BJP state unit president Sarbananda Sonowal , while addressing party cadres, said the issue of inflation would be taken up by BJP in Parliament during the winter session beginning on Thursday.\"There is massive price rise across the state and the Tarun Gogoi government has failed to take any steps to check the menace,\" he added. FDI in multi-brand retail would deprive thousands of their livelihood, he said and lambasted the UPA government for its role in the coal block allocation issue. \"BJP is the only viable alternative. We assure a clean and progressive administration,\" Sonowal claimed at the demonstration which was attended by party national vice-president and Lok Sabha MP Bijoya Chakravarty among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17317910", "title": "Madras high court extends stay order on NBW against Dhayanidhi", "text": "MADURAI: The stay order on the non-bailable warrant (NBW) against Union chemicals and fertilisers minister M K Alagiri's son Durai Dhayanidhi will continue until further orders of the Madurai bench of the Madras high court. Dhayanidhi and his partner, S Nagarajan, of Olympus Granites Private Ltd have been charged of causing a revenue loss of Rs 44 crore to the state through illegal granite mining in Melur block.On Wednesday, two petitions, filed by Dhayanidhi, came up before Justice C T Selvam. While one petition sought to quash the NBW, issued by the Melur magistrate court on October 15, in the multi-crore illegal granite quarrying issue in Madurai, the other sought advance bail for Dhayanidhi. On the quashing petition, the judge said that the stay order on NBW against Durai Dhayanidhi will continue until further orders of the high court. Besides, the judge posted the anticipatory bail petition to November 27 after hearing arguments from both the sides.Earlier, Dhayanidhi had filed an anticipatory bail petition, which was rejected by the Madurai bench on September 25. As his first anticipatory bail petition was rejected, Dhayanidhi filed a second advance bail petition before the Madurai bench, which was came up on Wednesday for hearing. The counsel for the petitioner told the court that many people including important persons like the director of the company were arrested and released on bail. Statements given by them have been recorded under the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC). The petitioner is a genuine person and he is not going to abscond. Hence, he should be granted advance bail, the counsel contended. The prosecution raised objections to the arguments of the petitioner's side. After hearing arguments from both the sides, the court posted the matter for further hearing to November 27.At the same time, as the stay on NBW against him came to end on Wednesday, the petitioner's side sought the court to quash. However, the court said that the stay on NBW is extended until further orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17317874", "title": "Vadodara girl makes it big in int'l women's tennis", "text": "VADODARA: It was about five years ago that Nikita Deshmukh first played tennis at Bal Bhavan in Vadodara. And, the brief encounter with tennis was enough for her mother Chhaya Deshmukh to recognize talent of this 17-year-old girl. Years of hard work and some sacrifices by her family has now put Nikita, 17, in the coveted international list of Women's Tennis Association (WTA). Nikita's name appeared in the list last month after she participated in Governor's Cup at Lagos in Nigeria.Currently, only two girls from Gujarat, Nikita and Eete Mehta have made it to the list. But, they are yet to get international rankings. If Nikita qualifies in an international tourney to be held in India later this week, she would get international ranking too. \"Nikita has got two points from the international matches and needs one more point to get ranking. She is one of the two girls from Gujarat to have got into international list of WTA in recent times,\" said Chhaya.For Nikita, it is an achievement of sorts to get into international list at such an early age. But the feat didn't come easily to her. Nikita had to leave her hometown Vadodara and shift to Ahmedabad when she was just 12. \"I had to stay alone at Ahmedabad for two years away from my family. It was a tough decision but I wanted to learn tennis professionally and was prepared to make sacrifices,\" Nikita told TOI. Her mother too shifted to Ahmedabad with her brother, who is also a tennis player.Nikita took admission in Nalanda Vidyalaya at Ahmedabad and began coaching under Anish Mehta, a tennis coach at St Xavier's College. \"My coach has been one of the greatest inspirations for me along with my mother. He taught me nuances of the game and trained me hard from day one. Also, he motivated me to dream big and keep working hard to reach the top,\" added Nikita who studies in XI standard in New Samarth School. Her fitness coach John Fernandez, who imparts training for free, ensures that she stays fit physically and mentally.Nikita, who practices tennis four hours daily, has participated in several national tennis tournaments Talent Series, Champion Series, Super Series and National Series. She has also participated in four state ranking tournaments in the past and won all four of them. \"I have represented my school at state level and participated in ITF junior tournaments,\" Nikita said.\"When Nikita came to me she was completely raw. She spent a month coaching under me on trial basis and I immediately realized that she had the potential to make it big in tennis. We made a schedule of her diet, training and fitness apart from studies, which are also very important,\" said Mehta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17315257", "title": "Man trying to kidnap kid held in Colaba", "text": "MUMBAI: A building watchman in Colaba caught a 29-year-old man moving suspiciously with a four-year-old girl. The police are now trying to find out if he was behind the kidnapping and killing of two children from South Mumbai earlier this year.The Colaba police booked Tarun Malik for wrongful confinement and kidnapping and sent the girl for medical tests. Her parents are being traced.Malik was caught by an alert watchman, Mohammed Ansari, who asked Malik to stop but seeing him flee, overpowered him with the help of passersby and took him to the police station. Malik told the police that he had kidnapped the child to make her beg on the roads for him.However, cops are not convinced. \"We may take his fingerprints, blood samples and DNA samples to match against evidence found with the bodies of the victims,\" a cop said. In November 2011, a three-year-old girl, from Cuffe Parade, was found killed near the fire station at Nariman Point. On January 17, 2012, a three-year-old's body was found near Veej Bhavan, Cuffe Parade, with head injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17316589", "title": "Cong MLA files papers sans party mandate", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17316454", "title": "Will encounter cops miss another Mumbai court date?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Will top cops accused in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case finally head for Mumbai on Thursday?A Mumbai court has scheduled production of the accused in this case for November 23. The first date set was November 9. However, after high-drama throughout the day, Sabarmati Central Jail officials cancelled the trip citing administrative reasons. This time, Muharram bandobast might well prove the insurmountable hurdle for the accused, as well as city police.Preparations are underway for the Mumbai trip on Thursday. Jail officials have written to the city police for escort officers to take the 13 accused cops, including three IPS officers, to Mumbai for their hearing at a court there.However, some senior Gujarat police officials suspect that the trip could be cancelled this time too. \"Muharram will be observed on November 24 and most of the city's police force will be engaged in law and order and security arrangements. Their trip is planned to take place on November 22 and the cops who will accompany the accused police officials will not be able to return in time for Muharram bandobast,\" said a senior city police official.Based on a directive of the Supreme Court, the Sohrabuddin case hearing was transferred to a Mumbai court. The court first summoned the accused on November 9. City police had allotted a large team of Chetak commandos and armed policemen for the job. However, late in the evening Sabarmati jail authorities decided to cancel the trip. Jail authorities had claimed that the posse to escort the accused reached the jail very late and the necessary formalities for release of inmates could not be completed in time.Subsequent to this development, eight of the accused who are out on bail, including former minister of state for home, Amit Shah , were present for the hearing on November 9. However, owing to the absence of the remaining accused, the Mumbai court gave a fresh date - November 23.Meanwhile, the prime accused in the case, suspended IPS officer DG Vanzara moved the CBI court appealing that he not be moved from Ahmedabad to Mumbai. Vanzara cited health grounds. The court rejected his petition on Monday.Gujarat police sources said: \"Most of the senior police officials accused, like Vanzara, Rajkumar Pandian, Dinesh M N and Abhay Chudasama pay frequent visits to Civil Hospital in Ahmedabad for medical treatment. These visits have increased since the case was transferred to Mumbai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17315924", "title": "Seat rationing", "text": "With close to 12,000 delegates and a seating capacity of only 1,800 in all the theatres put together, card-holders queued up from as early as 8am to book tickets for their favourite films. Earliest film scheduled - the Portuguese Florbella - witnessed many empty seats, despite the Goa connection, as delegates would not give up their turn to book a coveted seat for film screenings, being allowed to book tickets for two consecutive days at a time.Parking Woes: Parking space was as precious as a seat for a film screening at Iffi 2012. Early birds who were the first to arrive at the festival venue utilized all parking space available but the late comers would not be deterred and made sure they covered every inch of the space for double parking. The double parking made sure the early birds would be rewarded for their enthusiasm with some more time at the festival with no space spared to maneuver a two-wheeler outside the venue.Young &amp; Neglected: While the senior jury members walked the red carpet to take their reserved seats for the screenings, the young jury, picked to provide a fresh perspective on the Indian Panorama section, was denied any privileged entry. The handpicked ten youngsters spent anxious moments before they made it for the screenings in time as they queued up with enthusiastic Iffi delegates.Taste of Goa: The stall opposite Inox serving authentic Goan cuisine to delegates found a fan following of its own as the first day of Iffi progressed. Parboiled rice cones stuffed with mixed bhajji, spiced bean curry, rice dosas, rawa laddoos and other delicacies, all served in plantain leaves, saw even foreign delegates line up to get a taste of Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "17318262", "title": "1 jawan killed, 6 hurt in Dima Hasao ambush", "text": "SILCHAR: One army jawan was killed and six were injured on Wednesday noon in central Assam's Dima Hasao district when the troops were ambushed by suspected Naga militants.The incident took place at Impui Basti village near Asalu under Mahur police station, 31km east of Haflong, headquarters of the hill district, at 12.30pm, said a senior police officer.According to sources, a contingent of army jawans belonging to 9 Madras Regiment moved to the village and launched a combing operation acting on a tip-off about concentration of suspected National Socialist Council of Nagalim (Isak-Muivah) (NSCN-IM) militants there.The ultras triggered IEDs targeting army vehicles but the troops escaped unscathed from the blasts. Later, the suspected NSCN(IM) militants fired at the jawans when the latter were climbing a hill to reach the hideout of the rebels. Initially, seven jawans were injured by the militants' bullets. One of them succumbed to his injuries later.The jawans also fired back at the militants, but there were no reports of any casualty or injury in the rebels' camp, the sources added. Later, the ultras fled to the deep jungles of the Baral Hill range.The three injured jawans were evacuated from the spot and air-lifted to an army hospital in Imphal in neighbouring Manipur by helicopter, the sources added. Another three who sustained minor injuries were taken to Haflong civil hospital.The army has started an intensive operation in the area to flush out the militants.This is the first ambush targeting the army in Dima Hasao district after major militant outfits, including the DHD(J), surrendered a couple of years ago.NSCN(IM) rebels have been extorting money in the name of tax collection in Dima Hasao for the past many years, which is in violation of the ceasefire agreement with the Centre, according to the official.Informed sources expressed their concern over the attack as a memorandum of settlement (MoS) with both factions of the Dima Halam Daogah (DHD) was signed on October 8 this year in New Delhi by the Centre, the Assam government and representatives of the DHD(N) and the DHD(J). As part of the empowerment process under the MoS, the existing North Cachar Hills Autonomous Council (NCHAC) will be renamed as Dima Hasao Autonomous Territorial Council (DHATC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17314543", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcRape\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 by cops: Probe hits wall as girl fails to identify accused", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigation into the alleged gangrape of a girl from West Bengal inside the JPN police outpost has hit a wall, police said, after the girl failed to recognize any one of the accused officers during a test identification parade(TIP).The girl had earlier told CWC that she was 'raped' by five cops inside the police outpost, which is under the IP police station. However, not even once did she mention 'rape' while recording her statement in front of a magistrate twice.According to KPS Tyagi, DCP (crime), one Naveen Saxena spotted the girl at 11pm on June 27 in front of the outpost. He informed the police, who then took her for a medical test and kept her with an NGO for the night. The girl, who claimed that she was a resident of Jalpaiguri in West Bengal, was produced before the CWC the next day, said sources. She was allegedly trafficked to the capital by a man and a woman. According to the girl, she was allegedly employed at the man's place for a night after which she escaped and came near the station and was then sexually assaulted by five police officers. The CWC wrote a letter to the commissioner of police and asked them to register a case of rape and kidnapping.The crime branch began its investigation and conducted the TIP. \"The girl could not identify any officer except one head constable. However, this cop was not posted at the IP Estate at the time of the incident, so therefore no proof could be found against him,'' said an officer. The crime branch has arrested a man, Mohammad, and a woman who allegedly brought the girl to the city. Mohammad could not be charged for rape as the girl had not stated so in her statements, said police. \"We have informed the court that we are still probing the rape and physical assault angle, even as we chargesheeted the duo under kidnapping and the JJ Act,'' the officer added.The girl's medical report confirmed that the girl was raped repeatedly, though there were no fresh injuries. Her age was determined around 14-16 years. \"The girl needed medical attention and we have therefore put her under counselling. An NGO is looking after her and we are trying to trace her family with the help of West Bengal police,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17317258", "title": "Sreesanth wants to bowl on turners", "text": "JAIPUR: If S Sreesanth is to be believed, when skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni called for rank turners for international matches on the Indian soil, he was just echoing the feelings of the team and the BCCI. \"When a captain says something, he is actually conveying the feelings of the team,\" Sreesanth said at a function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319219", "title": "Delhi grooves with Bhangra King Daler Mehndi", "text": "The Bhangra-pop sensation Daler Mehndi delivered a show to remember as he performed nonstop for two and a half hours at International Trade Fair on the eve of Delhi Day! The show was an absolute experience for Mehndi's diehard fans as he enthralled everyone with his mesmerizing performance. Hundreds of dancing fans engulfed in the 'Balle Balle' frenzy, donning 'Tunak Tunak' T- shirts turned down the Pragati Maidan amphitheatre into a colossal dance floor.Mehndi opened the show with immensely devotional 'Ek Ong Kar - the Moolmantra' followed by super hit Rajan Ke Raja . His album 'Rajan Ke Raja' which commemorated the primal powers of Shri Guru Gobind Singh Ji has been a massive hit and always in huge demand in his live shows, and Mehndi made sure to bring smile on the faces of his fans by including the single in his act.As Mehndi started belting out his pop hits one after another, his powerful vocals and high-energy dance moves had the audience grooving to his beats. The show also showcased Daler's signature hook steps as he crooned his super hits Bolo Ta Ra Ra, Balle Balle &amp; Har Taraf Tera Jalwa.\"The response I got from the audiences as I sang Bolo Ta Ra Ra during the performance was overwhelming. I actually felt as if it was my first live performance after Bolo Ta Ra Ra became a hit. My energy kept spiraling up with the increasing energy and cheering by the fans\", Mehndi quoted. For his encore, Mehndi closed out the night on a high note with his another spiritual hit 'Namoh Namoh'.The live performance by Daler Mehndi was truly the highlight on the calendar of IITF! Mehndi continues to reign as the King of Bhangra and his performances simply has no competition in the genre of live performances.Source: dalermehndi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17315720", "title": "Kasab execution: Survivors and kin welcome justice", "text": "Tukaram Omble, Girgaum martyr\"A terrorist like him should have been hanged in public, but I know our laws don't permit this,'' said Eknath, younger brother of Tukaram Omble, who helped capture Ajmal Kasab alive. \"I am proud that my brother's efforts have paid off. We have been waiting for this for four long years. My family is happy,'' he added.At Girgaum Chowpatty, unarmed assistant sub-inspector Omble had helped stop the Skoda hijacked by Kasab and Ismail Khan, and held on to Kasab despite the latter spraying him with bullets from his AK-47.Omble's youngest daughter Bharati has joined Mumbai police's traffic wing as a clerk. His eldest daughter Vaishali is studying for her Masters of Education degree in Mumbai University. Both had switched off their phones on Wednesday and their uncle Eknath said any discussion about 26/11 and Tukaram's martyrdom makes them emotional. -Rajshri MehtaVijay Salaskar, Cama lane martyrSmita Salaskar, wife of encounter specialist Vijay Salaskar killed by Ajmal Kasab and Ismail Khan, said Kasab's has given her satisfaction that justice has been done. \"I am happy and delighted that my husband's killer has been executed. But I will feel fully satisfied that my husband's sacrifice has not gone in vain when the masterminds shielded in Pakistan are brought to justice,'' said Smita.Salaskar was among the first casualities of 26/11 along with ATS chief Hemant Karkare and additional commissioner of police Ashok Kamte. Four years on, the family is finally coming to terms with Salaskar's death. \"There is no U-turn for a wife who has lost her husband. But I am happy as I have my daughters with me,'' said Smita, adding daughter Divya now plans to write a book on her father. - Rajshri Mehta &amp; S Ahmed AliVishnu Zende, Railway announcerFor 23 years, Vishnu Zende (43) served Indian Railways as a public announcer, routinely blaring schedules of suburban trains. But 26/11 spiraled him into a public hero of sorts. Showing presence of mind, Zende used the same public announcement system to warn passengers at CST station about terrorists' indiscriminately opening fire and directed crowds to appropriate exits they could use. The announcements saved several lives. On Wednesday, he was a relieved man. \"I was very happy that justice is served. I believe it was a very good decision that he was not given a chance to appeal again but was hanged soon,\" he said.Even four years later, Zende recalls how just a glass barrier separated his cabin from terrorists about 50 metres away. \"You can't imagine the chaos with crowded platforms and the terrorists firing away,\" he said. He believes his efficient response owed much to training he received as an NCC cadet in his youth. \"Much could be achieved because of alertness. Public awareness and training is the key to avert bigger casualties during such incidents,\" he said. - Madhavi RajadhyakshaDevika Rotawan, survivor , prime witnessAt the age of 10, she stood in a witness box and identified terrorist Ajmal Kasab as the man who sprayed bullets on people at CST railway station on November 26, 2008. The spunky Devika Rotawan, now 13, woke up on Wednesday to news of Kasab's hanging. \"At first I couldn't believe it. But it sunk in once people started calling to congratulate me,\" said Devika. She distinctly recalls standing in court and telling the judge that Kasab should get 'faasi' (hanged).The trauma of the violence imprinted on her is palpable. Rotawan was waiting for an outstation train with her father and brother when she was shot in the right leg and watched many others die. \"I have been following terror cases closely. Even Afzal Guru should be hanged,\" she said emphatically. Steeled by the experience, she now wants to join the IPS. The incident has left a shadow on the Rotawan family, much beyond the rod inserted in Devika's right leg. Her father Natwarlal said they are no longer invited to weddings as people fear a retaliatory attack as Devika spoke out as a witness. \"Even people in the Bandra slum where we stay stigmatise us as they fear for their safety,\" he said. - Madhavi RajadhyakshaHemant Karkare, slain ATS chief", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17314520", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBrother shot Ponty Chadha after being kicked to the ground\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Liquor baron Ponty Chadha had pushed and kicked younger brother Hardeep to the ground, prompting the junior sibling to whip out two pistols and pump seven bullets into him, police sources said after recreating the November 17 murder scene with the help of postmortem reports and eyewitness accounts.This contradicts the statement of prime witness Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, who said Hardeep began firing immediately on arriving at the Chhatarpur farmhouse. Namdhari is currently untraceable and his cellphones are switched off, investigators say.Police sources now say Hardeep did not come to the farmhouse with the intention to kill. The shooting was a reaction to Ponty's violent behaviour. After postmortem reports were handed over to the cops on Wednesday, they established the sequence of events with the help of eyewitness accounts.According to the cops' recreation of the double murder, Ponty was waiting in his Land Cruiser for the gate of the Chhatarpur farmhouse to be opened, when Hardeep arrived alone and initiated an argument. Hardeep's PSOs were still some distance away. A top source told TOI that Hardeep was seen yelling and pointing his finger at Ponty who was still inside the car with Namdhari and another person.\"Hardeep was then seen falling to the ground as Ponty deliberately opened the SUV's door on him. Witnesses saw Hardeep getting pushed and kicked away by Ponty, who was still inside the car. After this, Hardeep whipped out two pistols and opened fire,\" the officer said.\"Getting pushed and kicked was the trigger for a heavily armed Hardeep to start shooting,\" a source said.Sources at AIIMS corroborated the account, saying the nature of Ponty's injuries - bullets slanting into the body, a few grazing past and most of the hits in the legs and abdomen area - was possible only when the victim was on a higher plane.After shooting Ponty, the source said, Hardeep began to rush into the farmhouse but was shot in the leg by Ponty's security manager Narender. After that, he was probably shot by Namdhari's PSO, Sachin Tyagi, who had taken position by then even as Namdhari was allegedly hiding near the wheels. Tyagi fired three rounds of which two hit Hardeep and he fell on the ground near the guard's room.Hardeep's PSOs arrived by then and fired a couple of rounds as well, witnesses said. Source said Namdhari's statement that Hardeep had opened fire as soon as he reached the farmhouse, did not fit in with other evidence and autopsy reports.\"It's difficult for Ponty Chadha to have been hit by seven bullets, mostly in his abdomen, if Hardeep fired at him from a distance. Even if he was moving forward while shooting, others would have been hit before Ponty,\" the source said.However, officially the police did not offer comments. \"We are examining the evidence. Recreation of the crime scene and ballistic report of the bullets and weapons are in process of being sent for examination. These will help us ascertain the sequence of events,\" said a senior south Delhi police officer.Talking about Namdhari's whereabouts, investigators said as of now his presence was not required.\"It's true that Namdhari's phones are switched off but we will only go after him once we need to question him,\" he added.Around 21 teams have been formed to work on the case and scores of cops are raiding places in Uttar Pradesh and Uttrakhand to nab the assailants who had arrived in cars and other vehicles to vandalize the farmhouses in Chhatarpur and Bijwasan on Saturday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17315547", "title": "IIT-Delhi gives nod to Sector 18 parking lot plan", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority's Detailed Project Report for the Sector 18 multi-level parking lot has been approved by IIT-Delhi. The Authority claims it will finally initiate tender proceedings now for the much-delayed project.In October, the Authority had sent the DPR for the parking lot and other redevelopment work in the Sector 18 market to IIT-Delhi for approval of the design. The Authority has also appointed Delhi School of Planning and Architecture as its consultant for the redevelopment project and for the eight-storey parking lot, which it has proposed to construct following repeated demands from the traders in the area. The Authority has fixed a budget of Rs 165 crore for the parking lot and another Rs 300 crore for redevelopment work.Once the redevelop plan is implemented, the Authority claims that the busy Sector 18 market area will be transformed to resemble \"European shopping centres,\" with world-class civic facilities, designer lampposts, street furniture, uniform signages and dedicated green belts.As per the DPR details, two storeys of the parking lot will be underground. The top level will also have an open terrace with landscaping and a coffee house. The parking lot will accommodate 3,500 vehicles and be ready within a year from when construction begins. However, in just the past six months, the project has already been delayed twice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17315834", "title": "Nagpur jail has 20 convicts on death row", "text": "NAGPUR: The lone surviving terrorist of the 26/11 attack on Mumbai, Mohammed Ajmal Mohammed Amir Kasab alias Abu Mujahid, was hanged to death on Wednesday. However, many other death row convicts are languishing in jail across the nation, with 20 convicts awarded death sentence by various courts presently in Nagpur central jail.Kasab's hanging has brought closure to the families of 148 people killed in Mumbai on 26/11. Of the 20 on death row at Nagpur, four others too have been convicted for terrorist activities, including Yakub Memon convicted in the 1993 Mumbai bomb blasts.\"There are 20 convicts on death row but we can't disclose their names due to security reasons,\" jail superintendent VV Sekdar told TOI. He said that the last hanging took place in Nagpur jail in 1984, when one Wankhede was hanged.Nagpur jail had witnessed many high-profile criminals and gangsters in the past that included Mumbai underworld don Arun Gawli and dreaded naxalite Murli alias Satya Reddy.Sekdar added that all death row convicts were relocated to either Yerawada or Nagpur jail since other prisons in the state didn't have the facility to hang prisoners. \"These 20 death sentence convicts are in various stages of their appeals. Some of their cases are pending in Supreme Court or Bombay high court,\" he said.Information received under RTI by Abhay Kolarkar mentions that Nagpur jail houses 1,780 inmates, including 78 women. It included 426 under-trials, 490 facing life imprisonment and 20 facing death sentence.In managing so many prisoners, the Nagpur central jail has added many feathers in its cap, including getting the prestigious ISO certification. It has also started a host of educational programmes to benefit inmates, and many hard-core criminals facing lifers and murder charges have completed their education through open universities like Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU) and Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University (YCMOU). Even women inmates, a couple of them facing lifer, have completed their degrees from these universities.Interestingly, Kasab was 309th in the long list of death row convicts and became the 52nd person to be hanged in the country in the post Independence era. Bihar tops the list of death row convicts with as many as 80 persons, followed by Uttar Pradesh with 72. Former President Pratibha Patil had granted clemency to many of convicts by commuting their death penalty into lifers, sources from the central jail added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17317811", "title": "Tragic end to textile bizmen's Diwali vacation", "text": "SURAT: Eight members of a family from the city died in a road accident near Pali of Jataran police station area of Rajasthan late on Monday night. The victims were travelling in a hired vehicle when their MUV crashed into a truck parked on road side. In the incident driver of the vehicle also died while a 12 year old girl in the car survived.In the incident Ashok Rathi, 40, his wife Premlata, 38, two sons - Monty, 14 and Saurabh,12, their relatives Mahendra Bhutda, 32, wife Sapna, 30, two daughters, Rhythm, 9 and Bhakti, 5, died on the spot. Pratiksha, 12, daughter of Ashok's sister, survived in the incident with severe injuries and is being treated in a nearby hospital.Both the families were in an MUV and were returning to Jodhpur from Khatrishamji. They were near Jataran, the driver failed to see the truck parked on the roadside and rammed into it.Rathi and Bhutda families were settled in Surat since 2000 and belong to Jodhpur. They had gone to their native for Diwali vacation. Rathi ran a textile trading business in Radha Krishna Textile Market by name of Ashok Textile while Bhutda had a trading business in the same market with name of Anjali Fashion.They belonged to Maheshwari Samaj, a leading business community from Rajasthan.Rathi family lived in Sunrise Township in Punagam area while Bhutdas lived in nearby Gayatri Palace. Bhutda's wife Sapna was Rathi's niece and both families always went on Diwali vacation trips together.After the accident, the victims were rushed to MDM Hospital in Jodhpur where they were declared dead. All were cremated in Jodhpur on Tuesday.A pall of gloom descended in the city's textile markets. Businessmen and traders paid homage to the families at a condolence meet held in RKT Market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320473", "title": "Babu Antony thrilled to meet Aamir Khan", "text": "A photograph of Mollywood actor Babu Antony sharing the frame with Bollywood superstar Aaamir Khan is doing the rounds on social networking sites.And as Aamir is in his cop uniform in Talaash in the flick, buzz was that Babu too is a part of the much-talked about flick. However, Babu clarifies, I'm not a part of Talaash . But meeting Aamir Khan on the film's sets was a great experience.\"Babu just cannot stop going gaga about B-Town's Mr. Perfectionist. \"He is very humble and dedicated to his work, in spite of being in the top league in Bollywood. He greeted me as soon I was introduced to him by my friend and cinematographer, Mohanan. We chatted about films and I was pleasantly surprised when he said he has seen me on screen a couple of times,\" says an excited Babu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315910", "title": "SC's 'one in a million tag' helped swift rejection of Kasab's clemency plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government did not waste much time in recommending to the President that Ajmal Kasab's clemency plea be rejected as the Supreme Court had said three months ago that if death sentence was to be imposed only in \"one in a million case\", then this was the one which deserved capital punishment.The court, upholding the decision of the trial court which was affirmed by the Bombay High Court, had said that there was no escaping the conclusion that Kasab deserved death penalty alone for the cold blooded killing of scores of innocent persons just because they were Indians.It said even if one took a narrow view of the \"rarest of rare category\" classification for award of capital punishment, this was the case where it should be imposed on the convict as it was the \"very rarest of rare case to come before the Supreme Court since the birth of the Republic (on January 26, 1950)\".\"Now, as long as the death penalty remains on the statute book as punishment for certain offences, including waging war and murder, it logically follows that there must be some cases, howsoever rare or one in a million, that would call for inflicting that penalty. That being the position, we fail to see what case would attract the death penalty, if not the case of the appellant (Kasab),\" said a bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Chandramauli K Prasad, which rejected Kasab's appeal on August 29.The bench's conclusion -- \"to hold back the death penalty in this case would amount to obdurately declaring that this court rejects death as lawful penalty even though it is on the statute book and held valid by constitutional benches of this court\" - sealed Kasab's fate, requiring no substantial discussion on the merits of his clemency plea, official sources told TOI.They said the Supreme Court's finding that the option of life sentence for Kasab was \"foreclosed\" made the task of the government easier for a swift decision rejecting the clemency and carry out the execution.Kasab's trial proceedings before the \"stern and non-nonsense\" trial judge M L Tahiliani will be studied as an example of model trial proceedings as the Supreme Court has ordered these to be part of the National Judicial Academy and state academies training judicial officers.The bench of Justices Alam and Prasad had said, \"In the course of hearing of the appeal, we also came to know the trial judge Shri Tahiliani. From the records of the case, he appears to be a stern, no-nonsense person. But he is a true flag-bearer of rule of law in this country. The manner in which he conducted the trial proceedings and maintained the record is exemplary.\"We seriously recommend that the trial court records of this case be included in the curriculum of the National Judicial Authority and judicial authorities of the different states as a model for criminal trial proceedings.\"On why Kasab should get death penalty, the bench said, \"This is a case of terrorist attack from across the border. It has a magnitude of unprecedented enormity on all scales. The conspiracy behind the attack was as deep and large as it was vicious. The preparation and training for the execution was as thorough as the execution was ruthless.\"In terms of loss of life and property, and more importantly in its traumatizing effect, this case stands alone, or it is at least the very rarest of rare to come before this court since the birth of the Republic. Therefore, it should also attract the rarest of rare punishment.\"Against all this, the only mitigating factor is the appellant's young age, but that is completely offset by the absence of any remorse on his part, and the resultant finding that in his case there is no possibility of any reformation or rehabilitation.\"dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17315296", "title": "Constable gets Rs 5,000 for hang job, up from Rs 100-200 earlier", "text": "MUMBAI: The execution of Ajmal Amir Kasab at Yerawada prison seems to have given hangmen a lot to cheer about. The constable who prepared the noose and pulled the lever in the case of Kasab has been awarded a handy remuneration of Rs 5,000, a substantial raise over the Rs 100-200 currently offered to hangmen for every execution.Home minister R R Patil announced that a proposal has been moved to make necessary changes in the existing norms, which will be applied to future executions. \"From now, we will offer the same amount for every execution being carried out in Maharashtra. The existing norms are nearly 50 years old; initially, only Rs 10 was offered for every execution. It's time the rules are changed,\" he said.Government officials said though there was no dearth of applicants willing to carry out the hanging, in Kasab's case, it was carried out by a constable trained over a period of time to do the job. Several applicants have been vying for the job ever since the government announced in August that it was interested in appointing a police constable as most hangmen had retired.Officials said hangmen are usually police personnel of the rank of constable and below like sipahis, who prepare the noose and put a black cloth on the convict's head. \"Requests for being appointed as hangman in Kasab's case poured in from all parts of the country and from people belong to different communities. Many took it upon themselves to carry out the task due to their love for the country. However, we had to appoint someone in keeping with the prison guidelines,\" said Patil.As the hangmen are not permanent employees, they get little help from the state apart from drawing meagre salaries. \"The hike in remuneration has been pending for a long time,\" a senior IPS officer pointed out.I want to do the job, wrote copA police constable reportedly wrote to Maharashtra home minister R R Patil asking for the job of a hangman in order to \"hang Ajmal Kasab\". In September, Shaikh Anwar Shaik Amir, 44, a head constable at the Bharatiyanagar police station in Nanded district, apparently offered his services as hangman. He told a TV channel he wrote the letter after reading that Maharashtra's home department does not have a hangman. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17315762", "title": "Sudden change in appointment rule leaves passport applicants harried", "text": "LUCKNOW: There is no end to woes of passport applicants seeking online appointments with regional passport office (RPO) Lucknow. This time it is the unannounced change in the online appointment rule that has left the applicants harried.RPO Lucknow has now decided to give online appointments for a five-day slot instead of the previous 15-day slot. This means that an applicant logging on to the RPO website on December 1 will get an appointment between December 1 and 5. Most of the applicants are unaware about this sudden change.The RPO website has been uploaded with a confusing message for past three days. The website states that currently no appointment slots are available for Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) Lucknow and directs applicants to try scheduling an appointment after 4pm from November 30.As if seeking an appointment for submission of passport at the Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) wasn't a tough task already, the unannounced change in the rules for seeking an appointment for submission of passport applications at PSK has further added to the woes of applicants. Most of them believed that no appointments will be allotted till November 30.The website allots appointments as per availability and does not allow an applicant to opt for a date of choice. RPO Lucknow, however, changed the rules recently and started giving appointments for a 15-day slot, leaving the appointment slot till the end of November full. When the applicants logged on to the website they couldn't get any appointment in November.The website is maintained by the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) and RPOs have no role in handling or maintaining it. However, when TOI brought the matter to the notice of MEA officials, they admitted the need to cross-check it with Lucknow RPO about the sudden change in rules. \"Lucknow RPO has not closed the appointment process, it's just that people logging on to the website to get appointment today, tomorrow or day after, will get a date in December only,\" said an MEA official.Though MEA officials said that RPOs can change rules regarding allotment of appointment dates as per the demand, they added that applicants should be informed about such changes. Lucknow RPO allots 500 appointments everyday. There is still a huge demand which remains unmet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17316919", "title": "Special cell in police stations to track missing persons", "text": "NASHIK: Rising number of cases involving missing person cases in the city has jolted the city police into some action. After a recent review meeting at the police commissionerate, it has been decided to create a separate cell at every police station to focus on missing and absconding persons.More than 2,000 people who have been missing have remained untraced since 2007 . Police pegged the figure at 2,013 since 2007. As many as 6,600 people (2,914 men and 3,686 women) went missing since 2007. Nonetheless, the police have managed to trace 4,588 of them- 1,965 men and 2,623 women.Officials said that while the process of tracing missing persons is continuous given that they may be traced later, they also say that most of the times, relatives do not tell the police if their missing family member is found. This, they said, made it the figures of untraced persons seem large.Over the past few months, the city has had some shocks about missing persons . On September 17, 2012, a person lodged a complaint with Ambad police station that his 15-year-old daughter was missing. The girl could not be traced and it was suspected that a police constable was involved. The policeman lodged a complaint of kidnapping at the same police station.The police constable - Guru Gangurde, son of sitting corporator Jyoti Gangurde, and attached to the police head quarters, is missing since then. The girl's father has alleged that the constable has kidnapped his daughter, according to the Ambad Police.On September 11, another 17-year-old girl was reported missing from the Satpur industrial area. When her father approached the Gangapur Police Station to lodge a complaint, he accused his son-in-law of abducting his daughter as she was younger than the wife of the accused. Subsequently, the police laid a trap and picked them up from Trimbakeshwar area.In August, a 32-year-old woman Sunanda Mule went missing and was found dead near Manmad two days later. District Superintendent of Police Pravin Padwal informed that there is a constant interaction between the rural and city police about sharing data of missing people as well as unidentified dead bodies.The vulnerable groupPeople in the age group of 0 to 18 and 19 to 40 are found to be more prone to go missing. From 2007 to August 2012, the number of missing females in the category of 0 to 18 years of age has been 1,394, whereas the number of males in the same age group has been recorded at 943. Further, in the age group of 19 to 40 years, 1,905 women have gone missing as against 1,173 males.In the category of 0 to 18 years, however, 477 girls have not been found at all until date and in the case of women in the age group of 19 to 40 years, 558 are still to be found. With regard to the males, 228 are yet to be traced in the age group of 0 to 18 years and 441 are yet to be found in the age group of 19 to 40 years.Senior police officials however, said that teenagers and young women and men are however, the ones who are reported missing on a larger scale. On an average 40 people go missing every month within the age bracket of 0 to 35 years.Senior police officials inform that in maximum number of cases of missing teenagers, they find that love affair is the common reason. In eight out of every ten cases, the girl or the boy elopes with their boyfriend or girlfriend. In most of the cases, even the parents are aware with whom their son or daughter may have gone away. If the girl happens to be a minor that is below the age of 18 years and the parents of the concerned girls want to prosecute the boy, a case of abduction is lodged.In cases where parents know about the friends of their son or daughter, tracing and bringing them back becomes easier. The problem arises only when the concerned person has not left any clue about his friend or friend circle with his family.In the age group of 18 to 40 years, it is either extra marital affair or trouble from in-laws that force women to leave their husband's house. While among senior citizens, the loss of love and respect from their children or ill health makes them take the step out. This year until August, 45 senior citizens went missing out of which 35 were traced. In 2011 the number of senior citizens who had gone missing was 63 and 47 of them were traced.Special cells at police stations for missing personsRecently, the city police commissionerate has formed special cells at the police stations to focus on missing people in their respective jurisdiction.A team comprising a police sub inspector and four others, are looking at the instances of missing persons. Police Inspector SS Kolhe of the Adgaon police station informed that recently that as per the guidelines by the commissioner and deputy commissioner of police, a team of five personnel at police stations would be focussing on missing and absconding people.Every fortnight, a review meeting will be conducted at the police commissionerate to gauge the progress in cases of missing and absconding persons.Senior officials said that earlier the work on such cases was not as focussed as it will be now after certain officers and personnel have been decided specifically for such cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17315216", "title": "Mumbai RTI activist dies of multiple stab wounds", "text": "MUMBAI: An RTI activist was stabbed to death 27 times on a Kandivli (W) street on Tuesday night by two men. Within 12 hours, the Kandivli police solved the case with the arrest of both the accused from Nashik.The deceased, Kapurchand Gupta, was also an office-bearer of the hawkers' association. Gupta was targeted by the key accused as he was trying to wean away customers from the latter's money-lending business. The incident took place around 10.10pm on MG Road when Gupta and a colleague, Yogesh Gaud (23) were travelling on a motorcycle. A Maruti Zen followed them and eventually rammed into the bike. One of the two occupants of the car stepped out and started stabbing Gupta with a chopper. As Gaud attempted to intervene, the attacker tried to stab him as well. Gaud, who sustained minor injuries, fled the spot. The attacker continued to stab Gupta till he died. The police later took Gupta to Bhagwati Hospital where doctors said he had sustained 27 wounds on his back, head, waist, legs, thighs and private parts.\"Gaud identified the accused as Shivprasad Kesari (37) and Shivkumar Bharadwaj (42). We sent our officers to their homes but the duo had left the city. Kesari and Bharadwaj's initial plan was to drive down to Gujarat but their car broke down. The duo then took a bus to Nashik. Meanwhile, our officers tracked down the duo's cellphone location and reached Nashik. The duo was detained at 10am on Wednesday,\" said ACP Jaywant Hargude.Kesari used to lend money to hawkers. The police said Gupta had been advising hawkers against taking loans from Kesari. This dented Kesari business. Eventually, Kesari decided to bump off Gupta. Following the murder, hawkers blocked the street outside Gupta's Kandivli home on Wednesday and threatened to not carry out his funeral unless arrests were made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315887", "title": "Ajmal Kasab's hanging played minor role in cancellation of Rehman Malik's trip", "text": "NEW DELHI: Although speculation swirled on Wednesday that Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik's proposed visit to India on November 22-23 was cancelled with Ajmal Kasab's impending execution in mind, sources in the government insisted that it was at most a contributory factor.The prime reason for refusing Malik's visit - to operationalize the new Indo-Pak visa regime - was the government's reluctance to host him when Islamabad is yet to take any concrete action in the 26/11 case. The pace of the trial of 26/ 11 masterminds is Pakistan is still very slow and it is yet to act against masterminds like Hafiz Saeed.That Malik's proposed dates would have clashed Parliament's winter session, making it inconvenient for Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde, who is also Leader of the Lok Sabha, to play the host.The desire to avoid awkwardness of carrying out Kasab's death sentence when Malik would be visiting, contributed to the reason\"By the time we received the formal proposal from Malik, we already knew the date of Kasab's hanging. This only contributed to our decision to turn down his visit,\" an MHA official told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17315964", "title": "Indian Panorama section opens with Assamese film", "text": "PANAJI: The feature section of the Indian panorama category at the International film festival of India (Iffi) 2012 opened on Wednesday with the screening of the Assamese feature film Baandhon, directed by Jahnu Barua, who was also felicitated for his efforts in making the film.Baandhon, which means 'Waves of Silence' in Assamese, is directed by Barua. It stars actors Jatin Bora, Jerifa Wahid, Bishnu Kharghoria and Bina Patangia, among others.The producer of the film said the film was an effort to promote Assamese films as well as good cinema.In this edition of Iffi, twenty feature films and nineteen films in the non-feature wil be screened. The non-feature film section opened with the screening of the film 'Celluloid Man', directed by Shivendra Singh Dungarpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17316358", "title": "HC fines Asaram Bapu, dismisses his plea", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat high court on Wednesday fined spiritual guru Asaram Bapu Rs 25,000.The fine was imposed for his petition against Justice D K Trivedi inquiry commission's order, which had asked him to appear and depose on December 1 in connection with the mysterious death of two kids - Dipesh and Abhishek Waghela.While turning down Asaram's plea, Justice Paresh Upadhyay slapped the penalty for filing a frivolous petition and for not disclosing before the court that another such petition was unsuccessfully filed by him earlier this year.\"Filing a petition before the court is not like buying a lottery ticket, where if luck favours, you get fortune,\" Justice Upadhyay dictated in his order.In his petition, Asaram expressed reservations against the inquiry commission's order asking him to remain present in the commission's office for questioning.He contended that with his stature, there could be law and order issues. He had earlier proposed that the commission come to his ashram to question him.Besides, Asaram also submitted that the questions put forth may harm his image and have nothing to do with the scope of the inquiry.He cited the examples of questions put forth before his son, Narayansai, who deposed before the commission on November 11.His counsel also contended that Asaram was not a relevant witness and ought not to be summoned. He claimed that the allegations framed against Asaram are just to tarnish the image of his institutes.After rejecting Asaram's plea seeking exemption from appearance, the high court also pulled up the commission for looking after the convenience of the spiritual leader.The judge dictated in his order, \"It transpired that the commission, with folded hands asked the petitioner to come before it. Majesty of a court of law can be maintained in a more graceful manner.... Commission had to assert law in this regard.\"The court, however, upheld the commission's decision rejecting Asaram's request to come to his ashram to record his statement.The court noticed that there is no provision that allows shifting a government office to a private place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17315666", "title": "Puneites hold rallies, raise slogans against terrorism", "text": "PUNE: People of Pune woke up on Wednesday morning to hear the news that Ajmal Kasab was hanged at the Yerawada central prison in the city. Soon, members of different political parties gathered outside the jail and raised slogans against terrorism and Pakistan . Some took out spontaneous rallies in other parts of the city which stalled traffic at some places. Content with the action, some people said it is time the government acted swiftly in other terrorist attack cases, including the German Bakery blast case of 2010.A small group of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena members distributed sweets outside the Yerawada jail and raised slogans against terrorist attacks. They also demanded that Afzal Guru , who has been convicted for his role in the December 2001 attack on Parliament, be hanged. Ajay Shinde, deputy chief of city MNS said, \"The party is still mourning the demise of Balasaheb Thackeray so it will not officially celebrate the hanging. However, we understand the sentiments of our party workers.\"Dhananjay Jadhav, office-bearer of Akhil Bhartiya Chava Sanghatna, also reached the Yerawada jail with his supporters to participate in a rally which turned into a revelry of sorts. A group of BJP workers gathered at the Na Si Phadke chowk near Neelayam Theatre which halted flow of vehicles for some time.Traffic slowed down in other parts of the city, including Hadapsar and Wanowrie, as people spontaneously gathered on roads to celebrate the news. The traffic police had to intervene as groups of people occupied streets, danced and raised slogans. Local residents and Ganesh mandals in Dhayari burst firecrackers and organized a rally.Kasab's hanging was the talking point all through the day. Mayur Pawar, a law student, said, \"I was following Kasab's case closely for my studies. I feel the government has taken a strong step and it will help reinstate people's faith in law and legislature.\"Others felt that it was a case of justice delayed but not denied. Govind Kamble, an autorickshaw driver, said, \"I think the Union government took the decision a little late. Had Kasab been hanged within the first two years of the November 2008 attack, it would have sent out a strong message to our enemies. I think the decision was taken when people decided to move on.\"Sharadchandra Joshi, a senior citizen and a resident of Shaniwar Peth, said, \"I welcome the Centre's decision. It will be good if similar strength is shown while convicting the conspirators of German Bakery blast. Another aspect we should not forget is the need to take steps to avoid further attacks of this type.\"Most people were surprised at how secretly and swiftly the government acted. IT professional Vikram Dahitule said, \"I was surprised to know that the government kept complete secrecy about Kasab's hanging. I do not think informing people about the decision would have caused any social unrest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316235", "title": "Third ex-wife of Nizam Manolya Onur rejects Rs 4 crore; sets sights on Chiran", "text": "HYDERABAD: Manolya Onur, the third ex-wife of the titular Nizam of Hyderabad is here to stake claim to the historic Chiran Palace which was reportedly bequeathed to her daughter Nilofer and will not settle for anything less, she said on Wednesday.Manolya, a former Miss Turkey along with Nilofer landed in the city last week and said they would take legal steps to gain rights to Nizam Mukarram Jah's property.Prince Mukarram Jah, 79, still remains one of the richest Indians with millions of dollars worth of assets including the Chowmahalla and Falaknuma Palace among others to his name.His first ex-wife Princess Esra Birgin holds power of attorney for all his properties and Manolya Onur is locked in a bitter legal battle to acquire the ancestral property worth more than Rs 2000 crore.On Tuesday, the Nizam's lawyer and other family sources said Nilofer, who recently turned 21, is entitled to a sum of Rs 4 crore from the Nizam's Jewellery Trust and all she has to do is sign a document to secure the amount. \"We will not sign any such document as it will only result in the other children getting the bigger share. Moreover, the money is not our concern; we are here for our rights. All the Nizam's children must be entitled to an equal standard of living,\" Manolya Onur told TOI in Hyderabad. She said Nilofer had a right to her ancestral home, where she spent considerable time with her father.\"Chiran Palace was gifted to Nilofer by her father so that she too will have a comfortable life just like his other children who have received many such houses and other properties. Nilofer has a right to be able to stay in the home her father has given her,\" she added.Voicing her concerns about their belongings inside Chiran, she added that she would try to visit the palace soon in order to ensure that the millions of dollars worth of antiques, furniture and decor, which technically belongs to Nilofer, are still intact. Manolya also revealed that she is in touch with Ruya Mocan, cousin of Esra who is an interior designer in Turkey. Mocan decorated the Falaknuma Palace during its restoration. \"Ruya knows the whole story about exactly how much money was received by the family members and she may be coming to the city soon to help us in the matter,\" she said.Manolya alleged that Esra had asked her to sign on the same documents around four months ago, urging her to release the funds in the jewellery trust for Esra's children as well. She further pointed out that Esra, who has a son and a daughter will end up getting the lion's share as a son is entitled to double the amount than that for a daughter.Nilofer said she has handed over the reins of the legal procedures to her mother and lawyers. With Nilofer attaining majority, she and Manolya are availing legal assistance as the matter seems to be quickly taking a turn for the worse. A new lawyer for Manolya and a separate one for Nilofer, both from the city have reportedly been appointed. \"I don't know the total amount that my daughter is supposed to receive. But we are not going to give up the fight anytime soon. Our lawyers in the city will be scrutinising all the trust documents and we will decide further action accordingly,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319640", "title": "Joanna Lumley locks lips with DiCaprio", "text": "Actress Joanna Lumley, 66, has smooched much younger star Leonardo DiCaprio in a scene for their new film.Lumley and the \"Titanic\" star, 38, locked lips in a park in New York's Brooklyn for Martin Scorsese's \"Wolf of Wall Street \".DiCaprio is playing stockbroker Jordan Belfort, who fleeced investors of $100 million in 1987.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17318241", "title": "'His death gives me peace of mind'", "text": "IMPHAL: The trees and shrubs along the short, narrow lane leading to 26/11 victim Maibam Bimolchandra's residence at Khurai Ningthoubung Leikai in Imphal East stood calm under the soft sun on Wednesday morning. Bimol was among the unlucky 166 who were mowed down by terrorists at the ground floor of the Trident, Mumbai on November 26, 2008.Bimol's mother, Sanahanbi Devi (55), unaware of the death penalty awarded to Ajmal Kasab , was going about her daily chores at the time of his hanging. The Pakistani terrorist involved in the 26/11attack was hanged to death at Yerwada Prison in Pune at 7.30am on Wednesday.When informed about Kasab's death, Sanahanbi said, \"His (Kasab) death gives me peace of mind. All terrorists are enemies of mankind and should be wiped off the earth.\"\"I would've been more satisfied if I could've witnessed the execution of that demon (Kasab). I've been praying for his death since the day all those innocent people, including my son, were killed by the demons,\" an unforgiving Sanahanbi told TOI.Bimol's sister, Sandhyarani Devi said she too was glad to hear that Kasab had been executed. \"But I feel sorry for the innocent family members of Kasab. I hope his death motivates other terrorists to join the mainstream and helps bring peace to the world,\" she said.His father, Maibam Nando, who died of cardiac arrest in January this year, had built a three-storied building in his son's memory and organized a football tournament as well. Significantly, the building, which was inaugurated in 2009, still remains empty. The bereaved family says they built it to provide accommodation to Bimol's friends coming for far-flung places. Bimol had promised that he would build a new house in 2009 and get married in 2010. \"His first promise has been implemented,\" said Sanahanbi, terafully.The 13-room-house was inaugurated on Bimol's first 'phiroi', an annual ritual ceremony and a feast observed after the death of a person. Standing empty on the eastern side of the residential complex, the Rs 25-lakh house was built with funds from various sources - the PM's relief fund, the Oberoi Group and the Maharashtra government's compensation and the family's earnings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17317530", "title": "ELCOT Notebook project drove PC sales in 2012: International Data Corporation", "text": "CHENNAI: In the PC market in India, which otherwise dropped by 5.4% year-onyear, government projects like Tamil Nadu's ELCOT notebook project are propelling the numbers of top players like Lenovo and Acer , latest data from International Data Corporation (IDC), which tracks PC shipments , said.\"Total ELCOT Volume for Phase I was initially estimated to be 9,05,000 units (subject to change),\" said senior analyst at IDC, Kiran Kumar. \"It has been driving PC growth, particularly in CY 2012. By end of September 2012, we expect roughly 70% of the estimated volume to be shipped.\" While Acer has supplied about 2 lakh units for the project, Lenovo has done about 3 lakh. An industry source also said that some of the players contracted to provide these notebooks have failed to deliver.In terms of overall vendor share in the quarter, Lenovo sustained its lead with a 16.9% market share in Q3 2012. HP took the second place with a 15.6% share, closely followed by Acer with a share of 15.5% in Q3 2012 The government projects are likely to be big differentiators in the coming year (2013) too. \"Amongst the special projects like ELCOT, we anticipate Uttar Pradesh Electronics Corporation Limited (UPECL) to quickly follow up on their plan to distribute laptops to students, estimated volume to be around 15 lakh laptops. ELCOT has also geared up for the distribution of laptops as part of its second phase for an estimated volume of about 7.84 lakh laptops. We expect both these projects to be shipped predominantly in CY 2013,\" said Kumar.The IDC report said that consumer demand for notebooks is emerging as the sole bright spot in the India PC market, even as the commercial PC market continues to be bucked down by economic slowdown. The sequential growth for consumer segment was 13.5% while the year-on-year drop was 0.9%. However, chief marketing officer at Acer, S Rajendran said that the consumer segment hasn't played to its potential . \"Overall the volumes this year increased mainly on account of the government projects,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17315252", "title": "Virar cylinder blast: Godown owner among four killed", "text": "MUMBAI: The owner of the godown of a steel shop in Virar (W), where a cylinder explosion took place on Tuesday night, was among the four killed. The other three victims were waiters of an adjoining hotel.Owner of Vardhaman Mahavir Steel, located in Ekvira building opposite the railhead in Virar, Dilip Jain, was reportedly illegally transferring LPG from cylinders for industrial use to domestic ones, when the incident took place on Tuesday around 8.30pm.The three waiters\u00e2\u20ac\u201dManjunath (28), Manju (30) and Govind (30)\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwere serving customers at the time of the blast. Such was the impact of the blast that the three waiters were thrown off. Two customers present in the hotel at the time of the explosion suffered 90% burns. They are being treated at KEM, Parel. Sixteen persons, mostly passersby, were also injured. They are being treated at Sanjeevani Hospital in Virar.Jain used to illegally sell LPG to autorickshaw drivers. He would transfer gas from industrial cylinders to domestic ones. Neighbours had registered their protest and warned Jain of the danger involved. But as drivers lined up outside Jain's shop for the gas, he did not pay heed to the advice. Locals, however, had not registered any complaint against Jain.The Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad arrived at the site and confirmed that the explosion was due to a cylinder blast. The police have booked Jain under sections 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), 337 (endangering life or personal safety of others), 338 (endangering life or personal safety of others), 427 (mischief) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315154", "title": "Literary bonanza for Delhi's kids", "text": "NEW DELHI: Make your own picture storybooks, create a superhero that can save the world, participate in interactive storytelling sessions, converse with national and international authors, and explore artworks by India's best illustrators. The fifth edition of the annual children's literature festival, Bookaroo, which will take place over the weekend, will have over hundred different sessions dedicated to help children explore different facets of reading.\"Children are bogged down with school books, and we want to introduce them to the fun element of books and reading. There was a phase when kids missed out on reading, but the interest in on the rise now,\" says M Venkatesh, one of three organizers.The venue, Sanskriti Kendra at Anand Gram - a seven acre expanse landscaped with over 100 varieties of trees - is divided into separate areas like Kahani Tree, Pavilion, Studio, Workshop, Amphitheatre, The Glade, Crafty Corner, Doodle Wall, The Think Tank, The Courtyard, Gallery, and Bookstore, to facilitate the 106 sessions that 71 national and international speakers will conduct over the weekend. \"Except for the workshop and studio sessions, everything will be outdoors, providing a soothing ambience for visitors. The Kahani Tree, for example, is a banyan tree under which authors will narrate stories,\" says Venkatesh.The events lined up include storytelling sessions; workshops in different areas like writing, illustration, and crafts; and interactive sessions with authors; and are segregated according to target age groups. The festival caters to children between the ages of four and 14, and sessions are specially designed for children of different ages. While those between the ages of four and six can participate in fantasy storytelling and puppetry sessions, older kids can create their own superhero book or design gadgets.Bookaroo has a humble history, stemming out from interactive sessions at children's bookstore Eureka, run by Venkatesh and fellow organizer Swati Roy, but it has come a long way from the first edition in 2008. From 3,000 participants, the number last year went up to 10,000, and this year, says Venkatesh, they expect about 12,000.Bookaroo also includes an outreach programme, Bookaroo in the City, which lasts for about a fortnight and precedes the actual festival. Under this, they organize storytelling, dramatized reading, illustration workshops, and author interactions at schools, including Blind School and care homes. The programme, too, has grown from eight schools in 2008 to 104 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320015", "title": "Pawan Kalyan will decide everything: Harish", "text": "With the speculation about Gabbar Singh sequel gaining impetus, Harish Shankar, the director of Gabbar Singh, finally took to his micro blogging account and spoke about the sequel. Harish said that he and the film's producer Bandla Ganesh never spoke about Gabbar Singh sequel and elucidates that it's Pawan Kalyan who has to decide everything. \"Me and Bandla Ganesh never spoke about GabbarSingh -2 ; Power Star will decide \" Everything \" about GabbarSingh-2; I mean EVERYTHING\" (sic), posted Harish Shankar.The talented director clarifies that he did not fix any title like 'Gabbar Singh in Hyd' as speculated but he has a crazy title for the film. When time permits, Harish plans to reveal the title of the sequel it seems. \"I Dnt fix for \"GabbarSingh in hyd \" title ; I have a Crazy title for the sequel ... Will let you know when time permits\" (sic), adjons Harish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17317852", "title": "3 houses burgled in Vesu during Diwali vacation", "text": "SURAT: Just two days after seven houses were burgled in a single night in Punagam, thieves broke into three houses in Vesu area when the families were out on a Diwali vacation.Cash and valuables worth Rs 46,000 were stolen from one house while nothing was stolen in two others, police said.Ashok Chaudhary, a resident of Ridhhi Row House in Vesu informed police about the theft. Chaudhary told police that door of his house was locked from outside by some unidentified miscreants. When he woke up in morning, he tried to open his main door, but failed. He came out from the back door and released the latch. Chaudhary could not understand why his door was locked from outside. Suspecting theft, he went to Patel's house and saw the doors open. It is believed that the thieves locked Chaudhary's door from outside so that he does not know about their presence.Police investigation so far revealed that Rs 15,000 cash and jewellery worth Rs 31,000 were stolen from the house. Patel works as clerk in Surat Urban Development Authority (SUDA) and had gone to Tirupati.Two other houses of Raju Marvadi and Harshad Rathod in the same colony were also targeted. However, no theft of valuables has not been reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17315530", "title": "Industrial units protest 8% power regulatory fee", "text": "NOIDA: Over 700 industrial units affiliated to the Indian Industries Association (IIA) in Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad will go on a symbolic protest on Thursday against Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) for imposing 'regulatory charges' on power consumption at the rate of 8% of overall bill amounts. The industries will not avail power from UPPCL for running their production as a mark of protest and have demanded roll-back of regulatory charges that have been imposed with retrospective effect from October 1, according to the new tariff structure notified in the state last month.Officials of IIA (Greater Noida) held a meeting on Wednesday wherein it was decided to shut down supply from the power corporation from 12pm to 4pm on Thursday. The Noida and Ghaziabad chapters of IIA have also decided to join the symbolic protest, albeit for varying number of hours. IIA officials said that all their 42 chapters across Uttar Pradesh will join the strike. \"The imposition of additional charges would completely break the backbone of industries as tariffs have already been hiked by over 33%,\" said SP Sharma of IIA (Greater Noida).UPPCL officials said that the 8% 'regulatory charge' has been imposed not only on industries but also upon all other categories of consumers, including domestic and commercial connections. The charges have been imposed only after the recommendation and approval of Uttar Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission ( UPERC) through the new tariff structure put in place on October 19.Sources informed that the regulatory commission has banked upon the surcharge hike as a method to increase revenue generation at a time when it has ignored increasing tariffs on per unit costs of electricity for residential categories. According to officials, per unit costs of power in UP-NCR cities are half as compared to the neighbouring city of Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17315908", "title": "'Little' Jyoti gets 'Big' Boss call", "text": "NAGPUR: The world's shortest woman is all set to be the latest participant in the popular TV reality show Big Boss. Nagpur resident Jyoti Amge was called by the producers of Big Boss to Mumbai on Wednesday and informed that she will now be a 'guest' in the house. Speaking to TOI over the phone, Jyoti, said, \"The show producers had contacted me two months ago but no confirmation was given. Suddenly on Tuesday night we got a call from the show's producers saying that I am the newest participant in Big Boss.\"Earlier this year, Jyoti, on her 18th birthday, was declared as the \"World's Shortest Woman\" by Guinness Book Of World Records at Nagpur itself. Before that Jyoti held the title of being the \"World's Shortest Teenager\".A family member travelling with Jyoti said the 'Big Boss' call was highly unexpected. \"We had gone to Tirupati to seek the Lord's blessing and reached Kolhapur on Tuesday night when the call from Big Boss came. All of Jyoti's clothes and necessities have been packed and she is all set to compete in the show. She will enter the show tonight (Wednesday) but it will be telecast on Thursday,\" he said.The family source added that Jyoti underwent a comprehensive briefing session by the show's producers. Jyoti is no stranger to the media, in fact for a longer part of the year she is working with various TV shows. In summer, she heads off to Europe with her family to shoot a TV show, then in India she is a regular feature of some or the other documentary. In September this year, an international TV crew came to Nagpur to film her for a documentary to be aired on Discovery Channel. She is also doing a small role in a Kannada movie and is in talks with more producers.However, Big Boss will be her first mainstream TV appearance in India which is guaranteed to get her the biggest platform yet. \"I am very excited and hope to perform well,\" Jyoti said before entering the Big Boss house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17316776", "title": "Chamber chief raises law and order concern", "text": "KOLKATA: The newly-elected president of Bengal Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Kallol Datta , has expressed concern on the \"rising law and order problems\" in the state.Datta on Wednesday cited the lack of adequate job opportunities as the major reason for the sudden spurt of crime in the city fringes. An alarmed Datta warned that if the state government doesn't react to the situation properly, the problems will keep rising.His comments come at a time when the Mamata Banerjee government is desperate to improve its image as an industry-friendly state. Only a day ago, urban development minister Firhad Hakim was hardselling Bengal in London and the chief minister herself is due to address some of the biggest MNC honchos at the PanIIT meet in Kolkata later this month.Datta's remarks came at an award ceremony by BCC for micro, small and medium scale enterprises (MSME).Commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee, who shared the dais with Datta, evaded Datta's questions and did not give straight replies to his repeated queries.\"Dacoity and burglary have increased and I feel this is happening due to the muted growth in employment generation in West Bengal. As big ticket investments have not been coming to the state for the last few decades the congestion is increasing in the city,\" Datta said.Later, when reporters asked him about the issues raised by Datta, the minister said that these were \"social problems\" and that the government would make sure they don't rise any further. \"He (Datta) has not literally said that these problems are rising. One would see to it so that these social problems are taken care of. People do wrong things when they don't have proper jobs,\" said Chatterjee.Datta also urged the state to publish the data on how much land it possesses under its land bank. \"The government has been talking about it for quite some time but this should be in the public domain which would generate interest among investors,\" he said.Chatterjee readily agreed to this. \"In fact, it is ready and live on our department website,\" he said.Datta suggested that the government give more emphasis to MSMEs because of their large employment potential. \"MSMEs have been the growth engine for Bengal for the last five decades. The state government should focus on this in the new industrial policy,\" the BCC chief added.Datta feels that a growth in MSME will also help reduce rural urban migration which is also a big cause of urban unemployment. \"If rural youths get jobs in nearby areas they will not come to big cities. MSME can do that. In fact in the last 50 years it was the MSME sector that has invested in Bengal not the big industry, except for a few,\" he said.It may be noted that Datta had recently termed the exit of cargo handler HBT from Haldia port as \"unfortunate\" for the state. \"Bengal has seen only mid-size investment so far and they must rope in a big ticket investment,\" he had said.The minister on Wednesday urged the chamber to play a more proactive role in promoting entrepreneurship and \"drive the state in the right direction\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315529", "title": "Tukaram Omble heroics exposed Pak-sponsored terrorism", "text": "NEW DELHI: For all the elaborate efforts to distance itself from the unprecedented terror unleashed in Mumbai in 2008, Pakistan's intelligence apparatus and Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) had not factored in a lowly police officer in Mumbai's Girgaum Chowpatty.Carrying on with their blood bath on November 26, 2008, as Ajmal Kasab and his accomplice Ismail Khan approached Girgaum Chowpatty, assistant sub-inspector (ASI) Tukaram Omble showed incredible heroism and caught the LeT terrorist, securing India's most credible evidence in over two decades of fighting Pakistan-sponsored terror. Omble sacrificed his life, but India got the most unimpeachable evidence churned out by the terror factories of Pakistan , thanks to the active support of the Pakistani army and the ISI, from where brainwashed jehadis were sent across the border to kill innocents.Since the late 80s, when insurgency erupted in Kashmir, Indian security and intelligence agencies have been collecting a plethora of evidence showing how the Pakistani state was actively backing the insurgency. Initially, when men walked across the Line of Control (LoC) to Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK) they were put up in camps, provided arms training and sent back with arms and ammunition. Later, the Pakistani establishment and terror groups started sending terrorists to the rest of India.But all the evidence that Indian agencies collected lacked credibility to convince the international community. Until 9/11, even foreign intelligence agencies were not convinced about the credibility of most Indian claims. However, after the terror attacks in the US, there was genuine interest among Western intelligence agencies in Indian evidence of Pakistan-based terror groups, their linkages to the ISI and the Pakistani army and their global footprints. But that interest was limited to the shadowy world of intelligence. Kasab's arrest was unique. No evidence until then came anywhere near Kasab, a living testimony of the LeT and the Pakistani establishment's hand in terror unleashed across India. Not that his sponsors did not try to cover up Kasab's Pakistani identity.Kasab and his nine killer colleagues were given fake identity cards, showing them as Hindu students of Arunodaya Degree and PG College, Hyderabad. Kasab had an ID card in the name of Sameer Choudhary, and an address in Teachers' Colony, Bangalore, was on it.During the Mumbai attacks, at least one of the terrorists posed as an Indian Muslim. The united effort put up by the marauding terrorists was to completely deny their Pakistani links. What Kasab's capture did was to help India to irrefutably establish the monstrous policies of the Pakistani state, and its deadly ricochet across the world over the years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17315466", "title": "Kasab got justice but deserved none: ATS chief Rakesh Maria", "text": "MUMBAI: State anti-terrorism squad (ATS) chief Rakesh Maria, who headed the 26/11 terror attack investigation, said a fair probe and an open trial by the Indian court has proved the sanctity of our democracy, legal process and beauty of our legal system.\"Convicted terrorist Ajmal Kasab received justice, though he deserved none,\" said Maria. Kasab was hanged to death in the Yerwada jail on Wednesday morning.The 1981-batch IPS officer headed the crime branch when Kasab was captured alive during the 26/11 terror attacks. Maria was the main coordinating link between the various central agencies and the Union home ministry. He was the only officer who interrogated Kasab personally on a daily basis. \"It was a detailed and meticulous investigation. The trial was conducted in an open court where journalists not only from India but several other countries attended. We made a watertight case and proved it in court, resulting in Kasab's conviction. Credit goes to everyone, including the investigating team, witnesses, public prosecutors and all those who helped the police collect evidence and present a strong case in the open court,\" said Maria.He added Kasab's execution is the most fitting tribute to victims as well as security personnel who laid down their lives fighting terrorists. \"After a painstaking probe, Kasab was given a fair trial by the judiciary in an impartial manner,\" said Maria. \"Experts from USA and NSG officers testified in an Indian court for the first time in the country. It is indeed a matter of great pride that the case ended in an expected way,\" Maria added. The trial started in April 2009 and was completed in a record time of 110 working days. It was also scrutinized by law enforcement agencies and experts from other parts of the globe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17314564", "title": "IAS officer assaulted in Vikasa Soudha", "text": "BANGALORE: Medical education secretary KS Prabhakar, IAS, was allegedly assaulted by a lecturer in the presence of the medical education minister SA Ramdas at Vikasa Soudha on Wednesday afternoon.The accused is Dr Yatish, a lecturer at Mysore Medical College and now an in-service PG student at the Bangalore Medical College and Research Institute.In a complaint to Vidhana Soudha police, Prabhakar stated: \"After a meeting at Vikasa Soudha, I went to the minister's office in Room Number 406 for a discussion. In the ante-chamber, Yatish asked me about some service matter related to him. I told him that I would consider it and take action. At this point, he began assaulting me. As he rained blows on my head, my vision blurred and I lost consciousness. When I opened my eyes, the people around gave me some water.''Prabhakar said MLC D S Veeraiah and retired IAS officer H Basavaiah were also present.Police took Dr Yatish into custody. Before being taken to the police station, he said: \"The department officials are not granting me non-practising allowance. I'm running from pillar to post for the past year and met everybody, including the minister, but to no avail.''Prabhakar told reporters he was deputed to the department three months ago. \"There is no provision to grant a non-practising allowance. I told him it would be considered. Despite this, he assaulted me,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17314948", "title": "'Ajmal Kasab begged for mercy before execution'", "text": "PUNE: 'Allah qasam maaf karna, aisi galthi dobara nahi hogi' (I swear by Allah, please forgive me, such a mistake won't be repeated) were the last words uttered by terrorist Ajmal Kasab when he was being taken to the gallows at the Yerawada central prison here at 7.30 am on Wednesday. Sources said Kasab was speaking incoherently for a while until the lever was pulled.The sources said the entire procedure was well-planned but carried out secretly. Barring some top officials, none of those present in the jail to supervise the hanging knew why they had been called early in the morning. Even the jail staff was unaware of the developments.\"Neither the city police commissioner nor officers of the Pune anti-terrorism squad (ATS) knew about the developments. Since the prison falls in their jurisdiction, officials at the Yerawada police station were called to the jail premises around 8 am and told that Kasab had been hanged,\" the sources said.Kasab was hanged in the presence of a doctor, a medical team and officials from the prison department and district administration. \"There was no resistance from Kasab when he was brought to the gallows,\" the sources said.The lone surviving terrorist of the 26/11 Mumbai attack was brought to a separate cell located near the gallows on Tuesday night. He remained there till early morning after which he was medically examined. A source who was present during the medical examination said Kasab cooperated with the doctor and the other medical staff. \"Soon after the examination, he was taken to the gallows with a black cloth covering his head. After the execution, the body was kept hanging for some time following which he was declared dead by the authorities concerned,\" the sources said.A source, who was one of the few to supervise the hanging, said even he was not aware of the plan. \"I was called by my top bosses on Tuesday evening and given a written order to report at the Yerawada jail at 5 am on Wednesday. I was told to go home early. After reaching the jail on Wednesday, I was taken inside the premises,\" he said.The source said he sensed that something related to Kasab was happening and thought that the terrorist may have been brought to the Pune jail. However, he realized that Kasab was going to be hanged only around 6.30 am when the higher authorities in the jail told him about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17317681", "title": "Vernon Philander out of 2nd Test against Australia", "text": "MUMBAI: Proteas bowler, Vernon Philander , has been withdrawn from the second Test against Australia at the Adelaide Oval, after waking up with a stiff lower back on Thursday morning. Rory Kleinveldt has been named to replace Philander.Australia won the toss and elected to bat first on a hot and steamy morning in Adelaide. The Proteas have effectively gone in with two changes to the side that drew the first Test at the Gabba in Brisbane , with Faf du Plessis making his debut in place of JP Duminy, and Imran Tahir coming into the XI for the injured Philander.Team Manager, Dr Mohammed Moosajee said: \"Vernon woke up complaining about lower back stiffness, he progressively got worse and didn't respond to the treatment from our physiotherapist , Brandon Jackson . He will go for an MRI scan as soon as possible to give us a clearer indication of the symptom.\"South Africa: Graeme Smith (captain), Alviro Petersen, Hashim Amla, Jacques Kallis, AB de Villiers (wicket-keeper), Jacques Rudolph, Faf du Plessis, Dale Steyn , Rory Kleinveldt, Morne Morkel, Imran Tahir, Robin Peterson (12th man).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai/new delhi", "code": "17315603", "title": "Arrests over Facebook post: Ministers target RR Patil for not acting against cops", "text": "MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: Maharashtra home minister R R Patil was cornered by his senior colleagues over the Facebook arrests at the state cabinet meeting on Wednesday. They criticized the government for not taking strong action against the police officer who had filed the FIR and arrested Palghar girls Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Shrinivasan for their online comments opposing Mumbai's shutdown last Sunday following Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's death.Even as Patil found himself in a spot, an online campaign petitioning the state DGP to drop the charges against the two girls gathered momentum on Wednesday with over 8,500 people signing up, and the numbers steadily climbing.The ministers demanded to know why the state was waiting for the inquiry report when, prima facie, it was evident that the police action was \"illegal\". \"The home department is dragging its feet, it must take action without waiting for any report,\" a senior minister said. A heated argument ensued between the ministers and Patil before chief minister Prithviraj Chavan intervened. He explained the government's stand and assured his team members that action would be taken against all those found guilty.Minority minister Naseem Khan, minister for employment guarantee scheme Nitin Raut and women and child development minister Varsha Gaikwad, all from the Congress, demanded an explanation from Patil. In a press meet, Patil explained the state could not take action before getting the inquiry report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17316633", "title": "Ajmal Kasab's hanging: BSF sounds alert", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Border Security Force (BSF) has sounded an alert along the Indo-Pak international border in Punjab, following the hanging of Ajmal Kasab, apprehending any misadventure from the Pakistan side.Government of Punjab, which borders Pakistan and is barely 100km away from Kasab's village Faridkot in Pakistan Punjab, was not tipped off about the hanging beforehand. Hours after Kasab's hanging, BSF inspector general (frontier) Aditya Mishra said, \"We have sounded an alert though we are always on vigil,\" He said he didn't expect any reaction from Pakistan side but the force was on alert.Officials in Punjab government's home department said though there had been a verbal communication for a security alert following Kasab's hanging, no written message was sent to the state. \"We have issued directives to the police and security agencies to be on alert. There was no prior information about Kasab's hanging,\" said a senior IAS officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17317651", "title": "Nobel winner banks on nano to save world", "text": "COIMBATORE: Peter Gruenberg who won the Nobel Prize in 2007 for Physics says that nanotechnology can help solve many of the problems the world faces today. Gruenberg who was in the city to attend an International Symposium. He spoke to TOI on the side-lines of the symposium.\"Many of today's problems including the shortage of power, medicines and storage of food can be addressed using nanotechnology,\" he said. Gruenberg, a German physicist was awarded the Nobel Prize along with TAlbert Fert from Paris for their discoveries in the Giant Magnetoresistive Effect (GMR) which was later used in modern hard drives.Kurt E Geckeler who heads the department of Nanobio Materials and Electronics at the World Class University, in South Korea said, \"Tapping solar energy is generally considered the best option as it is environment friendly and an abundant resource. But the materials to be used for the purpose are underdeveloped. Nanotechnology can be the answer.\"Efforts are on to develop solar panels which can tap solar energy from dessert regions, store the energy and transport it to another location. The panels will be much smaller, efficient and cost effective, he said. Similar panels and high capacity batteries which can store hydrogen separated from water are also being developed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17316950", "title": "Don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t ignore that itch in the eye", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Do not ignore if you have itchy eyes and they have turned red this season, as it could be a symptom of adenoviral conjunctivitis. While the city hospitals have been attending many patients with the viral infection, the doctors advise not to take any eye irritation casually, as the viral conjunctivitis is highly contagious.\"We are witnessing many cases of adenovirus conjunctivitis across all age groups. The viral infection is such that even the health workers are at risk. We advise everyone to regularly wash hands with sanitizer,\" said Dr Jagat Ram from the Advanced Eye Centre, PGI. However, maintaining proper hygiene and frequently washing hands may minimize transmission. Avoid touching your face often since the virus can enter the eyes, nose, and mouth. \"Even after touching any surface, like a table or chair, one must be cautious not to touch the eyes, until hands are washed,\" said Dr Jagat.\"Eye allergies are common during the change of season,\" said Dr Vivek Mishra, who has a private clinic in a Panchkula. Doctors warn against self-medication as it can result in damage of the cornea. \"Some patients take it causally and use eye drops suggested by friends or relatives. A delay in treatment can effect the cornea and result in loss of vision,\" said Dr Anil Sharma, a Mohali-based ophthalmologist.Elaborating on the difference between bacterial and viral conjunctivitis, Dr Jagat said unlike the bacterial infection, a viral infection is highly contagious as it transmits from watery discharge from the affected eye to the other eye. It may last anywhere between five days to three weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17316063", "title": "Goa police bill may be introduced this winter session", "text": "PANAJI: The home department has started the process of introducing the long-pending Goa Police Bill in the upcoming winter session of the Goa legislative assembly.Sources in the home department said that the file pertaining to the bill will be send to the chief minister's office for his approval over introducing it in the winter session, which is expected to begin in the last week of December.\"We will forward the old police draft bill 2008 to chief minister Manohar Parrikar , who will take a decision on whether to introduce the same draft bill or one with certain modifications,\" said sources in the police department.The state government has adopted the Goa Police Bill which was prepared by the central government in 2008. The bill was introduced in 2009 and immediately referred to a select committee which was headed by then home minister Ravi Naik . \"As the bill was not passed in the assembly and the assembly was dissolved in March 2012, the Goa Police Bill was lapsed with reference to terms of Article 196 (5) of the Constitution of India,\" said sources in the law department. During the budget session, Parrikar had said that the Goa Police Bill would be tabled in the next session of the Goa assembly.A year ago, social activists in Goa had said that the bill in its present form had several defects as it undermines civil liberties and gives additional powers to the police without ensuring the required accountability.Some of the emerging areas of concern conveyed were assumptions in the bill about the criminality of tenants and migrants even as gated communities with their mega-facilities and clout are ignored, accountability and transparency of the police, politically motivated transfers of police, protection being afforded to violators in the name of averting a law-and-order situation generated by the very violators, need for human rights education as part of police training and education, sensitization for dealing with communal tensions, a SEZ-like formation in the name of Special Security Zones.2008 state government adopted the police bill2009 bill was introduced in assembly and was referred to select committee2012 assembly was dissolved and bill was lapsed.Social activist had urged government not to pass the bill in present form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17316699", "title": "Post Gurdwara Rakabganj clash, Sikhs form peace panel", "text": "JALANDHAR: Following the ugly clash at Gurdwara Rakabganj on November 15, some prominent Sikh personalities and organizations have formed a peace committee as there are apprehensions that violent brawl can take place in the coming days, especially on Gurpurabs and Nagar Kirtan days. Representatives of Shiromani Akali Dal (Badal) and Paramjit Singh Sarna-led SAD (Delhi) have also been included in the peace committee.Supreme Court senior advocate H S Phoolka said a number of meetings were held by various Sikh organizations initiated by the Sikh Forum to discuss the unfortunate incident of violence at Gurdwara Rakabganj. This incident had not only amount to desecration of Gurdwara Sahib, it has also lowered the image of the Sikh community in the whole world.\"The most disturbing part is the likelihood of this kind of violence continuing in future. According to intelligence reports there is a likelihood of violent incidents during Nagar Kirtan on November 24 and 27 and also during the congregation on both Gurpurabs of Guru Tegh Bahadur and Guru Nanak Dev on November 25 and 28, respectively.\"There was general refrain among devotees that something should be done by the sangat to stop violence,\" Phoolka disclosed. The peace committee would speak to both the sides urging them to pursue their political fights without resorting to violence.The five-member peace committee includes former PGI director and noted Sikh author Dr J S Neki, prominent Punjabi writer Ajeet Caur, former CBI director Joginder Singh , political science professor at IGNOU Dr Amarjit Singh Narang and advocate Phoolka. The two nominees of the Sarna group include Bhajan Singh Walia and Tarsem Singh while the nominees of the Badal group are Manjinder Singh Sirsa and Harmeet Singh Kalkaji.Phoolka said a 'candle light vigil' would also be held at the spot of the violence that is Gurdwara Rakabganj on Friday at 5pm. The peace committee has started working and interacting with both the groups, Phoolka said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320752", "title": "Rajamouli nominated for CNN-IBN Indian of the year 2012", "text": "SS Rajamouli is the only South Indian nominee for CNN-IBN Indian of the year 2012 in the Entertainment category. Ascribe it to Eega! The maverick director's has been nominated for his innovative super hit film Eega (Nani and Samantha), which had a house fly in the lead role.Other nominee's in this category include Aamir Khan &amp; Team Satyamev Jayate, Irrfan Khan, Ranbir Kapoor , Sridevi and Vidya Balan .Remember, SS Rajamouli's graphic extravaganza Eega has made it to the elite club. Eega is the only Telugu film that has made it the list of 18 other films selected by the Film Federation of India for the Oscars for the 'Best Foreign Language Film' category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "17315007", "title": "Three of a family hacked to death in land dispute", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Three members of a family including a retired school headmaster, Shankar Singh (70), his wife Bachchi Devi (61) and elder daughter-in-law Shwetambhari alias Rinki were killed with a sharp tool, locally called daabia, and with a 12 bore gun while two of his sons, Dhirendra and Sandeep were injured by a group of 15 to 20 armed people in Gadopur village under Paroo police station between 1 and 1.45 am on Wednesday.Senior superintendent of police (SSP) Rajesh Kumar, who visited the spot on Wednesday said the brutal murders were committed in connection with a land dispute with some relatives.The assailants have been identified by the injured and some villagers, the SSP added.Accordingly, the police have lodged a case against five named accused including Rajendra Singh, the first cousin of the deceased Shankar Singh and others. But all the accused have left the village and have gone into hiding, leaving the entire densely-populated village panicky.All the victims were sleeping when an armed group attacked the house. While the criminals hit Shankar Singh, his wife and two sons with daabias on their neck, his daughter-in-law was shot at from close range, killing all the three on the spot.While, Dhirendra received grievous injuries in the attack and was rushed to Shri Krishna Medical College Hospital (SKMCH), his younger brother, who received injuries in his thigh, rushed to Paroo police station, 5km away to inform the police on a motorcycle with the help of a villager.Dhirendra was in a precarious condition in the intensive care unit of SKMCH when report last came in.Police from Paroo reached the place of occurrence at about 3 am and the SSP arrived on the spot along with two DSPs and adequate force in the morning.Police hunt for the accused have already started and we hope to arrest them sonn, the SSP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17315601", "title": "Jaunpur police cracks astrologer murder case", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Jaunpur police and the Special Task Force (STF) on Wednesday claimed to have solved the high-profile astrologer Ramesh Tewari murder case by arresting three persons who allegedly plotted the killing. Tewari, who had links with a number of top politicians, businessmen and bureaucrats, was shot on November 15 in front of his ancestral house at Oonchgaon village in Jaunpur, 225 km from Lucknow.Investigators say Tewari's meteoric rise had left his rivals in the village envious. More so because, using his contacts in the corridors of power, Ramesh had allegedly started taking active interest in each and every dispute of the village. The envy turned into bitter rivalry and this eventually resulted in the crime executed by contract killers from Azamgarh, the police say.Additional director general (law &amp; order) Arun Kumar said investigations were under way to round up the remaining five accused. \"We have some details of the contract killers who executed the killing but we are not identifying them as it may hamper further investigations,\" he said. The ADG however confirmed that the killers hailed from the region adjoining Azamgarh district.What has shocked the investigators is the fact that almost 20 families of the village were aware of the murder conspiracy for at least two days before the crime took place. \"The assailants had even visited the village on November 13 with a local resident Bachai Upadhyay and held a detailed recce of Tewari's house and the roads leading out of the village to trace the getaway routes in case of any emergency,\" said Jaunpur police chief Manzil Saini. \"Later they were introduced to Vijay Bahadur Singh - the former pradhan of Bhiti Amari village in Qadipur police circle of Sultanpur district. The duo spent the night at Bahadur's house,\" Saini said.On November 15, the assailants again reached Oonchgaon with Vijay and met Bachai Upadhyay. Thereafter, the two contract killers were escorted to the venue of a Ram Leela that was to be inaugurated by Ramesh in the evening. The assailants saw his from close quarters there. Thereafter, they were escorted to the house of the Oonchgaon's former pradahn Jharkhande Singh -- one of the main rivals of Ramesh. \"The assailants spent the night at the house of Virendra Singh alias Dardhi in the same village,\" said Saini, who spearheaded the investigations.On the day of the murder, the duo left Virendra's house even before the day-break on a brand new Discover motorcycle they had bought a day before. Bachai Upadhyay followed suit. Bachai deputed a local resident Kaushal Kishore (a nephew of Virendra Singh) to inform him when Ramesh comes out of his house to meet the villagers -- a daily routine that the astrologer followed without fail during his stay in the village. Once Kaushal Kishore informed Bachai about Ramesh's presence outside his house, he signaled the assailants who reached the spot and shot him from a very close range.The breakthough came after investigators discovered a call made from the Oonchgaon village some 20 minutes before the murder. The call was traced to a local resident Kaushal Kishore. The person who received the call was Bachai who was at that time present with the contract killers.\"Police have arrested Vijay Bahadur Singh, Virendra Bahadur alias Dardhi and his nephew Kaushal Kishore and efforts are on to trace and arrest the remaining accused, including the assailants. Apart from Jharkhande Sigh, his son Dhirendra Singh was also actively involved in the conspiracy and some more names are expected to come to light once we nab the accused identified so far,\" Manzil Saini said. \"We have conflicting information about the amount of money paid for the killing and the names who contributed the money. However, it's confirmed that a hefty amount was paid for the crime,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17314858", "title": "Now for Afzal Guru: Terror victims", "text": "NEW DELHI: They have moved on from the terror strikes that changed their lives, but the wish to see every terrorist brought to justice is never far from their minds. So, when Wednesday morning arrived with news of Ajmal Kasab's execution by hanging in Pune, victims of several important terrorist attacks in Delhi demanded that Afzal Guru, convicted of the 2001 attack on Parliament, be executed soon.Manisha, 15, who lost her parents and brother in the Sarojini Nagar blast of 2005, said she and her grandmother Saileena Das were happy with the government's bold decision. \"Yet, at the same time, we feel that the government could have taken this decision long ago. We now want to see how it deals with the Afzal Guru case. The decision of the Supreme Court should be followed,\" said Saileena.Manisha said the state must stand by victims of terrorist attacks. \"It has been seven years since I lost my father. Under the rule of law, a man missing for over seven years is declared dead. But the Sarojini Nagar police refused to give us the necessary papers which will help the SDM declare my father dead. We are under severe financial stress and the documents can help us get some compensation.\"Ganga Devi, who lost her son in the Parliament attack, said, \"This is a good beginning. But what the Maharashtra government could complete in four years, the Delhi government has failed to do even after a decade. When will Guru be hanged?\"Kuldeep, the DTC driver who saved more than 60 lives in Govindpuri by throwing a ticking bomb out of his bus, also said Kasab's execution had reassured him about the rule of law in the country. \"It has been 10 years since Afzal Guru was convicted. I fail to understand the politics that saves him each day,\" he said.M S Bitta, president of the organization, Anti-Terrorist Front, who narrowly survived a terrorist attack and now helps terror victims, said, the execution was a \"very welcome\" step. \"We are happy about the development. It shows that if the government wants, it can carry out its will. Naturally then, the question arises why those convicted in the Parliament attack case or for the murder of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi , or those who attacked me are still protected? Devender Bhullar and Afzal Guru should be executed at the earliest,\" he said.Ashok Randhawa, president of the South Asian Forum for People Against Terror, said he was highly satisfied with the way in which Kasab was executed in a surprise move, without announcement. \"I received calls from terror attack victims all through the morning. We believe that terrorists have no place in this society,\" said Randhawa.'Govt firm on hanging Afzal'Kasab's death sentence has brought to fore memories of the attack on parliament and the prime accused Afzal Guru. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit steered clear of making a comment on the pending decision over the state's report to the Centre on Guru, in which Delhi has recommended that the terrorist be hanged. Chief secretary P K Tripathi reiterated that the state sticks to its stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata/haldia", "code": "17316671", "title": "Power woes put Haldia Petrochem at peril", "text": "KOLKATA/HALDIA: Ailing Haldia Petrochemicals Ltd (HPL) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the flagship of neo-industrialization in Bengal with one of the most advanced plants in the country \u00e2\u20ac\u201d may be heading towards a disaster.Lummus Technology, the US-based hydrocarbon technology giant, has cautioned the HPL management for running the plant at a very low capacity. The HPL plant is running at less than 50% capacity since September 26 owing to shortage of naphtha, the main feedstock, say sources.In fact, for the past few days, the plant has been operating at 40% capacity following a shutdown in polypropylene unit earlier this week because of a power trip.TOI was the first to report about the HPL management's decision to run the plant at a less than 50% capacity due to lack of funds amid rising naphtha prices and inventory accumulation.HPL had asked for the views of Lummus as the plant was operating at abysmally low capacity owing to shortage of naphtha and mounting inventory. Lummus in an email replied that it is not right to run a sophisticated plant like the one of HPL at a very low capacity. \"It is not advisable to run the plant at turndown capacity. But for a brief period it can be run at less than 50% capacity,\" says the Lummus reply.The turndown capacity of a petrochemical plant is 75% of the optimum capacity. In case of HPL, the full capacity is 240 tonne per hour. A petrochemical plant sometimes runs at less than 50% for few days when it starts after a shutdown and requires some time to reach an optimum capacity.HPL MD Sumantra Chowdhury, however, said he is not aware of any advice from Lummus. Commenting on the shutdown of PP unit, he said it would resume operation from Thursday. \"We are working on it,\" he said. However, he did not comment on running the plant at a low capacity.Incidentally, HPL had stepped up production to 150 tonne per hour in last week of October from just 120-130 tonne level. However, owing to the power glitches it has gone down to 110 tonne, making it vulnerable to technical faults.\"There were three incidents of power tripping in a week, which had never happened before since HPL has its own captive power unit. This is largely because lack of preventive maintenance,\" a source said.Petrochemical experts feel that it is better to take a temporary shutdown for such a plant than running it at less than 50% capacity. \"If you shut down for some time you will only lose the fixed cost but if you run at low capacity then you lose some variable cost as well,\" sources in HPL added.Incidentally, HPL has reported one of the highest ever losses in the EBIDTA (earning before interest depreciation tax and amortization) level in October at a time when state government is preparing for auction of its stake in the company. The petrochem firm has suffered a loss of Rs 80 crore in the EBIDTA level while in the PBT (profit before tax) level there was a loss of Rs 130 crore.Lummus Technology is a leading player in licencing proprietary process technologies to the hydrocarbon industry. It is renowned for the scope of its technology assets and its ability to provide single-source solutions for customers globally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316302", "title": "Cantonment Board plans community halls on its land", "text": "HYDERABAD: To prevent land gifted by layout developers/colonies from being encroached by land sharks, the Secunderabad Cantonment Board (SCB) has come up with a proposal to construct community halls. The Cantonment authorities have included a proposal to this effect in the agenda of the Board meeting to be held on November 22.Cantonment Board officials discovered that the 40% of the land gifted by co-operative society or welfare associations was lying vacant. As a result, the parcels of land were either being encroached by land sharks or being used for some other purposes.\"Now, the SCB has decided to build community halls on the gifted land so that it can be used for recreational purposes by the cooperative society or welfare association members,\" an SCB source told TOI.The SCB officials have prepared certain guidelines for constructing the community halls and the cooperative society/welfare association has to submit consent letters to this effect, the source said. However, the structure cannot be used for commercial, religious or political purposes. The Cantonment Board is also likely to move a proposal for revising water tariff as the last revision was done in June 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17316326", "title": "Congress braces for a stormy winter session of Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress faces an array of opponents keen to corner it over its decision to allow foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail raising the possibility of raucous disruptions as the winter session of Parliament gets underway on Thursday.The bone of contention is the Opposition's demand that the FDI policy be discussed under a rule that entails a floor test and the government's determination not to accept such a motion on the grounds that an executive decision should not be subject to a vote in Parliament.Another reason for Parliament not functioning on Thursday could be Shiv Sena leader Anant Geete's demand for a day's adjournment as a mark of respect for the passing away of Sena chief Balasaheb Thackeray.United in their opposition to FDI in retail, BJP, Left and regional parties are gearing to take on the government with even some of Congress's allies and outside supporters demurring over letting global retailers into the domestic market.With the Opposition sensing an opportunity for all UPA opponents to gather under one tent, BJP and Left members are planning to vociferously press for the acceptance of their motions, a move that can result in a stalemate in Parliament.It remains to be seen whether the government can break the ice and persuade the Opposition to accept a discussion under a non-voting rule. There is a view that the Opposition might just be amenable to such a proposal as a debate may serve to highlight the consensus against the FDI policy.Much will depend on how Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's interaction with BJP leaders over dinner on Thursday goes as he is likely to make a strong pitch for the main Opposition's cooperation on some critical bills relating to the economy.Passage of finance-related legislation is crucial for the government as it tries to re-energize the economy and ward off a rating downgrade the threat of which has not receded. With RBI refusing to lower rates in view of a high deficit and inflation , the government needs to make some headway in Parliament.As FDI in retail takes centre stage, Trinamool Congress looks isolated in its plan to move a no-confidence motion against the UPA government. BJP and Left have shown no inclination to back the proposition fearing that regional parties like BSP and SP will bail out the government and a no trust vote would only backfire on the Opposition.The Left has its reasons not to back Trinamool, but BJP also feels the arithmetic does not add up and moving a no-trust motion would mean playing into the ruling coalition's hands.The PM's dinner engagement with BJP was slated for November 17, but had to be rescheduled due to Thackeray's death.An all-party meeting convened by the Speaker on Wednesday saw the Opposition making common cause over FDI in retail accusing the government of violating the assurance given to Parliament by government that all stakeholders would be consulted before going ahead with the decision.\"We want the House to run, we wish to cooperate in running the House, there are several issues waiting to be discussed. But, our pre-condition is that the issue on which an assurance was given to the House be taken up first under a rule that entails voting,\" said Leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj.Parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath did not quite agree, saying \"There was no assurance in that sense of the word. There is a committee of assurances... We will go into the records on what Pranab Mukherjee (as finance minister ) had said.\"BJP MPs in Rajya Sabha Prakash Javdekar and Rajiv Pratap Rudy have given a privilege notice against commerce minister Anand Sharma for bringing in FDI in retail through an executive order.CPI leader Gurudas Dasgupta spoke in a similar vein and was apprehensive about the functioning of Parliament at least for the first few days. Apart from being on the same page as BJP on the FDI in retail issue, Dasgupta said that there should be a discussion on the economic situation in the country and demanded a white paper on the issue from the government.Leaders of SP and BSP \u00e2\u20ac\u201d key outside supporters of the UPA 1 kept cards close to their chest saying a decision on the issue would be taken by Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319921", "title": "Shivangi releases Band Baaja", "text": "After the success of many collaborations, singles, and albums Shivangi Bhayana's currently releasing her latest single 'Band Baaja'. With music being produced by Vancouver's finest musician, Coach Sandhu, and vocals/lyrics by Shivangi they are sure they've got a hit formula!Joining her on drums is Mac White, bass Jesse Mackle, and electric guitar Coach Sandhu. But it doesn't stop here! Shivangi's 'Band Baaja' will be releasing with a music video directed by Aziz Dhamani and Gautam Arora. With a talented and hard working team by her side 'Band Baaja' will surely Bajaa dal Band!Born and raised in the breathtaking city of Vancouver, Shivangi's musical talent emerged at the tender age of four and she has since performed on hundreds of stage shows across Canada, USA, and India. Her appeal to audiences was quick, garnering many wins in singing competitions, and is a well-known face in the entertainment field. She has contributed her gift of music by singing at major charity organizations such as: The B.C. Children's Hospital, The Cancer Research Society of Canada, Bosnia Children's Society, Jewish Community Society of British Columbia, and Vedic Hindu Cultural Society of British Columbia. In addition, she has performed in front of major political personalities such as Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper , ex-Prime Minister of Fiji Mahendra Chaudhry , and has opened concerts for many artists such as Jay Sean and the late Ustad Sultan Khan.During her adolescence, Shivangi moved to the city of dreams, Mumbai, India - where she expanded her knowledge of north Indian classical music with instruction from Mr. Devinder Hundal of Vancouver. Along with vocal training, she worked countless hours on musical projects that provided experience in the behind the scenes knowledge. Music Director, Monty Sharma of Saawariya fame, gave her her first break, for the the Bollywood film Apne, directed by Anil Sharma, as background vocalist and background lyricist.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17319027", "title": "Kashmiri 'kahwa' wows PAU", "text": "LUDHIANA: An exhibition was organized at the Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) on the occasion of the 7th National Conference of KVKs on Wednesday. The city residents had a gala time exploring the products and agricultural innovations displayed at the exhibition.Visitors also relished traditionally prepared Kashmiri \"kahwa\" available at the Kashmiri stall. The other products at the stall included honey, a variety of apples, almonds and walnuts. Meanwhile, other hot-sellers at the exhibition from other stalls were pickles from Mandi in Himachal Pradesh and jewellery made of jute from Bihar.Research fellow Simranjeet Kaur and associate professor Tarsem Singh Dhillon from PAU also enjoyed the special drink \"kahwa\", which is also known as saffron tea. While Javed Ahmad and Abdul Rashid poured the two a drink from the traditional \"samarwar\", they discovered that it is prepared in big metallic thermos-like utensil, called \"samarwar\", which keeps the tea warm using charcoal.\"This drink is amazing a?? both in taste and nutritive value. Saffron gives it a rich colour and distinctive flavour, making it an exquisite drink,\" said, Simranjeet. Amandeep Singh, a resident of BRS Nagar, said, \"My friend who is studying at PAU informed me about the stall. I tasted the 'kahwa' and purchased the honey from Kashmir, which is considered pure and good for health.\"Back at the exhibition, the stall of Naval Kishore from Bihar University in Bhagalpur, saw young women coming in large numbers to purchase jewellery made of jute. \"This jewellery is very different - extremely light weight and fashionable. It is hard to believe that these were hand-made as the patterns were intricate and neat. They had even printed the names of the women who made this jewellery,\" said Simran Makkar, a resident of Gurdev Nagar.Meanwhile, Jyoti and Kalpana from Mandi were witnessed busy selling pickles and Himachali spices. \"I bought a pickle called 'Lungru' pickle, garlic pickle and a special chilly. They have all been made from organic products and are very tasty. I have also bought some powdered spices like 'anardana', 'dhania' and 'haldi' from the stall,\" said Sunita Aggarwal, a resident of Model Town.Another attraction at the exhibition was the yellow, red and green coloured varieties of capsicum displayed by a team of Krishi Vigyan Kendra from Solan. And so was the stall where Rajesh Kumar Chauhan of Haridwar showed white, pink, purple, black and brown 'rajmah' to the inquisitive residents. In addition to these many stalls at the exhibition were providing information to farmers about hybrid varieties of seeds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh road", "code": "17319249", "title": "Schools from Varanasi make a clean sweep", "text": "CHANDIGARH ROAD: Schools from Varanasi made a clean sweep, winning all the team as well as the individual gold medals on the final day of CBSE National Carom Championship held at BCM Senior Secondary School, Chandigarh Road, on Wednesday.In the team events, Swami Harsevanand School, Varanasi, won gold in boys' category, defeating Dr ALIM School, Varanasi, by 2-1. For bronze medal, Happy Model School, Varanasi, outplayed Sunbeam School, Varanasi, by 2-1.In the girls' category, Happy Model School, Varanasi, emerged as the champion, defeating Varanasi Public School, Varanasi. The only local team from BCM School, Shastri Nagar, took home bronze medal, defeating DLW Inter College, Varanasi.In the boy's individual final, Gaurav Gupta of Dr ALIM School, Varanasi, defeated his school-mate Vaibhav N Singh to take home the gold medal. In girl's category, Shikha Singh of Happy Model School, Varanasi, defeated school-mate Manisha Singh to become the champion.The four-day event witnessed participation of over 400 students from over 40 schools across the country. Prizes were distributed by the chief guest, Sukhvir Singh Grewal, former Olympian and Indian Hockey Team coach.The event came to a close with a cultural show. \"Giddha\", a yoga demonstration and a group song by the host school students enthralled one and all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17320534", "title": "Schedule for urban body polls to be announced soon", "text": "MYSORE: The schedule for the election to urban local bodies (ULB) will be announced shortly, state election commissioner C R Chikkamath said on Wednesday. He instructed the deputy commissioners to get the election machinery ready by month end. Reviewing the poll preparedness of eight districts in Mysore region, Chikkamath asked the DCs to focus on polls. Senior officials from Mysore, Mandya, Hassan, Chamarajnagar, Kodagu, Udupi, Dakshina Kannada and Chikmagalur attended the meeting and updated the commissioner about the poll preparedness. Chikkamath asked the DCs, who are also district election officers, to enforce the poll code strictly when it is enforced and asked them to restrict politicians from using religious activities for political gains. The commissioner asked them to restrict mass marriages organized by politicians. DCs, SPs, excise deputy commissioners and RTOs attended the meeting. There are two corporations-Mysore and Mangalore and seven municipalities in the Mysore division. There are 23 town municipalities and 19 town panchayats. In all, there are 19,68,580 voters in eight districts of which 9,89,455 are women. Mysore DC P S Vastrad said the voters' list is being revised and updated. Regional commissioner M V Jayanthi was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17315488", "title": "Lay off pets, owners, animal body to Close North RWA", "text": "GURGAON: The Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) has issued notice to the Residents' Welfare Association of The Close North, Nirvana Country, over their illegal and arbitrary actions relating to pet dogs and pet owners on Tuesday.While issuing the notice to the residential society, AWBI reprimanded the management body and stated that they cannot formulate laws for residents.\"You do not have the right to legislate, and 'lay down law' or 'promulgate rules' for residents, and apartment owners or even tenants, that are at variance with the law of the land, the notice stated.Regarding the ban on the use of residential elevators while taking the pet out for a walk, AWBI said the restriction was illegal and observed that there are two court rulings where it was said that pets cannot be disallowed from the use of lifts; and no charges can be imposed either, by housing societies for the use of lifts by pets.The court had regarded it as \"deficiency in service\", and penalized the RWAs accordingly.On the use of muzzle on pets, AWBI said there is penalty on such use under law and can be availed of by the harassed pet owners.Moreover, AWBI said it was unlawful to impose any rule, or subject pet owners to any penalty with respect to defecation by pets in the society complex. It was suggested that areas can be demarcated within the society for such purposes. A fine of Rs 200 has been reportedly imposed for dog defecation in common areas.When contacted, the board of managers of the residential complex said, \"The RWA framed these regulations in the larger interest and safety of our residents, one of the kids was bitten by a pet dog. We are not violating any norms this is being followed in many condominiums in Gurgaon and many western countries have pet etiquettes which should be followed.\"\"We will give a considered response to the notice even the pet owners have overwhelmingly supported our stand as we want the Close North Condominium to be a safe and secure complex for our residents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "17316463", "title": "Victim\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s family hails Kasab's hanging", "text": "NIZAMABAD: The family members of Ameena Begum, who was killed in the Mumbai terrorists attack on November 26, 2008, expressed happiness over the execution of one of the terrorists Ajmal Kasab on Wednesday.However, there was a tinge of disappointment among them over the delay in sending the terror perpetrator to the gallows. They said quick justice was needed in terror-related cases.Recalling the incident, the victim's mother, Noorjahan, said on that night of the terrorist attack, it was chaotic at the Chatrapathi Shivaji terminus where Kasab entered the railway station and opened fire indiscriminately while they were waiting to take a train to Nizamabad.Ameena Begum had died on the spot. Noorjahan said her father Abdul Rasheed received bullet injuries on his leg. The five-member family had gone to Asabe Rasool Dharga in Bijapur near Aurangabad and was returning home when the incident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17315607", "title": "It\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s true homage for Mumbai\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s martyr cops: Unnikrishnan", "text": "BANGALORE: \"My son did not fight Kasab. It was Tukaram Ombale, Hemant Karkare , Vijay Salaskar and Ashok Kamte who lost their lives while fighting Kasab and his accomplice. This (hanging Kasab) is a true homage to these martyrs.\" This was how K Unnikrishnan, father of slain NSG commando Major Sandeep Unnikrishnan, reacted to the news of Ajmal Kasab's execution on Wednesday morning.Major Unnikrishnan was killed in action while fighting terrorists inside the Taj Mahal Hotel during the November 2008 Mumbai attacks. Emotions ran high early on Wednesday morning at the Bangalore residence of the Unnikrishnans when they were first informed of Kasab's execution by a TV reporter. While Sandeep's mother broke down after watching the news report on TV and said justice had prevailed, his father said, \"My son just did his duty of saving lives of people. Execution of Kasab's death sentence is just the end of one chapter, terrorism will continue. I don't see it as revenge or victory. The only advantage of hanging Kasab is a lot of taxpayers' money would be saved.\"Remembering Sandeep, whom he last spoke to before he left for the rescue operation at the Taj on November 26, 2008, Unnikrishnan said: \"Sandeep was everything to us. To me he was more of a friend. We lost everything in the 26/11 attacks and nothing can compensate this loss. We have not celebrated any festivals after losing our son and are living an aimless life. We are just living on our son's memories.\"He also said that now the governments of India and Pakistan should work to counter terrorism. This can be done only by changing the mindsets of the people who have been brainwashed by the masterminds of terrorism. The real culprits behind 26/11 are yet to be caught and punished, he said. \"Terrorists will not learn any lessons from Kasab's case. They are trained to kill people. My son was trained to save lives. He was destined to fight the country's enemies. Our destiny was to suffer and we are living with it,\" said Unnikrishnan.For Sandeep's mother, there was a sense of justice though. \"Justice has finally been done not only to my son but to all the martyrs and victims of 26/11. He (Kasab) should have been hanged earlier, but I am satisfied that the government has not dragged the decision,\" said Dhanalakshmi.The Unnikrishnans also justified the government's move to hang Kasab secretly. \"We have seen in the past many such cases being dragged. The government was under tremendous pressure in Kasab's case too and they were right in maintaining secrecy about executing his death penalty,\" said Unnikrishnan.The parents are planning to leave for Mumbai to attend the Martyrs' Day function. A statue of Major Unnikrishnan will also be unveiled at KR Puram in Bangalore on November 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320064", "title": "DBI announces Ni Udaleh with Amar Sandhu", "text": "Introducing North Americas premier production team DBI- Dhol Beat International. This group of award winning djs and dhol players have had unprecedented success with the release of various bhangra mix tapes over the years and have established themselves as the top bhangra group hailing from the United States . DBI is thrilled to announce the launch of their first single \" Ni Udaleh\" featuring the vocal talents of North American bhangra sensation Amar Sandhu.The track Ni Udaleh aka 'Fly with me' was inspired by a heavy schedule of gigs and partying all over the nation resulting in an overwhelming amount of travelling by air. In many cases Dbi would stay up rocking parties till the sun came up and head straight to airport to catch an early morning flight, in which many cases were missed! In the summer of 2011 on a flight back home to Texas, Amar Sandhu was inspired to write a song of his experiences flying on a plane, and metaphorically flying through life performing as an artist who wants to invite 1 special person to join him on this journey. Amar brought this concept to DJ Impact and together the intoxicating punjabi lyrics along with a hard hitting house vibe was the recipe used to create this years most unique party banger Ni Udaleh.The music video is due to be aired on all music channels and is expected to take over social networks and YouTube. Early morning, as the alarm goes off after being snoozed numerous times, the DBI boys are faced with the challenge of making it to their flight on time. The journey begins as they face various obstacles including having to hitch hike their way to the airport picked up by none other than YouTube celebrity Jus Reign, who plays a quirky and high strung individual who also leaves us with a surprise at the end of the video. From the airport to the club, this music video will keep you guessing and pumping your fists till the very last beat.Ni Udaleh will be featured on the upcoming mix-tape 'The VIP Experience', which will consist of a non-stop array of more than 30 of your favourite VIP Records classics as well as brand new originally produced hits by DBI including exclusive tracks by The Legendary Kaka Bhaniawala, Saini Surinder, and Labh Janjua. DBI ensures that once you pop this CD into your player the party will be non-stop with bass thumping dhol and that classic party rocking vibe that can only be created by the mix-tape kings, Dhol Beat International.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17316248", "title": "Railway minister Pawan Bansal hints at passenger fare hike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railway minister Pawan Bansal on Wednesday again dropped hints that passenger fares could be raised in a desperate attempt to tide over the looming financial crisis.The minister said he was not comfortable with the current practice of cross-subsidizing passenger fare with freight earning and added that something needed to be done.With the state-run transporter in huge financial stress , Bansal is aware that there is no way other than revising passenger fares to fund safety and modernization efforts.The minister advocated de-politicization of fare hike which may not find many takers within his Congress party as well as politicians across the divide who used railways as an instrument of image making and manipulating popular sentiments.Bansal's refusal to give any timeline for raising fares is viewed as the minister's attempt to buy time to carry out a cost-benefit analysis as the move may give the opposition a potent weapon to paint the government as anti-aam aadmi.\"Railways is not in ICU but I agree that financial condition is not good which has to be improved,\" Bansal said. \"There is a need to do something about it (fare hike). But there are many reasons for not being able to do it,\" he added.Arguing that there was a need to de-politicize fare hike proposals, he said, \"We are working on setting up of a rail tariff authority.\"Though railways' earning is increasing, cross-subsidization for passenger fares is very high which is drilling holes in the transporter's balance sheet. \"The ratio of passenger fare to freight is 3 to 1 in India. In China, it is 1.3 to 1. So you can imagine how our passenger fare is less,\" the minister said.Admitting that setting up of an independent authority was a long process, Bansal said, \"Fare hike proposal can be considered independently.\"To a query if he was ruling out fare hike at the moment he said, \"No, I am not ruling out but at the same time fare hike is one small component of the total amount of money required for modernization and infrastructure development.\"Under pressure to raise resources, the transporter has decided to increase haulage charges for container train operators by about 30%.According to the decision, haulage charges, which container train operators pay the railways for using the tracks, signalling systems and locomotives, will be increased in two stages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17319330", "title": "Healthy food habits key to better future: Doctors", "text": "RANCHI: Himanshu is six years old and weighs 51kg. He was recently taken to a clinic for breathlessness and the doctor identified him with a medical problem called obesity, quite common among children of affluent families. His parents were asked to check the calorific intake and encourage him to engage in physical activities, particularly outdoor sports.Himanshu is not the only one as more and more children are falling prey to lifestyle diseases which range from obesity to juvenile diabetes and sometimes even irritability and insomnia. Doctors hold food habits responsible for most of the problems but sleeping disorder and lack of physical activities are also to be blamed for this. Surya Shekhar, a Class VI student who just entered his teens was diagnosed with hypertension. When first diagnosed, his family and doctors expected the disease to be temporary. But to their shock and disappointment, he has been on anti-hypertensive medicines for more than a year with no signs of improvement.Himanshu's parents conceded that he has been on junk food since childhood because and that he has never preferred participating in outdoor games like other children his age. \"Time crunch is a major factor, as we both move out for our jobs. This leaves us with little scope to spend time with him and offer so -called healthy foods that has to be force fed,\" said Ratna Mukherjee his mother. She is now worried about her son's weight that needs to be regulated soon.Dr Ajay Kumar, former national vice president of Indian Medical Association (IMA) blames it on changing lifestyle that has also resulted in diseases like diabetes among the kids.\"Fat-rich diet, hot spices and fast food stimulate the taste buds and whenever parents are in a hurry they want to offer something that is readily acceptable to the kids,\" he said.Sanjay Roy, a city-based diabetologist says that there has been a sharp rise in the cases of juvenile diabetes everywhere in the world and India is no exception. Though there is no figure available, doctors are forced to blame food habits that have changed substantially in the past few decades. \"We can also link disease trends with environmental pollution but there is no research to substantiate either of the observation,\" he clarified.Irritability in even younger kids of two-three years and insomnia in pre-teens is yet another issue concerning the psychiatrists. Vijay Shankar a resident doctor with the Central Institute of Psychiatry says that he has been getting such cases almost at regular intervals. \"Over exposure of TV serials and cartoon shows, living in the virtual world of mobile phones and computers often distance kids from their parents and reduces the chances of homely counseling,\" he said attributing it as one of the major reasons for unruly behavior of young kids.It is observed that children living in rural parts are less prone to disease conditions despite being in comparatively unhygienic conditions. Doctors find physical exercise, exposure to nature and consumption of staple food instead of fast food as some of the keys to healthy living.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17316400", "title": "Pak govt dodges Kasab's execution note, citizens say hanging okay", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "17316466", "title": "Uttarakhand BJP expresses inability to expel Namdhari", "text": "DEHRADUN: A day after the Vijay Bahuguna-led Uttarakhand Congress government sacked the Chairman of Minorities Commission Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, the most important witness in the South Delhi farmhouse shootout that killed liquor and real estate baron Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep, state BJP on Wednesday expressed its inability to expel Namdhari from the primary membership of the party on grounds that no FIR has been lodged against him in the case so far.Addressing a press conference, BJP state spokespersons Mukesh Mahendra and Satish Lakhera said that the party will definitely take disciplinary action against Namdhari if cases are registered against him and his involvement in the shootout on Saturday is proved.\"We have come to know that Delhi police may ask Namdhari to join the investigation into the shootout as he was present there, but that does not mean he was involved in the incident,\" Mahendra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17316815", "title": "Winter still a week away, says Met department", "text": "KOLKATA: If the nip in the air has made you impatient to flaunt your woollens, you still have to wait a week or more, says the Met.By then, the temperature should drop 3 to 4 degrees below normal and the north winds should start blowing in, according to the weather office. The process has started and there are no low-pressure troughs in sight that could hinder the onset of winter.In fact, the mercury's downward slide started about two weeks back. \"In Kolkata, winter usually starts setting in towards the end of November. So, we are approaching winter and the signals are clear. The mercury has dropped steadily. But we must wait another week or so for winter to set in,\" said Devendra Pradhan, the deputy director of meteorology.It could take at least three more weeks for winter to reach its peak. \"The maximum temperature in peak winter hovers around 18 to 19 degrees while the minimum is around 12-13. It could drop further depending on the prevailing weather conditions. But that is unlikely to happen before December-end or early January. That is when the chilly northerly winds start blowing in from the snow-clad Himalayas. Snowfall in the Himalayas is therefore an important factor,\" said Pradhan.The fall in temperature has been gradual and normal, according to the Met office. \"So far, there's no indication of a delayed winter unless, of course, a low pressure zone intervenes,\" said a weather official.Whenever such a zone takes shape over the Bay of Bengal, the cool northerly wind gets obstructed. The resulting water-vapour pushes the humidity up, leading to a warm spell.On Wednesday, the maximum temperature in Kolkata was 29.7\u00c2\u00b0C while the minimum was 21.7\u00c2\u00b0C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17314710", "title": "Gold worth Rs 35 lakh seized at Mangalore airport", "text": "MANGALORE: Abdul Khadir, 25, from Bhatkal made a futile attempt to smuggle 1.11 kg of gold ornaments and biscuits stuffed in his underwear at Mangalore International Airport on Wednesday. Just a few weeks ago, Sri Lankan national Mohammed Hashim was caught at Bengaluru International Airport while trying to smuggle 1.75 kg of gold hidden in his rectum.Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) sleuths seized the gold worth Rs 35 lakh when he arrived by Air India Express IX-814 from Dubai at 6.15am.Based on a tip-off, the sleuths searched Abdul thoroughly. Sources said Abdul was hiding the gold near his private parts. Abdul, who didn't mention gold in his customs declaration, initially didn't give details. When sleuths questioned and strip-searched him, they found the gold, sources added.Abdul, a BSc graduate from Mangalore College of Fisheries, was produced before the chief judicial magistrate and remanded to judicial custody till December 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17400326", "title": "HC to hear petition by pvt schools against hefty fine", "text": "RAIPUR: Chhattisgarh High court will hear the petitions moved by three renowned private schools, challenging education department order slapping a fine of Rs 77.25 crore on them for allegedly collecting capitation fees and violation of the Right to Education Act (RTE).The hearing of the case, in which the high court had already granted a stay, is set to come up for further hearing on December 3, private school management sources said.District education office had slapped a total fine of Rs 77.25 crore on Krishna Public School (KPS), Holy Cross School, Pension Bada and Jain Public School and was asked to deposit the said amount within a month or their recognition would be canceled.The action came after the education authorities found that these schools collected money from the students under different heads in violation of the RTE Act. While imposing the fine, education officials had claimed that KPS had collected Rs 4.99 crore, Holy Cross Pension Bada Rs 2.52 crore and JPS Rs 17.7 lakh as capitation fees.Notices were also issued to other schools pending an inquiry against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17315987", "title": "Neighbouring states to participate in Carnival this year", "text": "PANAJI: Opening up Goa's unique Carnival to other Indian states for the first time, tourism minister Dilip Parulekar said Goa will invite neighbouring states to send their floats to participate in the Carnival float parade scheduled on February 9, 2013.Briefing the media, Parulekar said he will invite states like Karnataka, Maharashtra, Kerala and Gujarat to set up their food stalls in the five-food festival that will begin a day prior to the Carnival festival. The food festival will be held on the grounds of the National Institute of Water sports (NIWS), Caranzalem.Parulekar made the announcement after chairing a meeting with representatives of some municipal councils that hold carnival celebrations, the Tour and Travel Association of Goa (TTAG) and other stakeholders. \"It will be a quality, class carnival this year,\" Parulekar said.While Goa will invite other states to send their floats for the float parade, the theme for the float will be decided by Goa. The other states will also be invited to set up stalls at the food festival alongside food stalls of traditional Goan cuisine and five star hotels.The government is also trying to take the Carnival celebrations to other tourism hotspots in Goa by holding Carnival celebrations in Colva and Calangute. If other villages want to hold Carnival celebrations, they can submit their proposals and the government will consider, Parulekar said. More details of the Carnival festivities will be finalized at the next meeting scheduled for December 10.Tourism director Nikhil Desai said that the idea in inviting other states to participate is to make Carnival a pan-Indian event. Desai said the floats of other states, if they come, will be in addition to the Goan floats. Talking about the food festival that will run concurrently with the Carnival festivities, Desai said, \"Since the whole world descends on Goa for Carnival, why not make it bigger and better?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17316558", "title": "Kasab deserved barbaric death: 26/11 victim\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s kin", "text": "KOLKATA: While India is rejoicing the hanging of terrorist Ajmal Kasab, a family, tucked away in the corner of Hooghly district's Singur, is unhappy with the decision.It was in the 26/11 terror attacks that Purnendu Chatterjee had lost his mother, Meera Chatterjee, four years ago. He feels Kasab should have been given a more painful and \"barbaric death\".\"I would be lying if I said I am happy that Kasab, who was responsible for my mother's and many others death, has been hanged. He should have been given an excruciating and barbaric death,\" said Chatterjee with tears glistening in his eyes.Recounting the horror of the fateful day, Chatterjee said, \"The station complex was scattered with limbs, blood and human parts. There was wailing all around and the man responsible for this gory act was only hanged. He deserved a more painful death.\"His mother Meera, 66, from Singur, had gone to Mumbai to be with her son who was in a state of serious depression after having lost his job.On November 26, 2008, she was waiting at Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus ( CST) to catch a train home when a terrorist walked up to her and shot her at point blank range.Her two sons - Ardhendu and Purnendu - were only yards away getting food for their mother at the platform when the terrorists struck. Though the brothers heard the gunshots, they never realised that their mother would fall prey to it.They rushed back and started looking for Meera frantically. After a search of two hours, she was found dead at the morgue of a nearby hospital.Kasab's death penalty on Wednesday failed to lift Chatterjee's spirits. He said justice had been done but demanded a similar fate for other terrorists. \"The hand which had touched my mother has been broken. Though it came late but still justice has been done. But people like me who have lost their dear ones in terror attacks would be happy if all terrorists are terminated,\" rued Chatterjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316475", "title": "Dharmapuri violence: PIL seeks suspension of collector and SP", "text": "CHENNAI: About two weeks after 268 houses besides scores of vehicles belonging to dalits were torched by non-dalits infuriated by an inter-caste marriage and the suicide of the girl's father, a PIL has charged the Dharmapuri district collector and superintendent of police of inaction and demanded their suspension.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, before whom the PIL of advocate P Pugalenthi came up for admission on Wednesday, posted the matter to be heard along with a similar PIL pending before the court. The judges made it clear that they have not expressed any opinion on the matter. The November 7 arson, carried out by non-dalits, had left several hundred dalit families homeless in Natham Colony, Anna Nagar Colony and Kondampatti Old and New Colonies.Ilavarasan, a dalit, married Divya, a non-dalit. The girl's family and community disapproved of the marriage, and even a panchayat was held in the village condemning the marriage. Pugalenthi submitted that the village panchayat even gave an ultimatum to dalits to return the girl to her family by November 7. In the meanwhile, the girl's father committed suicide, triggering a mob attack on the dalit colonies on November 7.Citing the extensive media coverage of the violence and the remarks of the National Commission for Scheduled Castes chairman that it was an organized crime against the dalits, Pugalenthi pointed out that a mob of about 1,800 people looted and torched the belongings of dalits in these colonies. Despite all these developments and preparations by non-dalit caste leaders, the collector and the superintendent of police failed to deploy adequate police personnel for preventive action, the PIL said, adding that both the officials should be placed under suspension immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17317804", "title": "Search on for father in triple murder case", "text": "KOCHI: Police intensified the search for a retired school teacher who is suspected to have murdered his wife and two children in Muvattupuzha on Tuesday. The dead bodies of Mary (62), wife of Muvattupuzha East Maradi Kunnappallil George, daughter Reeja (33) and son Manu (32) were found with head injuries in their home.Though the crime came to light on Tuesday night, a special squad investigating the case said the three were murdered on Monday. The police suspect George, who is missing, to be behind these gruesome murders. The dead body of Reeja was found in the first floor and that of Mary and Manu in the ground floor of the house.\"We suspect George is behind the murders as he is absconding. His mobile is switched off. The gate of the house was locked. All available evidences point to him,\" said an official, who is part of the investigation squad. He added that George had called for taxi several times on Monday. As he could not get a taxi, he left the place in an auto, according to the police.Police searched houses of his relatives in Karimannur. According to police, George was a retired teacher of Karimannur school. They said that Reeja and Manu were mentally unstable, and Mary had also started showing symptoms of mental illness.It was the police who opened the house after receiving information from neighbours. \"The neighbours grew suspicious after they found newspaper and milk lying outside the house. When they went to investigate, there was an unbearable stink and informed police,\" said an official. The younger son of the couple, Paul, is working in the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316280", "title": "Karnad's Rahman remarks divide fans", "text": "CHENNAI: Playwright Girish Karnad recently said that composer A R Rahman's music is beautiful but so overpowering that listeners miss the beauty of the lyrics. He was speaking at a function on Urdu poetry and said, \"[Rahman] is a great musician, his orchestration is beautiful and overpowering, as a result of which one misses the beauty of lyrics that once defined songs in Bollywood.\" Many music lovers agree.\"Most of Rahman's pieces have catchy tunes, pulsating rhythm and a tagline like a jingle that hooks people. They catch the imagination of the public,\" says Ganesh Anantharaman, behavioural scientist and author of 'Bollywood Melodies'. Some of the famous lines include 'Pappu Can't Dance Saala', 'Humma Humma' and 'Mustafa, Mustafa'. Some that first appeared in Tamil movies were retained in Hindi because of their appeal.\"Though there was powerful poetry in the songs in 'Lagaan' and 'Jodhaa Akbar', most of his work consists of catchy tunes at the cost of lyrical beauty. I agree with Girish Karnad. You don't get the beauty of lyrics the way you do when you listen to tunes set by composers like S D Burman and Naushad to the lines of Sahir Ludhianvi and Majrooh Sultanpuri,\" he says.The Grammy-winning composer has delivered a variety of tracks over the years. Though he has created soulful Sufi songs, peppy Tamil folk and haunting love ballads, his music is a fusion of traditional instruments with electronic sounds that create rich layers.\"It is true to some extent that Rahman's music is layered. There are many instruments and sometimes you have to strain to listen to the lyrics,\" says filmmaker Uma Vangal, whose doctoral thesis traces the ideological discourse in Tamil film music from the 1950s to 2000. \"But he has also created songs that have become anthems and are sung repeatedly on TV reality shows.\"Tamil lyricist Pa Vijay, who has collaborated with Rahman on movies like 'Thenali' and 'Sivaji' says the composer gives lyrics their due. Though he introduces non-Tamil singers to Kollywood, he ensures that lyrics are presented well.As for musical interludes entering film music, Vangal says it shows how we are going with global trends. \"The world over, pop hits and rock ballads have musical interludes. When we like a song, we sing not just the lyrics but also mime the guitar riff or the sax bit,\" she says. Rahman, who is a bit of a music arranger, layers his compositions well leaving the listener to recollect the musical bits too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17316331", "title": "CAG official scammed via credit card", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A CAG official registered a complaint for misuse of her credit card, by unknown people, to shop for of goods worth Rs 71,000 with the city police. Navrangpura police registered a case on Tuesday and transferred it to the city crime branch's cyber crime cell for further probe.According to police investigators, Rupal Prakash Shreeprakash, a resident of Venus Parkland, Vejalpur, works with the accountant general's office as an officer. As per her complaint, she found out about the misuse of her credit card through SMSes and bank statements in Bhopal and Chennai. She said she hadn't visited the shops where the purchases were made.\"According to her complaint, somebody used her credit card with a private bank between November 11 and 15 to make purchases. She got the details of the transactions from the bank and found that purchases were made from Jhankar Boutique and Thirumalai Agency in Chennai and at a shop in Bhopal. She suspects somebody either misused her card or cloned it to make the purchases,\" said a crime branch official.Investigators said that they have acquired the financial documents to probe the transactions and ascertain if they were made online or by swiping a card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17315526", "title": "Noida Extension homebuyers meet Ajay Maken", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Flat owners in Noida Extension on Wednesday met housing and urban poverty alleviation minister Ajay Maken for resolution of their issues regarding cancellation of flat allotments by builders. Noida Extension Flat Owners and Members Association (NEFOMA) said that thousands of flat buyers are in dilemma because of cancellation of allotments.\"Builders are continuously cancelling allotments. They are trying to make more profits by cancelling the bookings of buyers on the pretext of not being paid an amount of 10 per cent of BSP (Basic Sale Price) or not sign addendum by buyers or not being paid an interest,\" NEFOMA representative Annu Khan said. \"We have requested the Minister to help these investors by issuing directions to builders,\" Khan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316405", "title": "9 injured in bus accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nine passengers, including school students, suffered injuries when an APSRTC bus of Hayathnagar depot rammed into a stationary lorry at Batasingaram on Wednesday. Around 8.30 am, the bus rammed into the lorry at Batasingaram in Hayathnagar.After the incident, locals disrupted the traffic for sometime. The injured commuters were shifted to a local hospital for treatment. Police registered a case against the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17315236", "title": "Flyer held with drugs worth Rs 85 lakh", "text": "MUMBAI: The Air Intelligence Unit (AIU) arrested a Chennai-based passenger for attempting to smuggle drugs on Wednesday. This comes on the heels of Tuesday's incident when the AIU had arrested a Chennai housewife for smuggling drugs. Officials have found that the contraband was handed over to both by the same person.The passenger arrested on Wednesday, Thanka Thurai Monikandan, was carrying 6 kg methaqualone worth Rs 85 lakh on his way to Kuala Lumpur.A batch, led by assistant commissioner Sameer Wankhede, received a tip-off about Monikandan. He was intercepted by officials at the check-in counter. The drug was concealed in the same manner as in the case of the housewife\u00e2\u20ac\u201d in a false suitcase bottom\u00e2\u20ac\u201d who was arrested earlier.\"Monikandan has been into smuggling for some time now. He has made nine trips abroad to deliver similar consignments,\" an AIU official said.The hunt is now on for the person who had sent both these consignments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17316783", "title": "Students to develop a \u00e2\u20ac\u02dccode\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 for Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After launching a mobile application \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Chandigarh City Guide \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in September, UT's Information Technology department has decided to hold an innovative competition for students to design a user-friendly mobile application \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Code for Chandigarh \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as part of the two day Destination IT @North event, that kicks off on Thursday.Participating in the administration's outreach activity, students will compete to design the best mobile application based on the specifications, which would be passed on to the successful registrants. Participation will either be individual or in teams, with a maximum limit of three members per team.IT secretary, UT, Prerna Puri said Code for Chandigarh will be a first of its kind competition to be organized by the government in the northern region. The students will have to develop a user-friendly mobile application around the theme of \"Chandigarh\" to win prize money of Rs 20,000.The competition is being supported by Centre for Development of Advanced Computing, Mohali and Computer Society of India. Experts from these agencies will be a part of the panel that would adjudge the mobile applications developed by students, said Tanvi Garg, director, IT.The event aims at enhancing awareness about information and communication technology among the populace in this region. The annual IT event has been scaled up by including a series of outreach activities for various sections of the society. Details about the competition are available at http://chandigarh.gov.in/code4chd.htm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17314411", "title": "India needs to lobby better on outsourcing: Jagdish Bhagwati", "text": "MUMBAI: Noted economist Jagdish Bhagwati on Wednesday said the country should take the anti-offshoring bogey in the US seriously and lobby hard to counter its effects.\"We would be foolish to continue pretending that `this (anti-outsourcing tirade) does not matter', and it is simply a 'political patter'. With jobs a continuing issue, any time politicians in the US condemn outsourcing, we lose brownie points,\" he said.\"There is little doubt that Obama and the Democrats in general have never ceased their refrain against outsourcing from the outset of the first Obama term. Of course, outsourcing means not China, but India,\" the professor of economics and law at the Columbia University said, delivering the Exim Bank's annual day lecture here on Wednesday evening.There has been a lot of posturing on outsourcing by President Obama during his re-election campaign, but now India must tell the US administration that post-victory, they should stop the rhetoric and work for the benefit of the sector, Bhagwati said.\"There does not have to be confrontation...there is no excuse for him to keep spreading this poison,\" Bhagwati added.Stating that the US political system functions through articulation and lobbying, he said New Delhi and the Indian industry must do better lobbying.\"We have to convey what we want and why because one of the things which I notice in America is that unless you say you want something, they don't pay attention. \"It's a lobbying-led system.\"Bhagwati cited a conversation with a New York mayor, who complained that Indians were not vocal about their demands, unlike other communities.Indian policy efforts in US have met with some successes like the nuclear deal. But on many other issues including the outsourcing, they have not elicited results.Bhagwati was unscathing in blaming the Indian diaspora, saying the community needed to go beyond their interest in mere \"photo opportunities\" and \"darshan mentality\" to achieve success in US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17316703", "title": "Mamata bid to put projects on fast track", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee doesn't want new projects to be held up. She isn't ready to listen to bureaucratic jargons bypassing the main issue. The chief minister made it clear to the ministers and bureaucrats in a meeting at Town Hall on Wednesday.\"I don't understand when someone says a normal proposal wasn't made. Was the earlier proposal abnormal then? What can someone mean by work-in-progress. Either the work has been completed or it hasn't been done,\" the CM said in the meeting. The hour-long meeting was enough to make the new ministers aware of their priorities. She didn't leave out her own department health and family welfare. Other departments under scanner are higher education, technical education, and line departments such as irrigation and public works. However, the CM didn't mention about school education and school infrastructure that have been a cause of concern for West Bengal Governor M K Narayanan.The chief minister did a lot of homework before coming to the meeting. She carried all the relevant papers with her and files that she had gone through and marked leaving little room for department secretaries to give general replies. The chief minister's ire was directed to the red-tapism when inter-departmental files were taking ages to be cleared. The chief minister didn't name Tehatta firing but came down heavily upon the police for not getting information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17315825", "title": "Laser in dentistry makes drills, injections useless", "text": "NAGPUR: The prospect of undergoing a surgery, specially dental surgery, scares the bravest among us due to the pain associated with it. Imagine a technique that can eliminate all the pain from surgeries. Using laser technique, which doctors call a medical revolution, many of the most common surgeries and procedures can be done in a pain-free, convenient manner. This technology is also helping dentistry gain confidence of people.As some young dentists got together to celebrate their completing a course in laser dentistry, their alma mater Datta Meghe Institute of Medical Sciences organized 'Doctor Smile Conclave', that was co-hosted by University of Geneva. The diploma course conducted at the college was in collaboration with the Italian university.\"There is no such course offered at any Indian university, so we had to collaborate with University of Geneva that awarded diplomas to our first batch of students to complete the course,\" said Dr K Rajnikanth, associate professor of the oral pathology at Sharad Pawar Dental College. Dr Stefano Benedicenti, dean of the endo and restorative department as well as the laser department of the Italian university, who is also the president of the International Masters Course in laser dentistry, interacted with the students.\"The quality of dental treatment has gone up tremendously because of technologies like laser and piezo that make it easier to cut through bones. They also make the treatment more predictable, comfortable and minimally invasive. A practitioner using it, however, must ensure he learns these skills from an expert and has a good amount of practice under him before using it independently. Laser also makes post-operative recovery faster,\" he said. Talking about the procedures that are most commonly done using laser technology, he mentions dental bleaching (or whitening), removal of wrinkles around the mouth and laser liposuction in the lower third of the face.Dr Vidya Baliga, an associate professor in periodontology at Sharad Pawar Dental College, says that in India the most common procedures where laser could be utilized include depigmentation, crown lengthening (for people with gummy smiles), removal of freckles and wrinkles. \"In procedures like root canal operation, laser can be used for sterilization, while in case of oral cancer , benign tumours and precancerous lesions can also be removed through laser,\" she added.Laser frees the dentists from the drills and injections that scare most people, believes Dr Alex Matthews, course director of University of Geneva for India and the head of the prosthodontics department at PMS College of Dental Sciences and Research, Thiruvananthapuram. \"Directing the laser beam, which has high energy , towards a tooth numbs the nerve fibres attached to it. This makes surgery a bloodless and painless affair devoid of stitches. Also, it offers a great precision so only the faulty part of the tooth is cut off. The healing starts the minute the removal is done by allowing the body's own healing mechanism to set in,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17315460", "title": "Court notice to govt on acid victim", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking cognizance of a petition seeking directions for conducting free plastic surgery and rehabilitation of an acid attack victim, Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday issued notice to the Punjab government to respond to the issue.The matter reached the division bench of HC comprising Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rakesh Kumar Jain through a PIL filed by 'Poor Patients Relief Society' through its secretary, H C Arora, seeking free treatment of one Inderjit Kaur of Morinda, victim of an acid attack. Now the case has been fixed for further hearing on December 18. The petitioner submitted in the PIL that one Manjit Singh of Zirakpur had entered into the house of the victim on December 8, 2011, when she was sitting there with her mother Ranjit Kaur, and threw acid on her face as the victim had earlier declined his offer for marriage.The victim had suffered serious burn injuries on her neck, hands and other body parts. The victim, a BA student, was also teaching in a private school and lost her source of livelihood after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17315800", "title": "Winter session warmer: CM's Rs 5,000 crore welfare budget", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, who is also the state finance minister , will seek his first supplementary budget of around Rs 5,000 crore to fund various new welfare schemes at the forthcoming winter session of the UP Vidhan Sabha, beginning from November 23. The supplementary grants, according to the agenda set by the business advisory committee (BAC) of the House, will be tabled on November 26 and put up for voice vote on November 27. The BAC that normally meets only a day before the beginning of the session of the House, rushed to meet on Wednesday on request of the ruling Samajwadi Party, which sought a relaxation in the conventional practice due to its pre-occupation with the 74th birthday celebration of its founder and chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on November 22.The winter session of UP Vidhan Sabha scheduled to start on Friday and continue till November 30 is likely to be stormy with Bharatiya Janata Party leaders deciding to stall the proceedings if Samajwadi Party government failed to declare support price for sugarcane farmers before Monday while the Akhilesh government presents its first supplementary budget in the Vidhan Sabha on the same day.Besides the BJP, other members of the opposition like Bahujan Samaj Party are sure to take on the government on the issue of deteriorating law and order situation in the state and rise in number of communal clashes in the state since Samajwadi Party came to power. BSP chief Mayawati has already lambasted the Akhilesh-led government for poor law and order situation in the state while BJP had been raking up the issue from time to time.On plans to stall the House proceeding if the government fails to announce support price for sugarcane farmers, state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi said a meeting with BJP legislative party leader Hukum Singh will be held on Thursday and decide on the future course of action. Bajpayi, however, added that there was no use of House functioning normally if the state government was least concerned about the sugarcane farmers who have been waiting for the declaration of support price for the sugarcane.Though the session will begin from Friday, it will begin function full on only from Monday as the first the day of the session will be adjourned after condolence for state cabinet minister for sports late Kameshwar Upadhyaya followed by two days off on Saturday and Sunday. There would be no House proceeding on November 28 on account of Kartik Purnima and Guru Nanak Jayanti.Speaker Mata Prasad Pandey convened an all-party meeting seeking cooperation from the Opposition to smoothly run the House. The Speaker expressed hope that like previous session, all parties will cooperate and would take up issues related to common man on the floor of the house and indulge in healthy debate over the issues. Those present on the occasion included Leader of Opposition and senior BSP leader Swami Prasad Maurya, BJP legislative party leader Hukkum Singh, Congress legislative party leader Pradeep Mathur and Peace Party's Dr Ayub.During the working four-day session, the government is likely to table bills related to reduction of term of chairmen and presidents of various cooperatives and other and re-christening of the medical college in the city as King George Medical College, said principal secretary (vidhan sabha) Pradeep Dubey.While supplementary budget will be tabled on November 26, it will be passed on November 27. A total of eight bills are expected to be tabled and passed during the winter session. The bills would be related to UP Lok Sewa (reservation for scheduled caste/tribe and other backward categories) Amendment Bill 2012, UP State Universities Amendment Bill 2012, UP Cooperative Committees Amendment Bill 2012, Amendment Bill with regard to scrapping of UP Law Commission and Water management and regulatory commission and UP Municipal Council Amendment Bill 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17316254", "title": "IIM-T city centre opens, Trichy to get 2 more premier institutes", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu is set to bolster its reputation as the seat of learning in the country with the setting up of two more national institutions. Trichy has been chosen to host a National Law School and an Indian Institute of Information Technology (IIIT).The state already has an IIIT in Kancheepuram, and has made provisions for the law school in the Tamil Nadu National Law School Act 2012, brought out in February. Additional chief secretary T S Sridhar was speaking after inaugurating the Chennai centre of IIM-Trichy at Ekkatuthangal on Wednesday. The first batch of the three-year postgraduate programme in business management for working executives has been using the 4,000sqft building since August.Sridhar said that the ministry of human resource development was in the process of clearing another IIIT in Tamil Nadu. It is one of the 20 IIITs proposed by the ministry under the public private partnership mode proposed in the 11th Five Year Plan. \"We chose Trichy because land is available. We need close to 20 acres for the project,\" he said.Chairperson of the programme Suresh Paul Antony said the centre was started to meet the need for formal management education among working executives in Chennai. As many as 38 students, including two women, with work experiences ranging from three to eight years have enrolled in the first batch. \"We wanted to start the centre right away as we are looking to flaunt some alumni by 2015,\" professor Antony said.Chairman of the IIM-Trichy board of governors M Damodaran said IIM-Trichy was started a year after the other new IIMs because the board was firm that the institute should have a full-time director and space of its own. He said this has allowed the institute to start a satellite centre even as the first batch of students have not passed out yet. \"We will take some time to discover our true strengths, but we are confident of addressing the social infrastructure segments. We will give sectors such as healthcare, education and manufacturing the required management inputs,\" Damodaran said.To utilise the infrastructure, IIM-Trichy has plans to start short-term certification programmes and management development programmes in collaboration with industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320348", "title": "Raqesh Vashisht\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s hidden talent", "text": "It was a chance encounter with a series of paintings on Ballerina adorning a corporate office signed in his name that lead us to the 'artist' behind the 'artiste' Raqesh Vashisht.We discovered that these were not his one-off works, in fact the actor, who is currently playing a lead in a daily soap, manages to paint around four canvases every month, such is his passion. And unlike some actors who took to the brush much later in life, to broaden their creative horizons, Raqesh isn't new to it. He has been painting since he was a kid and his works have won a National award as well. Though he doesn't remember exactly when, he says, \"I took a pencil and paper and it just flowed.\"You don't need a curator's eye to say that his acrylic works manifest a sense of serenity. The subjects are closer home, and he lends them his own interpretation. \"Ever since cell phone cameras came into being, I click pictures randomly of whatever appeals to me. However, it's never copied on the canvas like it's in the photographs. I like to only capture the feel.\"Some other times, he just surrenders himself to the colours and the canvas, he says. \"Some times when I paint, I don't know what's going to come out. Even I am surprised with what finally emerges,\" he confesses. However, whether he knows where he's going or not, he is very particular about the theme and the subject of his works. \"When I want to put a painting on my wall, I'd want it to tell a story, and not a dark story. My works have no blood or darkness to it,\" so much that when he painted a rag picker, he lent her quite some glamour. \"I just gave the picture a thought process, dreams of a woman from that world.\"In spite of him rendering his own interpretations, his works have a sense of simplicity that could be attributed to an unusual influence he had as a kid. \"In the compound of an old temple near my house was a man who'd paint and sculpt. \"He had me intrigued. I'd watch him for hours. I learned so many things from him.\"Over the years, he has of course improvised his techniques for finer works. \"Four years ago, when I was renovating my house, I observed the masons and picked up the knife trick from them.\" Now he has hung up his brushes, and it's only knife and fingers for him. \"It less of a hassle,\" he feels.He is also particular about his colours and black holds a special preference, as, \"It accentuates the subject like no other colour can. It's not the strokes or the sketch that really make a painting, but the colours. Red and orange are also typically me.\"And his favourite subject is, of course, women. Especially since he says he's good with expressions, eyes being his strength to convey them. \"Their mysterious qualities can be portrayed well on canvas.\"Though the actor's works have created quite a buzz around them, with the most recent going for a neat six figure sum, it's funny how he had to paint in front of his friends to prove that it's indeed him and not a ghost painter. \"Even Riddhi (his fiance) keeps saying that she doesn't believe it's me. Now that we are getting married, she'll get to see me paint every often. Her doubts will be put to rest soon,\" he says laughing.Raqesh is also planning to hold an exhibition in November, he tells us. \"I definitely want people to see my works. Expect to see a lot of variety.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17317851", "title": "Sand quarry truck owners strike work in Trichy district", "text": "TRICHY: More than 500 sand truck owners from across Trichy district staged a protest in Kilikoodu on Wednesday over a dispute in sand loading at a government quarry in Cauvery river in the city. The protesters demanded to abandon the priority reportedly given to the sand trucks from nearby villages. Due to this, the routine business at the sand quarry came to a standstill.A government-run sand quarry has been functioning in Kilikkodu. As many as 800 trucks from Trichy and other districts transport sand from the quarry every day. The sand is usually loaded onto those trucks that obtain tokens issued at the quarry site. At this juncture, the sand truck owners from across the district raised an issue that priority was reportedly being given to the trucks from Thiruvalarsolai, Panayapuram, Uthamarseeli and Melakondayampettai, the villages near the Kilikoodu quarry. On the other hand, the trucks from other parts of the districts were made to wait for three days at the site.The issue had been raging in the quarry since Tuesday. As many as 500 trucks struck work and were parked in the quarry site. Since officials from the public works department did not come to pacify them on Tuesday the sand truck owners continued their protest on Wednesday morning and interrupted the sand loading process. It was then the issue was taken up with the executive engineer of RC division, P Balasubramanian.He held talks with the truck owners on Wednesday evening. After meeting with the truck owners, Balasubramanian told TOI, \"Whenever there is a scarcity of sand, such problems would arise. However, the PWD officials did not give priority to anyone. The truck owners must have a mutual understanding within themselves, otherwise such problems would continue to last. We assured them that the sand would be given as per procedure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17315980", "title": "Om Puri urges govt to support art house films", "text": "PANAJI: Creative art house films have taken a backseat for long and lived a life bowing to the overwhelming world of commercial hero-centric films of Indian cinema. With information and broadcasting (I&B;) secretary Uday Kumar Verma and officials of the directorate of film festivals present, fim actor Om Puri would not let go of an opportunity like the inaugural of the Indian Panorama to point out that creative filmmakers can wait no more for their illusive turn in the spotlight.Verma, in his speech, proudly pointed to the 43 entries for the Indian Panorama section in the feature film category, of which 20 were picked for screening at the international film festival of India (Iffi), and 147 non-feature films of which 19 were selected for screening. Verma promised to 'step up resources' available to documentary filmmakers by hiking the budget to create a support system for non-feature films and a single-window clearance for film shootings.When it was Om Puri's turn as the chief guest to address the gathering, he introduced the bureaucrats to some ground realities. \"Indian Panorama showcases the diversity of Indian cultures, languages, cuisines. Through it people realize that Indian film industry does not only mean Hindi movies. There are so many wonderful films being made by so many Indian filmmakers, but they are lying in cans. These films need government support.\"Puri asked Verma to look into setting up a separate channel or allotting an exclusive slot on Doordarshan to telecast these movies.Puri also asked the bureaucrats present to watch movies made on issues like the Naxal problem and not turn a blind eye to them. \"Some of these films deal passionately and sincerely with the problems our regions face. They do it without passing any judgment. Chakravuyh is one recent film which deals with the Naxal issue which is roughly affecting 260 districts in India. Policy makers may not find the time to go to the interiors and understand these issues, but they can do so from films.\"Indian Panorama opened with the non-feature film Celluloid Man directed by Shivendra Singh, based on P K Nair who found the National Film Archive and is credited with single-handedly preserving India's film heritage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17317809", "title": "M.I.A magic to woo Kochiites", "text": "KOCHI: Maverick musician M.I.A, who was nominated for an Academy and Grammy Award in a single year, will mesmerize Kochiites with a high-voltage performance for the inaugural function of the Kochi-Muziris Biennale on December 12.The New York and London-based musician, songwriter and artist of Sri Lankan origin was in Kochi on Wednesday to talk about her first stage performance in India. The music and fashion diva, who was named by the Time magazine as one of the world's 100 most influential people in the 21st century, said that her stage performance would highlight concerns for ecology and environment as well as inclusive economic development.\"Getting nominated for the Grammy Award was the fulfillment of the American dream. This is the Indian dream,\" she said, addressing a press conference.She wants to remove the stamp of elitism from art and culture and make it accessible for the masses. \"I want to take the art out of the galleries, especially for young children,\" said the 37-year-old artist-musician-philanthropist who is on her third visit to Kerala.\"I want to bridge the gap between the East and the West through art forms. The show won't be too serious. I would like all children to come and see it,\" said M.I.A. Born as Mathangi 'Maya' Arulpragasam, the musician acquired the acronym of M.I.A (Missing In Action).\"I know that Kochi is the original cosmopolitan region in India. Also, I like the idea of trying something new.\"About her future projects, she revealed that a new single will come out next month. A documentary is also to follow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17315092", "title": "Justice done, at last: 26/11 victims' families", "text": "PATNA: Several survivors and relatives of the victims of 26/11 (2008) Mumbai terror attack hailed the execution of Ajmal Amir Kasab , the sole surviving gunman of the attack who was nabbed and jailed.As soon as the news of Kasab's hanging in Pune's Yerwada Jail was announced on Wednesday morning, many heaved a sigh of relief saying justice has been done, at last.Sashi Gupta, uncle of Vinod Gupta from Sheikhpura, who was killed in the terror attack said, \"It was much awaited news. We can only thank God that justice has been done. However, many of the culprits are still moving scot-free. My 25-year-old nephew was killed at the CST while he was to board a train. Unable to bear the shock, Vinod's father had a paralysis attack and is still bedridden.\"Reacting to Kasab's hanging, the mother and father of IIT graduate Malayesh Bannerjee, Mridula and Prof Manabendra Bannerjee said, \"We lost our only child. Nothing can compensate our loss. We are not holding only Kasab responsible for the heinous crime in which dozens of innocent persons were killed mercilessly. The people who sponsored the attack are the real culprits. However, I am happy that the hanging may be a lesson for those %who practise and profess terrorism.\"Malayesh (27), who worked with Reliance Urban Infra Venture Capital in Mumbai, had fallen prey to the terrorists' bullets at Cafe Leopold on November 26, 2008.Malayesh's friend Gaurav Jain, from Indore and also an employee of Urban Infra, was killed in the same shootout. Unable to bear the loss of his only son, Gaurav's father had passed away soon. Reacting to Kasab's hanging, Gaurav's sister said, \"We are, indeed, happy to hear the news. There was a time when we had given up hope for justice. I know my brother will never come back and our loss is irreparable. But, his soul can now rest in peace.\"Gaurav's mother was unable to express her feelings on the phone.Rukhsana Bano, wife of Mokhtar from Nalanda district said, \"I am happy to hear the news. Though the void in my life can never be filled, yet some justice has been done. I also want to see other culprits hanged.\"Mamata Devi, wife of another terror victim, Prakash Mandal from Itwari village in Giridih, who was also killed in the shootout at the CST, was also happy to hear the news. Mandal worked as a daily wage worker in Mumbai. His mother joined the villagers in bursting crackers on Wednesday to celebrate the hanging of Kasab. However, Mamata said neither the state government nor the central government gave compensation to the terror victims' families.\"Our loss can never be compensated. But we are very happy to know that a culprit has been finally hanged. One of our neighbours broke the news to us this morning and it really made our day,\" said Mandal's cousin Amrit, who works in Ranchi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17317038", "title": "Case of missing valuables: Forensic report sought", "text": "KOZHIKODE: City police will forward an application to the forensic department seeking the examination report of the bank locker of the KP Kesava Menon Road Branch of Punjab National Bank from which valuables were found missing on November 2.Though the police have identified the culprits behind the incident, they could not arrest the persons owing to the absence of evidence. The police team requires forensic examination report to prove the role of the suspects in the case.According to officials, the forensic report will help them prove whether the valuables were removed using duplicate key or original key.Police team decided to approach the forensic department with their plea as over 70 cases from north Kerala are pending before the forensic officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17317901", "title": "Man kills self after threats by councillor", "text": "TRICHY: A 42-year-old businessman committed suicide by consuming poison near BHEL in Thiruverumbur in Trichy after recording his visual statement on his mobile phone. His relatives complained that he committed suicide following a threat from five moneylenders to return the loan amount he had borrowed from them, with exorbitant interest. On Wednesday, the relatives, who went to receive the body at the Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Government Hospital (MGMGH), staged a protest demanding a copy of his suicide statement from the police.Police said that K K Saravanan, 42, from Gandhi Nagar in Thiruverumbur was found dead inside a car parked near BHEL, Trichy on Tuesday evening. It was found that he ended his life by consuming poison. BHEL police recovered a mobile phone from the car. The body of Saravanan was sent for postmortem to MGMGH on Tuesday itself but the autopsy was performed on Wednesday morning. However, his relatives refused to receive the body from the police. They demanded the police to give a copy of a statement recorded on his mobile phone as it allegedly incriminated five persons, including an AIADMK corporation councillor Jerald Milton.Lenin, a relative of Saravanan told reporters at the MGMGH, \"Saravanan borrowed Rs 5 lakh loan from Milton and few others for his mineral water business few months ago and he mortgaged his property to the AIADMK councillor. But the councillor asked Saravanan to repay Rs 25 lakh and had been threatening him with dire consequences for the past 10 days. Not knowing what to do, Saravanan recorded his own statement on his mobile phone about the intimidation by the councillor and then committed suicide. The police recovered his mobile phone from the spot. But we have some apprehension that the statement might be edited and the original copy of the statement would not be produced in the court. So, we will not receive the body until the police give a copy of the statement.\"BHEL police inspector Kaveri Ammal held talks with the relatives and after some assurance, they finally received the body in the afternoon. However, there was no written complaint lodged against the Milton and four others so far. Later in the evening, the police handed over the mobile phone to his relatives to take a copy of the statement.Kaveri Ammal told TOI, \"As of now, we have registered a case of suicide. We have not verified the video statement and we have not received any written complaint from Saravanan's family. Action would be taken after thorough investigation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17315667", "title": "Retired top policemen say death penalty was expected", "text": "PUNE: Senior police officials said that a death penalty for Kasab was obvious considering the nature of his crime. They supported the secrecy maintained by the government but felt Kasab's burial could have been delayed.\"After the execution, the home ministry should have asked the Pakistani government to take possession of the body. Only if they had officially rejected it, the body should have been buried,\" said A V Krishnan, a retired Indian Police Services (IPS) officer and former director general of Maharashtra police.The task to bring Kasab from Mumbai to Pune for the death penalty was carried out in an extremely secret manner. He was moved to Pune in the wee hours of Monday morning and lodged at Yerawada jail.Former top cops said maintaining secrecy is needed to carry out any such a high-profile operation successfully. \"There is always a chance that a life-threatening event may take place during such an operation. If the culprit is harmed in any manner then it is not good for the image of the police. It may also seriously impact the overall result of the case. Even in cases of organised crime, the police take precautions and maintain secrecy in transferring culprits from one place to another,\" said Krishnan.Former Inspector general of police SM Mushrif said that to maintain secrecy only those directly involved in executing an operation are told about it.\"Normally, officials such as the chief secretary of home department or extremely senior officials attached to the chief minister and home minister are informed about such an operation. Along with the chief minister, deputy chief minister and home minister are also made aware of such missions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320440", "title": "I owe it to 'Thattathin Marayathu': Nivin Pauly", "text": "Actor Nivin Pauly is enjoying the fame Vineeth Sreenivasan's Thattathin Marayathu earned him. The film has just crossed 125 days at the BO and the actor couldn't ask for more.\"I owe it all to the flick for the perfect re-launch,\" says Nivin, who, after the release of the film, went on to work with prominent directors over the past one year. \"Although the same team was behind the popular film Malarvady Arts Club , Thattathin Marayathu is a totally incomparable experience. Yes, the film will continue to have a special place in my career; my entire life... for, such is the boost it gave to my career as an artist,\" Nivin signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17320776", "title": "Int'l tag for city airport in a few months", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha's long wait for an international airport may finally end next year. The Centre is likely to accord the much sought after status to the Biju Patnaik Airport here within a few months, Union civil aviation secretary K N Srivastava said on Wednesday.Sources said, during a meeting with chief minister Naveen Patnaik , Srivastava said once the airport's new terminal would be ready by mid-December and functional in January, the old terminal could be used for international flights.\"We would need two-three months to make necessary infrastructure arrangements (like immigration and custom check facilities) at the old terminal,\" Srivastava told media persons. \"I don't think there should be any delay as the approval has already been given in principle,\" he added, pointing out that the Centre was looking at allowing overseas flights to the city from 2013.Sources said Srivastava told the CM that the proposal for giving the airport an international tag should go to the Union cabinet in March-April.In September, Union minister for civil aviation Ajit Singh had assured Naveen that the Biju Patnaik airport would be upgraded to an international one soon.\"The Union ministry will advise Air India and other domestic airlines to start international operations from Bhubaneswar,\" Singh had reportedly said.Naveen further asked Srivastava that in additional to Singapore, Thailand and Sri Lanka, the Centre should try to ensure that the state capital had direct air connectivity with the Middle East. This, official sources said, would benefit the state's tourism and other sectors.The state government has also urged the Centre to expand the airstrip at Jharsuguda and develop airstrips at Jeypore and Gopalpur. Sources said Srivastava appeared keen on Jharsuguda but did not commit anything on the other two. Naveen further asked Srivastava to impress upon Air India to restore its flights in the Kolkata-Bhubaneswar and Chennai-Bhubaneswar routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17315992", "title": "Wounds heal, but scars remain", "text": "JAIPUR: Year 2008. Date: 26/11. It's been four difficult years. They say time heals wounds, but this wound is beyond repair.City girl Niti was killed in that devastating night, but her memories are fresh and vivid in the minds of her family members.Niti, wife of Karambir Kang, the then general manager of Taj hotel, who lost his wife and two children in the attack.Today almost four years later, Niti's brother Sachin Bhatnagar says, \"Nothing can make us happy again. \"I am sad because the government took so long to execute him though he was proved guilty. Justice delayed is justice denied.\"Bhatnagar who has a fair knowledge of astrology said, his sister used to force him to read her horoscope and predict her future. She also wanted to know what would happen to her sons. \"The last time when I met her, she looked a trifle worried about her future. It seemed that she had a premonition about some danger lurking. But, I was unlucky as I failed to realise that she would leave us so suddenly in this manner,\" Bhatnagar said.\"Kasab's execution should have happened much earlier. Niti and her two sons suffocated to death in their suite due to the leaping flames following the terrorists' attack,\" he said.She was temporarily living in the hotel as they (the Kangs) were about to shift to their new accommodation when the incident took place. \"They were planning to shift in December,\" he said.Remembering the incident, he said, \"Niti and her two sons were chocked to death. They could not come out as the killers were firing indiscrminately,\" he said.Her husband Karambir was not present with them. He was busy helping other guests.Bhatnagar said, \"The government should learn a lesson from the incident and ensure that such incidents never happen again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17317769", "title": "Cusat\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s land: Allegation not genuine, rules Kerala high court", "text": "KOCHI: The allegation against Cochin University of Science and Technology (CUSAT) that five acres of its campus land is missing is not genuine, the Kerala high court has ruled.The petitioner, Girish Babu of Kalamassery, had alleged that a total of 183.47 acres was handed over to Cusat by Kerala University in 1971 and five acres was found to be missing when a resurvey was conducted in 1996. Cusat officials are not taking any action to find the missing land, he had alleged.Cusat's standing counsel P M A Kalam had contended that only less than one per cent of the total land was missing and such a narrow difference was within acceptable limits.Noting the submission of the university's standing counsel that it was Cusat that initiated the resurvey of its land, the division bench comprising chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice AM Shaffique held that necessary action has been indicated by the university.Ruling against the petitioner, the court held that it doesn't find any genuineness in the allegations by the petitioner that the university was negligent and having no concern with regard to its property.The survey department had also informed the court that the difference between the actual land in possession of Cusat and what was handed over to the university was less than one per cent of the total area, which falls within allowable limits.Appearing for the state government, state attorney P Vijayaraghavan had submitted to the court that the missing area may be traced if another survey was conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17316399", "title": "Grandeur gets new gloss", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With some of the rarest paintings, sculptures and bronzes preserved at the LD Museum in Navrangpura, art teacher, historian and critic, Ratan Parimoo gave a detailed description on the collection at the backdrop of the World Heritage week. The insight was an eye opener for many who would have wanted to know about the origin of Jain scrolls and some of the world's rarest artifacts. The collection at the museum was largely donated by Madhuri Desai. Parimoo explained the evolution of various styles that modified Indian art form. Paintings of Abanindranath and Gaganendranath Tagore on display are examples of influence of the different regions and rulers of India. Few paintings present in the museum are from the collection of the philosopher of Indian art of the Modern age, Ananda Kentish Coomaraswamy. The collection includes rare works like paintings of Vishnu avataras as imagined by painters of olden times, Jahangir Farman painted in 1610 A.D. and sculptures like Buddha head from 5 BC.Also, the revival of the Bhadra precinct that is the brain child of renowned architect Balkrishna Doshi, includes in making the historical core valuable to promote public transport and for having maximum accessibility to the area. The Bhadra fort is the first largest monument made by Ahmad Shah. In the present times, the fort more often serves as the venue for conducting public celebrations.At a public presentation of the project in the walled city, Doshi said that the goal of the project was to focus on the historical artifacts, highlight the things that have been missed. Also to project the area and the fort precinct in particular as the nerve centre for the city and its history. The aim is to make it an important destination for the tourist as well as local population to identify with its past and present. Management plays a vital role as there are innumerable aspects that need to be taken care of, like the traffic which needs constant supervision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17317896", "title": "No one hired dancers for raunchy freshers' party!", "text": "VADODARA: Who had hired dancers to the raunchy freshers' party at Rabindranath Tagore Hall at M S University's Polytechnic College hostel campus last month? An internal fact-finding committee appointed by the hostel administration has submitted its report to the university administration without any conclusion.The five member committee's report exonerates the then warden of R T Hall, Ashish Guruji who was accused by leaders of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) for hiring the dancers. But it fails to point out who had roped in the dancers that had performed on item songs like 'Munni Badnam Hui Darling Tere Liye' and 'Pal Pal Na Mane Tinku Jiya'.The row over dancers playing to the tunes of raunchy numbers in front of hundreds of students at the hall had surfaced last month after Guruji and ABVP leaders accused each other for hiring an orchestra during a welcome party at the hall.The committee formed by hostel administration under the convenership of deputy chief warden Vijay Parmar in its report even states that the executive committee of students of the hall do not seem to have performed any role in arranging the welcome party. Ironically, the report states that the committee was not provided the list of funds collected from students by the executive committee. This means that the committee has neither been able to point the expenditure incurred for calling the orchestra nor has been able to identify the persons responsible for calling the dancers.Instead of finding the required facts, the committee has preferred to give sermons by recommending that DJ parties, freshers' party and annual parties should not be held at the hostel campus and the expenditure incurred in organizing such parties should be utilized for maintenance and development of hostels.MSU administration on their part has now decided to hand over the probe to another committee. \"This committee was supposed to submit an internal report about the incident. The vice-chancellor has already formed a committee under proctor Dr Shailendra Kushwaha which will now start its probe into the incident,\" officer on special duty (registrar) Dr Amit Dholakia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17317856", "title": "Congress finalizes names of seven candidates for city", "text": "SURAT: Political parties have started to finalize the names of their candidates for the 12 seats in the city as the last date for filing of the nomination papers is fast approaching.The five-member scrutiny committee of Shankarsinh Vaghela, Shaktisinh Gohil, Mohan Prakash, RPN Singh and CP Joshi has finalized the names along with the candidates for south Gujarat and Saurashtra. The list would be announced by Thursday morning.At least one candidate will be asked to fill in the nomination papers on Thursday itself, the sources said.The last date for filing of nomination papers for the first phase of elections in Gujarat is November 24. South Gujarat and Saurashtra go to polls in the first phase on December 13.Kadir Pirzada is among the candidates whose name has been cleared. He will file his nomination papers from Surat East assembly constituency.This constituency is dominated by voters belonging to minority community. Of 1.98 lakh voters, 78,000 are Muslims and 14,000 belong to SCST communities.It is represented at present by BJP minister Ranjit Gilitwala. In the last four elections, BJP has won it thrice and Congress once. The winning margin has never been more than 3,000 votes.The names of other candidates finalized by Congress for the city are Dhanpat Jain from Majura, Satish Patel from Choryasi, Dhansukh Kachadia from Surat North and Mohan Dhanji Patel from Karanj and Dhiru Gajera from Varacha.\"Officially the list is yet to be announced. However, we don't expect any last minute change in the list,\" said city unit Congress president Ashok Jirawala.\"There is likelihood of more than one candidate filling in the nomination papers. The party mandate would be given later,\" Pirzada said.Koli Patels had demanded two seats of Choryasi and Olpad. The name of Satish Patel, a sitting councillor of Bhestan ward, has been finalized.Jayesh Patel, a farmer leader, or Girish Patel could be another Koli Patel candidate, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17316954", "title": "BJP leaders question secrecy surrounding Kasab's hanging", "text": "NASHIK: Citizens on Wednesday celebrated hanging of terrorist Ajmal Kasab in Pune, while the BJP leaders questioned the element of secrecy in the hanging. As the news about the execution spread, citizens took to bursting firecrackers in the streets at some places.\"The firmness shown in executing a terrorist like Kasab, within four years of the terror attack which had killed 166 people, shows the courage of the central and state governments in taking decisions,\" said Akash Chhajjed, city unit president of the Congress.Refraining from any celebrations, district Congress chief Rajaram Pangavhane said that such a move by the government would discourage people like Kasab who are dreaming of assaulting the democratic structure of the nation. \"Our government has shown the strength in the lawful execution of a terrorist. This reflects the transparent manner in which our government and the judiciary function.\"NCP MLC Jayant Jadhav said, \"The government has set a precedent in executing terrorists and we hope that terrorists like Afzal Guru would meet the same fate.\" The government had shown great courage in hanging Kasab and actions like this would promote patriotic feelings, he added.The BJP leaders, however, condemned the secrecy in the whole act. \"While the central and state governments should have acted swiftly in the issue, they preferred maintaining secrecy,\" BJP city unit chief Laxman Savji said.\"If the government was afraid of any attacks, as it appeared from the statements issued, it only showed how weak it was when it came to execution of terrorists,\" Savji added.MNS MLA Nitin Bhosale said, \"This is the day that will go down the annals of the country's history. Unfortunately, the countrymen missed the opportunity to celebrate the day. We still believe that the execution of Kasab will send a message round the globe that India is not a soft state. Now, the focus is on Afzal Guru, convicted for attack on Parliament of India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17315512", "title": "States asked to avert backlash against Kasab's hanging", "text": "NEW DELHI: As Ajmal Kasab was being hanged, the Centre issued an advisory to all the state warning them of possible attempts by certain extremist elements to create communal tension and cause mischief to register their protest.The advisory, sent on Wednesday morning, seeks stepped up policing in communally-sensitive areas. An MHA official said there were fears that remnants of SIMI and Indian Mujahideen elements across several states could stage a backlash against Kasab hanging. States were told of attempts to spread rumours with a design to create communal tension.A veil of secrecy was maintained ahead of Kasab's hanging to avert a public debate over his impending execution as well as criticism for the out-of-turn execution in the terrorist's case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17315261", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcPolitics seems to have forced Congress hand\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Santosh Koutalkar (29), who helped in the rescue efforts at CST on the night of the terror attacks, said politics played a role in the execution of Pakistani national Ajmal Kasab.\"The turnout at Sena chief Balasaheb Thackeray's funeral must have definitely scared the Congress. Kasab's execution came as a surprise as everyone expected Afzal Guru's to be hanged first,\" Koutalkar said. \"I am happy that he has been hanged now and justice is done to those families who lost their loved ones,\" he added. Koutalkar and senior inspector Dilip Mane moved transported bodies in hand carts. \"I cannot forget the day it was reported that a box containing explosives was found in the luggage dumped in the GRP office,\" he said.\"I had helped in moving the unclaimed luggage and other articles along with the policemen and other boys. We then washed the station area,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17317688", "title": "EU aid in hand, corpn plans to revamp waste collection", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Coimbatore municipal corporation is all set to implement a new project within its limits in an attempt to revive the primary collection and segregation of household garbage, essential for the success of its ambitious solid waste management project.This time the civic body is also getting financial aid from the European Union to implement the new scheme in which one particular ward has been identified on a pilot basis to ensure cent percent collection and segregation of household garbage being sent to the municipal dump yard. The civic body will be receiving a grant of RS 85 lakh from the EU towards the project which has been titled Shoonya- Zero Waste Management Project.\"Presently, one ward has been selected on a pilot basis and soon it will be extended to all other areas. Our aim is to ensure maximum efficiency in waste management in our city,\" said TK Ponnusamy, Commissioner, Coimbatore municipal corporation.The project involves elaborate awareness campaigns to reinstate the need for proper segregation of waste before handing it out to the corporation staff. The conservancy workers of the corporation will also be given special training and orientation to ensure proper daily collection of segregated waste from city households. On a pilot basis, ward no 23 near RS Puram has been identified to test the project and it will be emulated across the corporation based on the results.Residents will also be encouraged to use kitchen waste as manure in their household gardens wherever possible instead of disposing it off as garbage.\"The ward has been identified and the project will be implemented with the active participants of citizens and like-minded organisations,\" said Chella Krishnan from Iclei South Asia, one of the main organisations involved in the project. Apart from door to door collection of waste materials, the project will also focus on roping in the services of various stake holders including hoteliers, residents' associations, marriage halls, departmental stores and grocery outlets to ensure a broader reach for the programme.A committee of stake holders has been finalised which includes various members from these above mentioned organisations to supervise and implement the project along with city corporation officials.The project with European Union's backing is being implemented only in two cities in the country apart from the hilly terrain of Shimla. The nodal agency for implementing the project is Municipal Association of Nepal (MuAn) which is a collection of municipalities in Nepal. The project is being implemented here in Coimbatore through Iclei South Asia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17315907", "title": "Scandals can start from here: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "MARGAO: While chief minister Manohar Parrikar was apparently amused on seeing the extravagant expenditure made on the under-construction South Goa district collectorate, he could not conceal his annoyance on seeing long dark alleys leading to private rest rooms.Seeing Parrikar coming out of a passage, health minister Laxmikant Parsekar- who had them just joined in - asked Parrikar where the passage leads to. \"This leads to a dark room where one can enjoy,\" the chief minister replied, somewhat in jest.Turning to mediapersons, Parrikar voiced his concern. \"Scandals can start from here,\" he remarked, irritation clearly writ large on his face.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17314661", "title": "Kasab hanged with rope meant for Afzal Guru?", "text": "PATNA: The rope used to hang death convicts in India is known to be exclusively manufactured by inmates of Bihar's Buxar jail. Since the Yerwada jail authorities did not requisition any rope for hanging Kasab, Bihar prisons authorities believe he was hanged with the rope requisitioned for Afzal Guru as the two had almost same height and weight.The rope for Afzal was requisitioned by the Tihar jail authorities from the Bihar home (prisons) department after the Supreme Court in 2004 awarded him the capital punishment which was to be carried out in October 2006 but was later stayed.\"The deputy superintendent of Tihar jail came with the requisition in October 2006,\" a Bihar home (prisons) official said and added the Tihar official had even gone to the Buxar jail to watch the making of the rope and furnish the details of Afzal's height and weight to Buxar jail officials.The rope was prepared as per the requirement and delivered to the Tihar official on payment of Rs 860. \"The rope is handed over by person to person only,\" said Bihar prisons department's director (industries) B C P Singh.The Bihar prisons department did not receive any such requisition for Kasab. \"But Buxar central jail has been the sole producer of hanging ropes, known as Manila rope, in India since 1930,\" a senior Bihar official said. While maintaining that Kasab must have been executed with the help of the rope meant for Afzal, the official said they would be happy to get a confirmation on this from the Pune jail authorities.The ideal length of a hanging rope should be 1.6 times more than the height of the convict. It requires 67% relative humidity in open air to make the Manila rope. The location of the Buxar jail - near the Ganga - provides ideal atmospheric condition for production of the perfect rope, Singh said.According to Singh, there is one ropemaking machine at the Buxar central jail and eight prisoners are trained in the twist-and-torque technique to make the rope for which they get Rs 121 each as their daily wage.\"After the rope is prepared, ripe banana is applied continuously to it for two days before the hanging so as to smoothen it,\" Singh said and added the J-34 cotton used for making the rope was brought from Cotton Corporation of India, Bhathinda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17315274", "title": "Kasab's hanging evokes no response in Jammu &amp; Kashmir", "text": "SRINAGAR: Barring one incident of tyre burning by some youth, there was no reaction to the conviction of Mumbai attack executioner Ajmal Kasab's hanging on Wednesday. Interestingly, over a dozen separatist groups in the Valley remained silent on the issue even as Hurriyat hardliner Syed Ali Shah Geelani rejected Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde's offer for talks saying it's astonishing that a person so high up in the hierarchy was unable to understand the aspirations of the Kashmiri people.Advising Shinde to remember the sacrifices of the people of Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Geelani said, \"This is a mockery and India and its agencies are deliberately making such invitations for talks to mislead the world.\"The separatist leader further said, \"Sacrifices by the people of J&K; are recognized by world bodies and you cannot ignore this. J&K; was sovereign until 1947 and as per norms it had to decide its political future but India invaded and annexed it without the consent of the people,\" said Geelani.Cops foiled attempts at disruption of traffic by some youth and burnt rejected rubber tyres at Budshah chowk in Srinagar. JKLF, an outfit which is active in Maisuma in Budshah chowk, said it had nothing to do with the tyre burning protest.Independent MLA from Langate in Kupwara, Engineer Rashid, equated Kasab with \"black sheep in uniform\". He said there were dozens of Kasabs roaming free in uniform in J &amp; K and are being protected by the state under the garb of patriotism and in the name of serving national interest. Rashid added that people who are justifying the death punishment should know that just hanging someone is no solution to the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "krishnagar", "code": "17316574", "title": "CID questions Tehatta SDO", "text": "KRISHNAGAR: CID probing the November 14 Tehatta firing case questioned SDO of Tehatta Sudipta Bhattacharya on Wednesday and they will follow it up by recording the statement of IC, Tehatta, Debabrata Pouranick, who is already under the scanner for deserting SDPO Sailesh in the face of a mob.Bhattacharya admitted before the CID officers that the role of BLLRO, who was sent to the disputed site to measure the 12 decimal land on November 7, was wrongly misinterpreted by the puja organizers as a go-ahead. The SDO admitted that when he went to the spot the next day to remove the makeshift pandals, the first seed of the discontent that snowballed into a mass frenzy was sowed. Pouranick is likely to be questioned on Thursday.He also admitted that the issue has been lingering for long and an attempt was made in September to resolve it by developing a children's park on the disputed land. While this would have taken time, the puja organizers had initially agreed to another plot of land for the puja only to retract later.The SDO \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who was earlier posted in Purulia's Bagmundi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d gave a clean chit to SDPO Shailesh and admitted that it was perhaps the failure of the civil administration to depute an executive magistrate in time. \"Police had not only informed us of the prospective law and order situation well in advance but also sent a requisition for an executive magistrate apprehending trouble,\" CID officers quoted the SDO as saying.Preliminary probe suggests that while the law and order arrangements were in place, police were heavily outnumbered by the mob. \"The decision to embark upon a lathicharge appeared to be wrong and the two bodyguards assigned to the SDPO were responsible for it. It was then the IC, who was with the SDPO with a contingent of 25 personnel, scampered for cover. In fact, the IC had sought refuge in the home of a local woman\" an investigator said.For the moment, CID has taken control of the FIR lodged by the SDPO himself naming 18 persons. Among them, four are already in custody. CID officers, who had been to the deceased Asoke Sen Sharma's home on Wednesday, were informed by his kin that they have no intention to lodge any complaint against anyone and expressed satisfaction at the steps the state government has assured them \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a job for the next of kin and a Rs 2 lakh compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319801", "title": "Jacqueline set to impress with stunts in 'Race 2'", "text": "Actress Jacqueline Feranandez showed her daring side when she performed a combat sequence in her upcoming slick thriller \" Race 2 \".In the film, Jacqueline will be seen performing a fencing sequence using swords and knives, with Saif Ali Khan in tow. The film releases Jan 25.Fencing is a sport of armed combat using three weapons - foil, epee and saber. Jacqueline learned and performed the epee and sabre centred-fencing sequence, which combines the use of swords, knives and cavalry weapons.\"We got two experts from Vietnam to teach her. A sequence like this needs style and grace and you can't hurry it up or it will not be justified. Jacqueline, on her part, worked hard for two months to learn the moves,\" said Abbas of the director duo Abbas-Mustan.\"She wore a fitted costume showing off her curves, with her hair flowing loose. Head gear is worn during fencing, but if we did that people would have assumed a stunt double was doing the scene. So we took cinematic liberty and left her hair loose which looks good with the moves and proves that she's doing the stunt,\" he added.The actress was gung-ho about performing her stunts and refused to use a body double.\"When Jacqueline was briefed about the scene, she was quite excited and decided that she wanted to perform the stunt herself,\" said an insider.\"On the day of the shoot, Peter Haines (action director) and Abbas-Mustan were amazed with how much she had learned. In addition to the fencing combat, the scene also involved front and back flips which she practiced for extensively and finally gave her take without even any harness,\" the insider added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17317088", "title": "Muscular teen boys more likely to live longer", "text": "LONDON: Muscular teen boys are likely to live longer than their 'not so fit' peers, a new study has found. The effect of poor muscular fitness in young men is similar to well established risk factors for early death, such as obesity and high blood pressure, researchers say. Swedish experts , who tracked more than a million teenage boys for 24 years, found those with low muscle strength, weaker leg, arm muscles and a limp grip \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are at increased risk of early death.Researchers behind the British Medical Journal ( BMJ) study believe muscle strength reflects general fitness , which would explain the link, the 'BBC News' reported.Experts stress the findings do not mean muscle building makes you live longer, however , the link between early death and muscle power remained in the study.During the study, thin and fat men alike fared worse in terms of life expectancy if they had weaker than average muscles, while more burly men had better survival odds even if they were overweight.As many as 26,145 (2.3%) of the men died over the course of the study. The leading single cause of death was accidental injury, followed by suicide , cancer, heart disease and stroke. The teenagers who scored above average on muscular strength at the start of the study had a 20-35 % lower risk of early death from any cause and also from cardiovascular diseases, the report said. They also had a 20-30 % lower risk of early death from suicide and were up to 65% less likely to have any psychiatric diagnosis, such as schizophrenia or depression.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "17317084", "title": "Survey to identify illegal shrines in Delhi", "text": "DELHI: The Delhi government on Wednesday decided to conduct a survey for identifying illegal religious structures on roads, parks and other public places in the city. The decision was taken at a cabinet meeting presided over by the chief minister. The revenue department will conduct the survey and prepare a list of structures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17319669", "title": "Kajal Aggarwal in 'You &amp; I' cover shoot", "text": "Pretty actress Kajal Aggarwal shot for 'You &amp; I' magazine cover page stills in Hyderabad recently. 'You &amp; I' is an Indian national Lifestyle and Entertainment magazine.Kajal Aggarwal would be featuring Tarun Tahliani's exquisite bridal lehenga collection. She was wearing a red Tarun Tahiliani lehenga from his latest bridal collection.Tarun Tahiliani is a noted Indian fashion designer. He is best known for his ability to infuse Indian craftsmanship and textile heritage with European tailored silhouette. His signature is to combine traditional aesthetics with modern design.Meanwhile Kajal Aggarwal is on cloud nine after her latest release ' Thuppakki ' was declared a grosser at the box office.Image Courtesy: Kajal Aggarwal's facebook page", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17315878", "title": "Now, sand extraction within 1km of sanctuary", "text": "PANAJI: The Molem area of the Bhagwan Mahavir wildlife sanctuary is being ravaged by laterite quarrying, and now wildlife activists are upset that sand extraction is also being carried out within 100 metres of the buffer zone in Zamboli river.Quarrying activity in upstream areas has been rampant during the past few years. \"Sporadic sand quarrying is being carried out in Zamboli for the last few weeks,\" Jayesh Kamat, an activist of union of wildlife activists alleged.Stacks of river sand are seen piled up on the banks of Zamboli stream. The location is not far from three laterite quarries, including two in Gouliwada and one in Zamboli itself, being worked near the rim of the wildlife sanctuary.Sand extraction commences soon after the monsoon recedes over Goa. \"The few labourers start extraction in downstream areas and then keep moving upstream, depending on the flow of the water,\" Saish Khandeparker, president of union of wildlife activists said.The activists have complained to the authorities in the past. \"When we approach the authorities, they do act, but the activity resumes after a lull,\" Kamat said.The quarries and sand extraction are close to the limits of the 133sq km wildlife sanctuary, but all within the one-km zone.Sand extraction is permitted in estuaries within areas of tidal fluctuations, if it is regulated by the revenue authorities through an expert committee, but is totally banned in upstream areas, as per the CRZ 2011, sources said.Truckloads of sand of extremely good quality are taken away from these sites. \"The authorities are under pressure not to act against the illegalities,\" an official conceded.The Zamboli tributary is not a perennial one. It originates in Khaskhond within the core area of the sanctuary and joins the River Ragda, which flows into River Mhadei at Bimball, Usgao.Officials from Dharbandora mamlatdar's office had inspected the laterite quarries recently after TOI reported the illegal activity on November 4. \"We are not aware about the sand extraction, but will look into the matter,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17320309", "title": "Sri Rama Sene seeks CBI probe into student's death", "text": "MANGALORE: Sri Rama Sene has demanded that the state government hand over the rape and murder case of Nirmala (name changed), to the Centre Bureau of Investigations. The incident occurred at Pangala, Dharmasthala, last month. Sene spokesperson Madhukar Mudradi told reporters here on Wednesday that the state government's reluctance to hand over the case to CID is suspicious. \"Only a CBI probe will expose the truth and lead to the arrest of the culprits. The arrest of Santhosh Rao in connection with the case has raised doubts. The case id being hushed up,\" he alleged. Nirmala, a student of a college in Ujire, was found raped and murdered on October 10. The state government is yet to take a decision in handing over the investigation to the CID. The police had arrested Santhosh Rao, a mentally ill person, in connection with the incident. A senior police official aware of developments in this regard told TOI that the written representation from the family members of the victim seeking a fresh investigation in to the case by the CID along with the investigation reports and opinion of the Superintendent of Police and Inspector-General of Police (Western Range) has been forwarded to the office of state police chief in Bangalore. \"It is for the DGPs office to take a view on the reports and pass appropriate orders,\" the official said, adding that the state government too may take a stand on it. Incidentally, home minister R Ashoka during his recent visit to the district, while patting the district police for investigations carried out by it, had said he had no problems in allowing the CID to investigate the case if the family so desired and gave a written representation. The family subsequently did so handing over their request to the SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17315836", "title": "Award panelists formed, excited at judging candidates", "text": "PUNE: The countdown for the Citizen Nagpur award has begun. Individuals who have been an integral part of the city and share a symbiotic relationship with it are telling their stories everyday in the 6th anniversary special pages of TOI. These people, all candidates for the award, have grown under the city's shadow and over the years reaped fruits from its benevolence. There are now sharing their journey so far with the citizens of Nagpur.Citizens are clearly enjoying reading the interesting life of the candidates for the Citizen Nagpur award. It is evident from their aggressive participation in the SMS polls to vote for their favourite. Your votes will help our special three-member panel to make a final decision.The panel, all thoroughbred Nagpurians and respected personalities, has finally been formed. It comprises former Pondicherry governor Rajani Rai, former DGP of Maharashtra PKB Chakraborty and the first woman mayor of Nagpur, Kundatai Vijaykar.\"I have been reading the articles meticulously and have enjoyed the content greatly. The best part is that TOI has covered a wide spectrum of the Nagpur population. Mostly we are focused on the rich people but need to understand that the base of the society is very wide just like a pyramid,\" said Chakraborty on Wednesday.The former top cop's thoughts were seconded by Rai who expressed satisfaction on seeing different strata of the society being represented. \"Everyone in the society needs to be showcased because they are all part of our structure. Those people need to be encouraged by giving media exposure, and even though not everyone can be featured still a decent sample size is more than enough,\" she said.Vijaykar also feels that the variety of candidates showcases Nagpur's dynamism. \"It is very good that TOI is giving a wide coverage to people from all walks from life,\" she said.The judges felt that more professional categories should be introduced. \"It is a tough job for us to choose Citizen Nagpur from people who are excelling in different professions. Introduction of various categories is something by which more focus can come in judging parameters and more people will get a chance to take part,\" said Rai.Chakraborty feels the geographical area of the award criteria needs to be expanded. \"Now Nagpur has grown and we have a metropolitan area which comprises areas such as Kamptee etc. I would like the next version of your awards to have people from the smaller localities included as well,\" he said.Getting the senior citizens to share their stories is something which Vijaykar would like to see. \"I am 70 years old and I can tell you countless stories of how Nagpur was decades ago, and the changes that have come forth. So the young generation is fine but I would like to see more of the older generation and maybe even those in their 50s to share stories. A good example is the story of Amma, the fruit vendor, which TOI covered,\" said Vijaykar.All the three judges agreed that the concept of Citizen Nagpur was long overdue. \"I am a Nagpurian and I know that receiving encouragement from others for the work you do is amazing. This concept that TOI has introduced is a welcome move and will surely go on to highlight the city's populace,\" said Chakraborty.Rai also appreciated the endeavour saying Nagpurians need the credit for what they do. \"People in this city have worked hard and if they are doing a good job then public recognition is the best reward they can get,\" she said.For Vijaykar, the Citizen Nagpur reward is like the proverbial icing on the cake. \"I am a true Nagpurian and to see my fellow citizens being felicitated for the job they do with dignity, is fulfilling,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17314755", "title": "Ajmal Kasab hanged: A puppet's life ends on a string", "text": "MUMBAI: Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab exited this world as stealthily as he had entered Mumbai four years ago. The lone surviving gunman of 26/11 was hanged to death in Pune's Yerawada jail at 7.30am on Wednesday in an extremely hush-hush operation.Asked for his last wish, the 25-year-old terrorist from Faridkot village in Pakistan's Punjab province said: \"Gharwalon ko milna hai (I want to meet my family members).\" He was told the Islamabad government had been informed about his hanging but had failed to respond. As his hands and legs were tied, his last words, according to officials who witnessed the hanging, were: \"Allah kasam maaf karna. Aisi galati dobara nahi hogi...(Allah, please forgive me, this mistake won't happen again).\"Sources said Kasab was babbling incoherently before the hangman pulled the lever at Yerawada, about 150km from Mumbai's Arthur Road Jail, his home for four years. His body was buried in a pit in the prison premises as there were no claimants. He was convicted in May 2010 by a special judge for murdering seven people directly with his AK-47 and 65 others in common intent with fellow terrorist Ismail. He was also found guilty of being part of a Lashkar-e-Taiba conspiracy that led to 166 deaths. The Mumbai high court in February 2011 and the Supreme Court in August this year upheld the sentence.How Kasab came to be hanged as most of India slept is as dramatic a tale as the unfortunate cycle of terror he and his nine other terrorists unleashed across Mumbai landmarks on November 26, 2008.On November 7, two days after President Pranab Mukherjee rejected Kasab's clemency petition, Shinde, home secretary R K Singh and sleuths from the Intelligence Bureau drafted 'Operation X' to execute him. \"It was a top-secret operation. Only a few bureaucrats and high-ranking IPS officers were involved,\" Shinde told TOI.The next day, Shinde sent the file to the Maharashtra government and advised the state home department to hang Kasab on November 21. Incidentally, R R Patil, the state home minister, went on record on Wednesday to say that Kasab's 'death warrant' had been drawn up in consultation with the additional sessions judge two months earlier, on September 11, after the Supreme Court upheld his death penalty.Next came the task of preparing Kasab for the gallows. Mumbai police commissioner Satya Pal Singh, joint commissioners Himanshu Roy, Sadanand Date and inspector general of prisons Vinod Lokhande were handpicked to execute the plan. \"All along, we were told that the world should learn about Kasab's hanging only after the execution,\" a top IPS officer said.The state at one point toyed with the idea of air-lifting Kasab to the Pune prison. But a senior cabinet minister said that the plan was nixed in view of the permissions required for carrying arms on a plane. Finally, it was decided to shift Kasab in a car.DGP Sanjeev Dayal called a handful of officers and told them that they had less than 10 days to transfer Kasab from the Arthur Road jail for undertrials to the Yerawada prison for convicts.The operation should be airtight, he stressed. \"Such secrecy was needed because we were anticipating international pressure to reconsider the death penalty,\" said a top government official. (TOI was the only paper to report, in its November 21 edition, that Kasab may have been secretly moved to Yerawada).The team handpicked the officials, comprising mostly commandos from the anti-terrorist Force One, to escort Kasab out of the city. \"Only a few of them were briefed about the prisoner's identity. Most of the commandos and members of the para-military units were clueless till Wednesday morning that they had accompanied Kasab,\" another source said.The team then got cracking on the six-stage plan involving a posse of vehicles and a troop of commandos. The first began with Kasab leaving Arthur Road jail at 1.38am on Tuesday and the last ended at 4.34am the same morning, when he entered Yerawada.Each stage had a different code name and the bosses were briefed about the success at the end of every leg. \"We basically ensured that there were no traffic blocks on the road and no attack on him,\" an official added.Investigating officer Ramesh Mahale accompanied Kasab as he was the only face familiar to the terrorist. In Pune, too, arrangements were made with the local police to ensure that the convoy reached the jail without any hitch.\"It was early morning so everything went smoothly,\" a source said. Senior officers monitoring the operation went to sleep only after they received information that Kasab had reached Yerawada jail safely.While the drama was unfolding, a huge posse of policemen continued guarding Arthur Road's prized prisoner without realizing that he had left hours ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316257", "title": "Launch of Jamaat\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s party put off", "text": "HYDERABAD: The launch of the Welfare Party of India's state chapter has been put off indefinitely indicating the reluctance of people, particularly in the Telangana region, to go for a new political outfit.WPI, the political front of Jamaat-e-Islami Hind, was scheduled to be inaugurated at the Nizam College Grounds on November 25. But given the seemingly insurmountable hurdles in the state a decision has been taken to delay the party's formal formation until favourable atmosphere is created.The WPI has among its target constituents, besides Muslims, Dalits, STs and backward classes. It had its birth in Delhi and a few other states about two years ago but has made little progress since. According to sources the reception to the proposed formation of the party was relatively alright in coastal Andhra and Rayalaseema districts but discouraging in Telangana, especially in the GHMC limits. Even in the Andhra region it has failed to form units in Srikakulam and Vizianagaram. Observers believed that the principles adopted by the WPI were too 'academic and idealistic'. For instance, in a situation where ethics and morality have been thrown down the drain the WPI says that it would only field or support candidates who have clean record. \"Where are the political aspirants with clean record who also have the ability to win elections?\" they asked. They also say that it is difficult for the SCs, STs and BCs to go with a force that is having great difficulty in generating mass appeal. The marginalized groups in the state think that it would benefit them if they side with a winning party but not with a 'sure loser.'The sources close to the JIH say that though Jamaat has cleared the formation of the WPI it has not made it compulsory for the members to join it.It has also told its members that anyone who wishes to join the WPI has to first get clearance from his local unit chief. \"The dichotomy within the Jamaat over the need for floating a party of its own still exists. There are many members who still believe that the Jamaat should not get involved in active politics and continue to carry out social work.Teething trouble? Observers believe that the principles adopted by WPI were too 'academic and idealistic'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17317126", "title": "Jonathan Trott on the wrong foot as media spins queries", "text": "MUMBAI: England's No. 3 batsman Jonathan Trott possesses many characteristics, much like one of India's greatest No. 3, Rahul Dravid. Like the Indian legend, Trott possesses a good technique. Like Dravid, he loves to grind the bowlers down and takes nets very seriously.The South Africa-born Englishman had three long stints in the middle as England sweated it out at the Wankhede for three hours on Wednesday, two days prior to the second Test beginning on Friday.But Trott would have loved another of Dravid's attributes: that unflappable attitude while addressing the media which persistently grills you for non-performance. Trott seemed agitated at questions about England's inability to play spin. \"You have probably been asking us this question for the last two years and you have a bigger smile on your face now,\" he shot back at a journalist.\"There are no guarantees in life and cricket. You may train very hard in the nets but the opposition too is allowed to play well. We didn't play well in the first Test,\" he analysed.Dravid, when agitated, would give mundane answers, depending on the intent of the questioner, a ploy that defied the cricketer's cerebral nature. Trott, though, seemed unwilling to come clear on many aspects. Clearly, England's defeat in Ahmedabad, his poor performance (he posted scores of 0 and 17) and questions about his sportsmanship after he claimed a catch off Virat Kohli when he had clearly grassed it, seem to have distracted him.England already have Stuart Broad engaged in a war of words with Ian Botham . Trott's reaction to Boycott's views were a bit more civil but laced with sarcasm: \"Obviously, former players are very passionate and want England to do well, but they must realise that no one is perfect. Sometimes former players think that the game today is not as good as it was when they played.\"Trott's irritation was also mirrored by his response to a query on who decided that Jimmy Anderson should walk in as night-watchman at Motera. \"Are you saying it should have been any different?\" he thundered, before the England media manager wisely called off the interaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17317002", "title": "Mohammad Azharuddin steals limelight at BCCI awards function", "text": "MUMBAI: It was a night worth savouring. Three legends of Indian cricket, a few yesteryear stars (posthumously), and a rising star were honoured By the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) at a glittering function at a five-star hotel here on Wednesday. Besides, one man, locked in a legal battle with the game's governing body in India for more than a decade, finally seemed a part of the fold.The BCCI conferred opening great Sunil Gavaskar with the Col CK Nayudu Lifetime Achievement award, that carries a cheque of Rs 25 lakhs with it, feted the Sachin Tendulkar (for scoring 100 hundreds) and the recently-retired batting legend VVS Laxman, and awarded Virat Kohli with the Polly Umrigar award for being the 'Best Indian Cricketer' of the 2011-12 season.However, the curious eye went towards former India captain Mohammad Azharuddin , whose presence at the high-profile function, in a way, gave the BCCI stamp of approval to a Andhra Pradesh high court order that overturned his ban for alleged match-fixing charges.No wonder, then, that despite having received no award on the night, Azhar seemed the happiest man around. He met everyone in the Indian cricket fraternity warmly, and had a special hug reserved for the 'Very Very Special' Laxman, the man who took over the 'Nizam of Hyderabad ' title from him with the same wristy elegance which Azhar himself wowed the world with.\"It's been a long wait...I am pretty happy,\" Azharuddin told TOI in an exclusive chat. Sharing his joy at being present at the annual BCCI awards function for the first time since 2006, Azhar said: \"It is very pleasing...it is a very happy day for me. I met many players I played with ...I met so many youngsters...it felt very nice. I always used to get invites for this function, but due to paucity of time, could not attend them.\"The BCCI, on its part, said Azhar was always welcome for its awards functions, regardless of the court case it was fighting with him earlier.Roll Of HonourCK Nayudu Lifetime Achievement Award: Sunil GavaskarLegends honoured posthumously: Vijay Merchant, Vinoo Mankad, Dattu Phadkar, Ghulam Ahmed, Vijay Manjrekar, ML Jaisimha, Dilip SardesaiSpecial Award: VVS LaxmanPolly Umrigar Award for Cricketer of the Year: Virat KohliMadhavrao Scindia Award for Most Runs in Ranji Trophy: Robin Bist (Rajasthan)Madhavrao Scindia Award for Most Wickets in Ranji Trophy: Ashok Dinda (Bengal)Lala Amarnath Award for the Best All-rounder in Ranji Trophy: Stuart Binny (Karnataka)Lala Amarnath Award for the Best All-Rounder in limited-overs tournaments: Laxmi Ratan Shukla (Bengal)MA Chidambaram Award for the Best U-16 Cricketer: Mohammad Saif (Uttar Pradesh)MA Chidambaram Award for the Best U-19 Cricketer: Vijay Zol (Maharashtra)MA Chidambaram Award for the Best U-22 Cricketer: Satyam Choudhary (Madhya Pradesh)MA Chidambaram Award for the Best Senior Lady Cricketer: Anagha Deshpande (Maharashtra)Best Umpire in Domestic Cricket: S RaviBest Association: Delhi &amp; District Cricket Association", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17314836", "title": "BBMP, govt are at crossroads: HC", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court will hear on Thursday petitions filed by garbage contractors challenging the new tenders along with the PIL expressing concern about the city's muck mess.\"The BBMP and the state government are at the crossroads. They don't know what to do with the garbage issue. The commissioner is saying we will save money with the new tender, but new contractors are not starting work and old ones are not lifting garbage. The government is totally helpless,\" a division bench led by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen observed while adjourning the hearing.The CJ asked old contractors to give suggestions on how to solve the problem. Apart from old contractors, new ones who were unsuccessful in the bid, have challenged the new tender. The bench admitted their petition and issued notice to the respondents. \"We have 20 years experience in handling garbage, we will abide by any of the conditions imposed by the court,\" counsel for the old contractors told the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17316817", "title": "Shagun worth Rs 4 lakh stolen from hotel Mountview", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Miscreants struck at a marriage function at hotel Mountview in Sector 10, decamping with a bag containing \" shagun\" envelopes worth Rs 4 lakh and two imported cellphones on Monday night. The bag was with the mother of the bride who left it on a table. The bride's father, Surinder Singh, reported the matter to the police.The miscreants struck when the marriage ceremony was on in full swing around 8pm. For now, CCTV cameras footage has not been of much help, neither has the videorecording of the marriage function. Surinder is a retired government official from Punjab government.Sub-inspector (SI) Inder Singh said private security guards of Hotel Mountview were quizzed and the complainant's family members were shown pictures of habitual thieves. However, there have been no leads so far. Police also claimed theft was reported to police after the delay of around 24 hours.The marriage season this year has been marred by several cases of theft. This is the latest in the series. Police managed to crack only three such cases, two in Mohali and one in Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17316191", "title": "Bomb hoax call at Vijayawada court sends cops in a tizzy", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Panic spread on the court premises in the city on Wednesday following a threat call received by the police control room that a bomb had been planted in the court and would explode.Within no time, the bomb disposal squad was rushed to the scene. The bomb squad conducted searches in the court by vacating everyone from all the court buildings. The legal officers and police heaved a sigh of relief when the police concluded, after conducting searches for an hour, that there was no bomb and that the call was hoax.According to police, the control room staff received a phone call around 10.40 am informing that a crude bomb had been planted on the city court premises. The police officials did not want to take chance as the 'call' was received soon after the television channels started airing news about the hanging of LeT operative and mastermind of the Mumbai mayhem, Ajmal Kasab in Yerawada central prison in Pune.Although, the caller had not linked himself either with any terror group, the timing of the call put the police in a fix and made them leave nothing to chance.After the bomb disposal squad concluded that there was no bomb on the court premises, the court was allowed to function as usual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17320418", "title": "IIM-Trichy to offer short courses too at Chennai centre", "text": "CHENNAI: The Indian Institute of Management-Tiruchirapalli will offer short courses, apart from the three-year post-graduate programme in business management, for working executives at its newly inaugurated centre here, a senior official said.The new short-term courses will be offered from the next academic year.\"We will also utilize the centre here to offer short-term executive education (Management Development Programme) and certification programme. The centre will also serve as a convenient platform to conduct placement-related activities,\" Suresh Paul Anthony, chairperson of PGPBM, told IANS.The move is expected to help utilise the premises here in an optimal way.\"The short-term courses will be of two kinds. One will be around six months and the other will be for around four days. The courses will be purely industry-oriented,\" Anthony said.The centre here, which was inaugurated Wednesday, has two 60-seat classrooms, one 40- and one 25-seater classrooms.The centre also has a conference hall, computer lab and a library.The admission process for the second batch of PGPBM will be announced in leading dailies in March 2013. The total intake will be around 40.The curriculum is completely aligned with the two year full-time Post Graduate Programme in Trichy, and includes 18 core courses, 15 elective courses, and one industrial project, spread over three years.The faculty comprises permanent and guest faculty of IIM-Trichy.Anthony said there are 28 students in the first batch that commenced this year.\"We were constrained by space and hence were not able to take more students,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17316215", "title": "UP student forges PMO letter, held in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: A city-based engineering student was arrested by a Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) team from Delhi for forging the signature of prime minister Manmohan Singh to secure admission in a post-gradute course at the University of Lucknow.Sources said Farhan Akhtar , a final year student of an engineering college in Himayatsagar, was picked up the CBI team from the college on Wednesday.Around 5.30 pm, CBI officers took Farhan to the Nampally Criminal Court to produce him before the designated magistrate, but by then the court closed for the day. CBI officials took him to their 'office' and may produce him in court on Thursday.Farhan, who hails from Uttar Pradesh, reportedly shot off a letter on the letterhead of the PM's Office (PMO) to the University of Lucknow. It was a recommendatory letter directing the university authorities to give him admission in a post-graduate course. In addition to sending the fake PMO letter with the forged signature of the PM, Farhan Akhtar's father Shakeel Ahmed called up LU vice-chancellor in the guise of calling from PMO. \"Shakeel Ahmed said that he was an officer in the PMO and asked the LU authorities to reserve a seat for Farhan. Promptly, LU authorities reserved the seat and later sent a compliance letter to the PMO,'' the sources said.The shocked PMO officials contacted LU authorities and informed them that no letter was sent by the PMO at the behest of Manmohan Singh. The equally shocked LU officials narrated the sequence of events. Realising that there was something fishy in the letter, the PMO directed the CBI to look into the matter.On investigation, they zeroed in on Farhan studying at the engineering college in Himayatsagar and reportedly picked him up from his college.Local police and CBI officers were tight-lipped about the case and even refused to give details about the forged letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17314966", "title": "Faith triumphs over personal tragedy in Gaya", "text": "GAYA: Normally tragedies shake the faith of even the most devout who end up questioning the fairness and justice of the creator and it is very rare to keep faith intact even in the most tragic situations.Displaying that rare quality, Arunjay Kumar Singh, a resident of Shastrinagar locality of the town performed Chhath rituals even as the body of his 20-year-old son, Kumar Abhishek, lay in the postmortem room of Anugrah Narain Magadh Medical College and Hospital, registering the triumph of 'sun' over son.Singh's family performed the Monday evening rituals. But as his family members left for Kinduighat on Tuesday morning for the morning 'arghya' in three cars, his son chose to reach the ghat on his motorcycle.The motorcycle carrying Abhishek and his two friends collided head-on with a speeding bus on NH-82 near Paharpur village. Abhishek died on the spot while his friends sustained serious injuries. While the body was brought to ANMMCH for autopsy, family members broke the tragic news to Abhishek's mother, Indu Singh, who was about to offer 'arghya' to the rising sun.For a few moments, nobody knew what to do. Retrieving his composure, Singh finally decided to go ahead with the rituals. Only after completing the rituals did Singh, who teaches psychology in a Jharkhand college, did his wife and other family members rush to the hospital.This is the second incident of its kind in recent weeks in the town. Earlier, S M Shafi, a resident of Shantibagh went to Mecca for Haj.Barely three days into the six-week Haj pilgrimage, Shafi's only son met with a serious accident on the Delhi Expressway.As the son battled for life in a Delhi hospital, Shafi and his wife completed their Haj pilgrimage. A couple of days later, Shafi's son breathed his last in the hospital, but the faithful accepted Allah's verdict with grace and humility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17315963", "title": "Film Bazaar sees growing participation", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17320546", "title": "I am a huge fan of Mohanlal: Janani Iyer", "text": "The Avan Ivan actress Janani Iyer is making her debut in Mollywood through Sugeeth's Three Dots. She will play the love interest of Kunchacko Boban. The story revolves round three criminals played by Biju Menon, Kunchacko Boban and Pratap Pothan.The actress is upbeat about her M-Town debut. \"I have always loved Mollywood flicks for their strong storyline and I'm glad that I got a perfect launch pad,\" says Janani.The actress says her dream is to share screen space with Mohanlal. \"I am a huge fan of Mohanlal and my dream is to act alongside him,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17316688", "title": "Congress finalizes 52 candidates", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17316353", "title": "Crafty genes", "text": "Ahmedabad is home to a number of artisans with varied skills spread across the different parts of the city. Bandhni-making, chick-making and basketry are only a handful of a long list of traditional crafts practiced here. Families have preserved these skills over generations, like heirloomsMata ni Angi\"Angi means to decorate Mataji's idols, photographs and paintings,\" claims Premila Choksi, 65, the sole angi-maker of the city. \"My mother-in-law taught me this art that she learnt from her father. I carried it forward this tradition. I am practicing this art for the past 25 years.\" The wooden table on which the angis are prepared is never taken out of this shop as it is believed that it is against Mataji's wishes. \"All the material needed for making an angi, like shiny decorative pieces made out of aluminum foils are handmade,\" says Choksi. An angi made out of paper and not brass or copper is mandatory for any havan. Angis are most in demand during the Navratri in the Chaitra and Aaso months. They are displayed when a new temple is erected, during a child's ceremonial tonsuring, or at the time of a wedding.Dargah wali DukanThis craft shop, built around a grave, attracts buyers from far off places in Gujarat. The artisans make handmade necklaces to be offered to the gods and are sought-after items. The shopkeepers here claim a legend which states that that a former royal of Junagadh state, Ram Maldhik, was buried here almost 550 years ago. The preset owner of the shop Sanjay Patva claims that it's a general belief that the royal was responsible for their handicraft product to get popular and hence they constructed s hop around it.Taaziya-makingIf you were to see some of the most decorative tazias - tableaus taken out during Muharam, Rani no Hajiro in Ahmedabad is the place where one can find them. Taaziya-maker Salim Shaikh, 45, says, \"I reside in Manek Chowk and this is my family's traditional business for three generations. In all 150 tazias would be made here in a span of one month. Those made here can be up to 14 feet tall and the material used is wood, plastic and gelatin paper.\"Madiyo-makingEla Surti, 56, has been a modiyo-maker for 20 years. After she lost her husband when her son was just four years old, she started this business. \"Madiyos are head pieces which a bride wears during the wedding ceremony. My sister-in-law and I decorate around 20-25 dozen madiyos daily. We get our assignments directly from wholesalers. We manage to make between Rs 40,000 and Rs 50,000 ever year, after working for five hours daily. This is how I brought up my son who is now a graduate and salesperson in a diamond shop. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17318943", "title": "Balasaheb Thackeray's mortal remains brought to city", "text": "INDORE: Mortal remains of Shiv Sena supremo Balasaheb Thackeray were brought to Indore on its way to Jabalpur via Ujjain and Bhopal on Wednesday.Talking to the media persons, president of Madhya Pradesh Shiv Sena unit Thaneshwar Yadav said the mortal remains would be immersed in Narmada on its last destination in Jabalpur in Madhya Pradesh. \"Indore is the first city in Madhya Pradesh to receive the mortal,\" said the Shiv Sena leader.Shiv Sainiks also paid tributes to the departed soul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17317704", "title": "Two chain-snatchers target senior citizens", "text": "COIMBATORE: It seems chain snatchers are back in action on city streets after a brief lull as two separate incidents of chain snatching were reported in the city late on Tuesday night. In both cases, senior citizens were targeted and both occurred after dusk hours in Gandhipuram and Podanur in the city.In one incident, the snatcher stalked the victim in Gandhipuram before he snatched her chain, while the other happened in Podanur. According to Kattur police D Premakumari (62), a resident of PN Pudur had come to Gandhipuram with her family and was walking along 100 feet road when a man who was walking behind her suddenly lunged at her and snatched her three sovereign gold chain and fled. In another incident, a youth on a motorcycle targeted R Chandra another woman in her early sixties from Sundaraparam near Gandhi Nagar on Tuesday. The victim raised an alarm but the culprit managed to escape with five sovereigns of gold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17314683", "title": "IOA elections set for December 5", "text": "NEW DELHI: Putting an end to the wait, the Indian Olympic Association's election commission announced on Wednesday that the polls to the sports body would now be held on December 5.The commission, under the chairmanship of Justice (retired) Anil Dev Singh, met in the Capital before announcing the fresh dates for the polls, which were earlier scheduled to be held on November 25.According to the new schedule of the elections released by returning officer Justice VK Bali, the scrutiny of nominations will be held on November 24 while nominations can be withdrawn between November 25 to 29.The elections were earlier postponed following the resignation of SY Quraishi from the election commission on Saturday. The poll process got back on track with the appointment of Justice Anil Dev Singh. TOI had reported on Wednesday that the elections would be held in the first week of December.Meanwhile, the list of nominations received for the elections were displayed at the office of the returning officer on Wednesday afternoon.With Randhir Singh and Abhey Singh Chautala camps all set to cross swords, it could be IOA's first full-fledged elections ever since its inception. There was a contest in 1994 when Suresh Kalmadi defeated Sivanthi Adityan to become the president but the fight was only for a few posts with a majority getting elected unanimously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17319823", "title": "Allahabad high court seeks reply from Noida Authority, Govt", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court on Wednesday sought replies from the Noida Authority and the state government on a PIL seeking court's direction to restrain chief executive officer Noida from charging toll tax on eight-lane DND flyover connecting Noida and Delhi.The order was passed by a bench of Justice Sushil Harkauli and Justice NA Moonis on a PIL filed by Federation of Noida residents welfare association, Gautam Budh Nagar.The PIL stated that eight-lane DND flyover is 9.2 km expressway and the purpose for charging toll tax is over since the construction company, Noida Toll Bridge Ltd, is now earning profits.It has also been stated that there is blockade on the road and therefore, UP DGP and SSP Gautam Budh Nagar be directed to clear the road.Apart from Noida and state authorities, Noida Toll Bridge Company Ltd. has also been made a party respondent in the said PIL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-22"}
