{"city": "indore", "code": "17565408", "title": "Traffic cops at all BRTS crossings without signal", "text": "INDORE: In a move to streamline heavy traffic flow on the 11.5 km long bus road transit system (BRTS) corridor, the traffic department has decided to station its personnel at all the crossings without traffic signal. There are nearly 10 crossings which do not have traffic signal.DCP traffic Pradeep Chouhan, said after the intelligence traffic signals are installed, the personnel will be shifted to different area.The crossings where cops will be stationed include LIG Crossing, near C-21 Mall, Rasomal Lab crossing, Satya Sai Crossing, GPO crossing and Nawlakha area.Traffic expert Prafull Joshi, said that lakhs of people commute through the BRTS corridor everyday, leading to many accidents in the absence of traffic signals and police personnel.The Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has allowed the city buses to ply on the BRTS corridor till the BRTS becomes operational.Mayor, Krishnamurari Moghe said most of the work on BRTS is complete and they have also got approval from the state government to take loan from HUDCO, for the installation of signals on the BRTS corridor.He added that installation of signal along the BRTS was delayed to refusal of union government to release fund for the same under JNNURM. Installation of intelligence signal on BRTS will cost Rs 60 crores. A part of this amount will be taken from HUDCO in form of loan. Eight percent of loan will be paid by the state government while the remaining 20 % will be paid by the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17564522", "title": "Police meet over curbing noise in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Police officials on Monday called for a meeting at Azad Maidan police station with the Fire Cracker Dealer's Association to seek cooperation for a campaign against noise pollution. The association has assured their full support to the police.Sumaira Abdulali, convener of Awaaz Foundation, an NGO fighting against noise pollution, was also present. Sources said that while cops are planning to take action, they still have to decide on the course of action. Additional commissioner of police Krishna Prakash refused to comment on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17566214", "title": "Pawar appears at prog hosted by dacoity accused", "text": "NAGPUR: Facing allegations in irrigation scam, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar first day at winter session of the state legislature began on controversial note when he was felicitated at Kachhipura chowk by Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) west Nagpur president Vijay Talewar, who is wanted in a case of dacoity, trespass, assault and also outraging of modesty by Sitabuldi police. NCP city president Ajay Patil was co-organizer of the programme.Talewar has remained out of police net even after his bail was rejected by Supreme Court and twice by the High court earlier. While police say he is not available in city, he was spotted near the dais and later at the dinner at Sai Vatika lawns near Bajaj Nagar where deputy CM Pawar and other ministers, NCP state president Madhukarrao Pichad and other ministers of NCP were also present.Several cops opted to turn blind eye to Talewar's presence among the ministers, especially Pawar, at the dinner hosted jointly by Talewar and Patil. Patil was not available for comment. City police had little explanation to offer when asked how could they watch state deputy CM share dinner with an accused. City police chief KK Pathak, who had taken over last week, claimed he was not aware and would look into the matter.Deputy commissioner of police, special branch, SM Waghmare said permission for the felicitation programme was sought in the name of NCP city president Patil and he had no clue about Talewar. Incidentally, hoardings for the programme, the arches at the venue, and also the invitation cards, that normally cops scrutinize before granting permission, had names of both Patil and Talewar. Asked how special branch failed to protect sanctity of the office of deputy CM, Waghmare had no comment.At the programme, DCP Kailas Kanse was present along with the senior PI Vivek Joshi of Sitabuldi where Talewar's arrest is pending. Intriguingly, Talewar was not visible on the dais but sources claimed he was close by. His name was repeatedly being announced over the loudspeakers as organizer of the programme that the cops seemed not to listen.NCP city president Patil was also present along with his corporator wife Pragati Patil and others. Patil's solemn insistence that he would ensure action against Talewar in case latter did not surrender was published in TOI on November 18. Talewar had filed a complaint against Bharti Belsare and her two sons over a fight for possession of property at Ramdaspeth. While Belsares were arrested on charges of assault immediately following Talewar's complaint, he was not taken into custody despite the opposing party filing an offence of dacoity, trespass, outraging of modesty, and assault against him.The controversial programme, held bang on Central Bazaar Road, was also a traffic nightmare. Deputy commissioner of police, traffic, Jeevraj Dabhade said he had ensured the programme was shifted from the square earlier proposed to one ahead of it. \"We had two inspectors posted to regulate traffic,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17564802", "title": "Bijnor DM forced to withdraw \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcblack\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 order", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bijnor district magistrate (DM) Sarika Mohan was forced to withdraw her order barring girls from wearing black clothes, including burqas, or tops and jeans to a function attended by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav in Rampur on Monday following widespread protest.Mohan had issued the order on Saturday asking the recipients of cheques under the Kanya Vidya Dhan Yojana and Hamari Beti Uska Kal from the chief minister on Monday. \"No girl will go there in black dresses, dupatta or cardigan. They will also not be allowed to wear jeans or top. All parents must send their wards in simple dresses. They will also not wear jewellery,\" the DM had stated in the order.The DM maintained that her order was misinterpreted. \"We have not decided any dress code. We had only asked girls to wear simple and sober dresses,'' she said. \"We asked participants to avoid black clothes because it would have not been suitable for the auspicious occasion.'' Interestingly, chief minister and other senior leaders who participated in the function were wearing black khadi jackets.This order led to widespread protests in Bijnore. Muslim leaders even asked girls to boycott the function. \"The DM's diktat...is not acceptable to us,\" said Bijnor Jama Masjid Imam Maulana Anwar-ul-Haq.Women organizations too protested the order, calling restrictions on wearing jeans regressive. Over 16,000 girls from Morabadbad division's districts, including Rampur, were among the beneficiaries.Opposition parties too slammed the government. \"The government was earlier afraid of black flags, but now it is also afraid of black clothes,\" BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, a former MP from Rampur, told reporters in Delhi.Wearing black clothes were banned in official functions of the state government after some people used it as a mark of protest during former CM Mayawati's government.The order has not been rescinded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17566069", "title": "Bus shelters have only ads, not benches", "text": "MYSORE: Hema from Kirgavalu, who was waiting for nearly 30 minutes along with her physically challenged son, had a million-dollar question: \"What is the benefit of building a bus shelter that makes commuters stand for hours?\" The poser came when was waiting near a bus shelter in RTO Circle in Mysore.These are the common remarks made by bus passengers of Mysore, and most of them are senior citizens. Though the city has bus shelters all over, most of them do not have benches, inconveniencing passengers. Ironically, the shelters are ad-friendly than being people-friendly. However, the officials concerned are not enthusiastic to provide the required amenities.Two such shelters can be found in a 0.5km stretch between Vani Vilas Market and RTO Circle, where passengers board buses bound to Kuvempungar and JP Nagar, and buses bound to railway station and Maharani's College from the other side.\"Mysore City Corporation (MCC) has utterly failed to keep a check on these poorly maintained bus shelters. They have no proper seating arrangement and water seeps when it rains,\" said P Devaraj, a Mysorean. According to him, most of the shelters are nothing but ad media, maintained by advertising agencies with political backing. \"MCC has not been able to take any stringent action against them,\" he said.MCC executive engineer Krishna Bovi said they are helpless in providing benches, as \"the civic body lacks funds\". The shelters which do not have benches are unscientific ones built illegally by private players to display ads. \"We have asked them to raze the structures, but none has come forward,\" he claimed.MCC commissioner M R Ravi agreed that \"unscientific bus shelters\" do not have benches, because of which the passengers are being inconvenienced. \"We have issued notices to all private players to clear unscientific bus shelters which have mushroomed around the city. Notices have also been sent to those who have made shelters as ad media,\" he added.The commissioner said that stringent action will be taken against those who violate rules in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17565302", "title": "Vivekananda Park beautification stumbles on encroachers", "text": "KOLKATA: Funds are in place, but the beautification of Vivekananda Park has still hit a dead end, thanks to rampant encroachment in the form of shanties inside and hawkers outside the park. The Kolkata Improvement Trust (KIT), the custodian of the park, is now desparately looking for a solution to continue with its beautification drive. A TOI visit to the park on Monday revealed that work on the Lake Road side of the park, where hawkers were found doing a brisk business, has been stalled altogether.Since the inception of the park, the KIT has been struggling to keep encroachers at bay. After a couple of military camps - set up inside the park during World War-II - were withdrawn in 1947, a group of homeless refugees grabbed a portion of the ground. This gave birth to shanties inside the park. The problem snowballed after those living on pavements or adjacent slums started flocking into the park. As many as 200 people settled inside the park from early 50s to early 80s. The population steadily grew in past two decades bringing the number to 300 living inside ground.If the problem of encroachment inside the park swelled slowly but steadily, the situation outside changed drastically in last few years. From being a no-hawker zone even 10 years ago, the pavement on Lake Road has now become home to a number of hawkers. Glaring example of an encroachment: A three storeyed building constructed in the park in 1990. The building has been handed over to the KMC conservancy department to serve the area.In all these years, the government did try to evict the encroachers and beautify the park twice. The Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) had planned the beautification twice in the past, once in early 90s and again in 2002, but all plans fell flat on both occasions.This time, however, the state urban development department has undertaken a beautification project but the progress has been very slow. In three months, only about 50% of the fencing has been complete. The government is now waiting for the encroachers to vacate the place to beautify the interior of the park.State urban development minister Firhad Hakim has requested Trinamool Congress councillor Baiswanor Chatterjee to help the government evict the encroachers. Chatterjee told TOI that he had been trying hard to persuade the settlers. Mayor Sovan Chatterjee, on the other hand, was keen to take over the park from the KIT and start beautification on KMC's behalf.\"Despite the presence of such a large park near my home, I have nowhere to go for my morning walk. There can't be any beautification unless encroachers are removed,\" said local resident Rupali Basu, a retired schoolteacher.Debarati Mukherjee, an employee of Indigo Airlines, echoed: \"Encroachment inside the park has given rise to law and order problems. We no longer feel safe when we go to the park. The government has to do something to restore confidence of the local residents.\"Niloy De, banker and a local resident: The government should first ensure that encroachment is removed. Then we can talk about the plans for beautification. Mere fencing of the park won't attract the visitors. The police need to patrol the park round the clock to discourage unruly people to takeover the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17565162", "title": "China gets law to curb Tibet immolations", "text": "BEIJING: As the self-immolations in Tibet continued unabated, China has brought a new law under which anyone caught helping someone self-immolate would be held liable for \"intentional homicide\".According to a regulation recently drafted by the ministry of public security and the judicial bodies, people who plan, organize, incite or help others perform self-immolations will be tried for intentional homicide, state-run Global Times reported on Monday. \"Those who parade a corpse through the streets or gather to watch the immolation without actively stopping the suicide will also be subject to criminal prosecution,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17566152", "title": "Bahurupiyas, Katputli and Nat artistes brighten up SCZCC festival", "text": "NAGPUR: A big, black-faced monkey runs about the Orange City Craft Mela and Folk Dance Festival. While its gimmicks entertain many, they scare a few toddlers. No, the SCZCC has not employed a 'madari' with a monkey to entertain visitors to the festival, but the animal, in reality, is a very believable impostor, a Bahurupiya, who has donned the looks of a monkey.While folk dancers from various tribal regions of the country brighten up the evenings with their performances, three sets of artistes - Bahurupiyas, Katputli and Nat - entertain people checking out the various stalls at the craft mela, thus lighting up the festival from the sidelines.As soon as the drums start playing and Nyay Singh prepares to climb up the rope tied across bamboo sticks, people start thronging the circle in the middle of the SCZCC campus. Nyay Singh is a Nat Kalakar from Rajasthan who sits, lies down and performs various acts during a tightrope walk. \"We are in great demand at big hotels and such festivals. But unlike in the past, we no longer attract audience in small villages,\" he said.According to the artistes, they are not only entertaining but also giving the visitors a peep into the past and the cultural heritage of this country. \"We tell mythological tales through our performances. My colleague has dressed up as Narad Muni and narrates stories of the sage to youngsters when they come to us,\" said Gulabrao Vaidya, a Bahurupiya, who hails from Amravati. The literal translation of Bahurupiyas is 'shape shifters' and that is what they do to entertain people.Similarly, the Katputli (puppet) artistes from Rajasthan narrate the heroic tales of their kings and queens. \"But now we have shortened them to suit our audience, who are mainly from urban places. They can watch our shows only for 15-20 minutes, a time in which our original legends cannot fit,\" said Kishore Ramuji Bhat, whose family has been performing this art for at least seven generations.But all of them, apart from Nat artistes, are sceptical about the future of their art. \"Our generation has kept the art alive and taken it forward. But I don't see the next generation taking it up. They want to get formal education and enter other fields,\" said Bhat.The Bahurupiyas, too, are pessimistic but due to different reasons. \"We keep on moving from one place to another. We even visit villages and perform street plays despite the low income there, as something is better than nothing. Our children have no proper access to education and face an uncertain future,\" said Vaidya. His teammates lamented the lack of support from the government and said only assistance from the state can help them secure their future.Though from the periphery, these artists are using the flickering lights of their art to lighten up the festival in their own colourful way. When a Bahurupiya Ravan shows up in all his glory, there are hardly any eyes that don't watch in awe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17565442", "title": "HC: Derecognizing police unions unconstitutional", "text": "KOLKATA: The Calcutta high court on Monday declared as unconstitutional the West Bengal government's decision to withdraw recognition to police associations in the state. Justice Dipankar Gupta directed that the decision was in violation of constitutional provisions and against natural justice.The state government had in 2011, after the Trinamool Congress took charge, cancelled recognition of three police associations stating that it wanted to keep the police force free of any political bias.The associations - West Bengal Non-gazetted Police Karmachari Association, West Bengal Police Association and Calcutta Police Association - had moved the high court, challenging the government's decision.Counsel Bikash Bhattacharya, appearing for the Karmachari Association, had submitted that these are not like other trade unions and had no political affiliation. Formed decades ago and recognised by the government, these associations looked after the welfare of policemen and women, he submitted. He claimed that the decision to cancel recognition was arbitrary and unconstitutional.Hearing in the matter was concluded earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17563383", "title": "14 tonnes of illegal coal seized", "text": "BOKARO: The district police along with their Purulia counterparts busted three illegal coal depots at Podadih in Sathaladih of West Bengal in a joint operation on the bordering areas of Chandankyari and Raghunathpur.jointly with Purulia (West Bengal) police while conducting a joint anti-coal smuggling operation in bordering areas of Chandankyari (Bokaro) and Raghunathpur (Purulia) busted three illegal coal depots running in Podadih under Sathaladih police station of Purulia district.Police recovered 14 tonnes of illegal coal and four weigh bridges from the spot 53 km from the district headquarters. However, the persons involved in the illegal business fled before police could chase them. A team of 70 policemen raided the area near the Gawai river from where the illegal coal was being smuggled to West Bengal from Chandankyari block of Bokaro.Police have lodged FIR against 12 smugglers with the Chandankyari police station. Of them, seven are the residents of Purulia district. The raid was conducted after Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi received information about the illegal coal mining and its transportation in the area.Jharkhand is losing crores of rupees in a month with more than thousand tones of coal being smuggled to West Bengal. The coal is first excavated from illegal mines situated in more than a dozen places in Chas Muffasil and Chandankyari areas. The consignment is then transported by workers hired by the coal mafia through bicycles and dumped in Purulia. Later, it is transported to the market and hard coke factories situated mostly in Paharigoda and Dubra area of Purulia .The coal mafia use bicycles in transporting coal to escape the police dragnet. \"However, the involvement of local police stations in the illegal trade cannot be ruled out,\" said a resident of Junbaad village near the Gawai river of Chandankyari, which divides Jharkhand and West Bengal.A worker transports about five quintals of coal in his bicycle. They get Rs 700 per quintal from the mafia. More than a thousand bicycles cross the Gawai river and enter Purulia everyday early in the morning, said a villager.SP Dwivedi said the raids were conducted in the bordering areas acting on information. Policemen deployed on the bordering areas have been alerted to catch the workers ferrying illegal coal in bicycles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568150", "title": "Lea Michele calls her breasts 'prizewinners'", "text": "Lea Michele boasts about her tendency to don cleavage-baring ensembles on the red carpet, admitting that it took some time during her transition from Broadway star to up-and-coming Hollywood actress before she felt comfortable enough to show off her assets.Now that the 'Glee' star has found her footing in Hollywood, the actress is much more comfortable with getting things off her chest.\"These babies are great. They are my prizewinners,\" the New York Daily News quoted her as telling Marie Claire magazine.\"For a while they were out and about, showing off on Broadway every night, then they came to LA and were like, 'No one else looks like me here!'\"They were nervous to make their appearance but feel they've earned their place. So they asked if they could come out, and I was like, 'All right, you guys.' They definitely rose to the occasion, so I'm going to continue to give them more opportunities,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17563458", "title": "Women students block Dhanbad road", "text": "DHANBAD: It was march of the girl brigade on Luby Circular Road on Monday. Traffic was halted after hundreds of students of B S S College for Women blocked the road in protest against the college authorities' refusal to accept applications for intermediate examinations.Students said college authorities did not accept their forms with late fees because of the ongoing teachers' strike.The demonstrating students did not allow even two-wheelers to run on the road for more than an hour during peak hours. The road connects the town to many important offices, including the deputy commissioner's office and the telephone exchange.The blockade was removed after police intervention. Police assured that they would talk to college authorities so that forms are accepted within two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564551", "title": "3 gangsters nabbed for snatching trucks, SUVs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The crime branch has busted a gang of armed robbers that snatched commercial vehicles in Delhi, Andhra Pradesh , Rajasthan and Gujarat, and sold these at a fourth of market rates. The large gang, sources say, operated at night, prepared to take on police. Three pistols and 12 cartridges were seized from the gangsters.Delhi Police had announced a reward of Rs 50,000 on the head of gang leader Wahid. Recently, the gang had snatched a vehicle belonging to Heera Jewellers in Pitampura by shooting at the security guards.The accused have been identified as Wahid alias Dholu, Mohammad Yusuf and Sailash Kumar Kothari, all residents of the Mewat region in Haryana. They were caught by a team of ACP Udaiveer Rathi and inspector Sunil Kumar on Sunday.\"The gang is involved in robberies in Delhi, NCR, Rajasthan, Hyderabad and Gujarat. They mainly targeted trucks and SUVs (Bolero, Scorpio, Innova, etc) and sold these vehicles to several receivers in the Mewat region for Rs 1 lakh to 3 lakh. They used to enter Delhi at night in a Bolero or a Tata 407 to search for a good car, and travelled in groups of eight to ten, carried weapons, and never hesitated to fire,\" said DCP crime branch, SBS Tyagi.Wahid's brother Shahid is also a known criminal named in various loot and dacoity cases. Wahid joined his brother's gang and then formed his own gang. He was earlier arrested in theft and robbery cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17565927", "title": "Two held for assaulting truck driver", "text": "Ponda police arrested two people from Kundaim-Ponda on Monday for illegally restraining and assaulting a truck driver and obstructing policemen who went to intervene in the matter at Kundaim on Saturday evening. Deepak P Naik, 26, resident of Ballawada-Kundaim, Maruti H Manjunnavar alias Pander, 34, resident of Kundaim were arrested while two others are absconding. Apart from the two arrested, Girish Ganpat Naik, resident of Kundaim and Manoj Sawant, resident of Bandora, also wrongfully restrained the driver Paras Gopalji Upadhay, resident of Pissurlem-Sattari, at Kundaim on Saturday evening. Deepak Naik, who was produced before JMFC Ponda court on Monday, was remanded to three days police custody while Pander, arrested on Monday evening, will be produced before the court by Tuesday.Cops probing forged GU marksheet caseAgasaim police are investigating a case of forgery of a marksheet of the Goa university (GU) following a complaint by the university registrar. GU registrar V P Kamat has complained that prior to December 7 accused Gujaddep Sandhu, a resident of Mapusa, prepared a forged mark sheet of Goa university without being enrolled as bonafied student and harmed the reputation of the institution. In this connection, a case has been registered under Section 464 and 469 of IPC and PI S Vaigankar is investigating the case. Sources said that the forgery of the BCom marksheet came to light after a citizens group complained to the Goa university in this connection. Police suspect that there could be more such cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17565981", "title": "Garbage collection goes for a toss in twin cities", "text": "HUBLI: There seems to be no end to the stinking problem in the twin cities. In the absence of an effective solid management system, garbage heaps keep mounting in every nook and corner of the residential areas.Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation, which recently launched the door-to-door garbage collection, removed dustbins from residential areas like Keshwapur, Badami Nagar, Netaji colony and Heggeri area. But the process is yet to start in many places. In the absence of dustbins, residents indiscriminately dump garbage on roadside.Residents of Netaji colony and Heggeri area say that they are left with no option, but to dump garbage on roadside. Road users are forced to cope with the stink emanating from these areas.Prashant Huddar, a resident of Netaji colony, said the corporation removed garbage container a few weeks ago, but nobody comes to collect waste from home.\"We don't have containers to keep garbage in our area. So all residents are dumping it on the roadside,\" he said.Usually weekly market is conducted on Heggeri main road. There are huge heaps of wastes on the roadside, but civic workers are not cleaning the area regularly, Mamata Chalawadi, a resident of Maruti Nagar, said.Hubli-Dharwad mayor Pandurang Patil said that the HDMC has removed containers from select areas to start door-to-door garbage collection and to make the city garbage-free.In some areas, door-to-door collection has started successfully. The drive will be launched effectively in all areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "dilawarpur (adilabad)", "code": "17564535", "title": "N Chandrababu Naidu vows to waive self help group loans", "text": "DILAWARPUR (ADILABAD): Telugu Desam Party president N Chandrababu Naidu on Monday promised self help group women that he would waive their loans if his party is voted to power in the next election.Addressing roadside meetings at Dilawarpur mandal, as part of his 'Vasthunna Meekosam' padayatra on Monday, the TDP chief told the gathering that to improve the economic condition of women, he had introduced the self help group system during his reign.He assured to waive all loans taken by DWCRA women who are being given loans at 25 paise interest.Stating the plight of farmers in the state, Naidu said that he would establish agriculture-based industries in rural areas to encourage cultivation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17565883", "title": "Spate of thefts rock Bardez, Pernem talukas", "text": "MAPUSA: There is a sudden increase in theft cases in the talukas of Pernem and Bardez, with atleast 8 cases being reported during the first week of December in both the talukas.All the cases have been registered at the respective police stations and police informed that investigations are in progress even as residents have demanded action to curb such crimes.Recently, Vijay Singh , SP of North Goa, had stated that the crime rate is lower this year as compared to 2011 in Bardez taluka.On December 5, Subhash Ghogle, resident of Rukmini Plaza, Peddem, Mapusa, complained that unknown persons stole all 4 wheels worth 60,000 of his Maruti Swift car parked in an open parking place at his residence. Ghogle had parked his car during the night and the incident came to light in the morning.Rajendra Pednekar, resident of Mapusa, complained that on the same day unknown persons committed theft of a gold chain weighing 10 grams, two gold bangles, a gold ring and cash amounting to 60,000 all worth 2,25,000. He also said that the culprits, who entered from the front door which was not locked, stole a cheque book and a passbook from the cupboard.On the night of December 1, cash amounting to 5,000 was stolen from a electronic items shops in Agarawada, Pernem.A motorcycle belonging to a youth from Bamanwada, Parsem, Pernem was stolen and also steel plates from a construction site were stolen in Parsem.Besides this, spare parts, fuel and a battery of a scooter were stolen from a garage near Laxmi Narayan temple in Mapusa.A parked motorcycle was stolen from the Mapusa market, where also a battery of a parked scooter was stolen from Mapusa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17563267", "title": "Jharkhand on alert over terror mail to DGP", "text": "RANCHI: An email sent to the state's director general of police warning of bomb blasts and huge casualties in Ranchi, Delhi and Mumbai has prompted the authorities to sound an alert. The email was sent to G S Rath by one Danish Alam reportedly from Singapore on the night of December 8. The mail has also been sent to the police chiefs of Delhi and Mumbai, where too security mechanism has been put on alert. The threat assumes significance with Ranchi preparing to host its first-ever ODI match between India and England on January 19.Jharkhand police spokesperson S N Pradhan, who confirmed the news, said: \"Police officers have been asked to maintain extra caution to avert any such incident.\" The sender claimed his men are in Ranchi and bombs have also been planted at target locations. However, no name of any terror group or Maoist organization has been mentioned in the email.Although the police suspect foul play by anti-social elements, they are not taking any chances. All district police chiefs have been alerted and additional forces have been deployed at railway stations, airports and other crowded places. Sources in the police department said the email was also sent to a few news channels and a local newspaper. \"Prima facie, it looks to be the handiwork of some anti-social elements. However, a probe has been launched,\" Pradhan said.The email has been sent through a Yahoo ! account and the Jharkhand police have contacted the headquarters of the email service provider for the details. The news has created a flutter in the state. On Monday, police sniffer dogs were pressed into service at the airport, railway stations and other crowded places to check any suspicious activity. Security was beefed up on the state and national highways too and checks were conducted on trucks and buses.The match between India and England is likely to draw huge crowd as skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni will play in his home town (Ranchi) for the first time and a threat of this kind has made the state police extra cautious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17563691", "title": "Dhauli foothills comes to life", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Dhauli-Kalinga Mahotsav, a dance festival showcasing classical, folk and martial forms got off to a grand start on the foothills of Dhauli on Monday. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik inaugurated the festival being organized by Orissa Dance Academy.The festival began with a stunning Kalaripayattu performance by Samudra Centre of Indian Contemporary Performing Arts, Trivandrum. \"The choreography was mind-blowing. The dancers fused rhythm and vigour with perfect sound, colour and costume, making the atmosphere lively,\" said Krutika Mishra, an Odissi dancer. The festival will see performance by 500 artistes in various Indian dance forms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17564745", "title": "HC: Ensure compliance on Noida officials\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 removal", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Allahabad High Court has directed the state government to ensure compliance of its November 8, 2012, order on removal of two key officials of Noida in letter and spirit and file an affidavit to that effect on December 14, failing which action would be taken for the contempt of court. The order was passed by Justice Vikram Nath on the contempt application filed by petitioner Nitin Deshwal on Friday last.On November 8, a double bench of the high court had directed the Samajwadi Party government in Uttar Pradesh to remove Noida's chairpersonRakesh Bahadur and chief executive officer Sajeev Saran. The court had also directed not to post these two officers anywhere in west UP and had ordered the CBI to probe charges of corruption against them and submit report within six months.The November 8 judgment came on a public interest litigation filed by a social organisation Madhav Samaj Nirman Samiti which alleged that the two officers had been accused of facilitating sale of prime land in Noida to hoteliers at throwaway price during 2005-07 when SP president Mulayam Singh Yadav was chief minister of the state. The land was allotted to hoteliers for construction of hotels for the Commonwealth Games.A case was registered against the two officers in 2009 by the then Mayawati government. The land allotments were cancelled and FIRs were lodged against Bahadur and Saran. The two officials along with 14 others were also suspended and later charge-sheeted in a departmental inquiry. But soon after the SP returned to power in March earlier this year, the SP government posted the two officers on May 5 on the same posts. The PIL was filed in June accusing officers of misusing power in land allotment and apprehending that if allowed to work at Noida, they may tamper with evidence against them.The state government had on November 19 filed a review petition in HC against the November 8 order. However, in the contempt application, the petitioner told the court that state government was not given any relief in the form of stay on the November 8 order. The petitioner also said that there is no restraint order from any court including the SC against the order of the division bench dated November 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17565554", "title": "Science Congress may bring Mamata, PM on same dais", "text": "KOLKATA: Heads who parted ways over FDI may share dais in an academic platform if Calcutta University has its way. The university hosting the 100th Science Congress in early January may witness a rarity - Prime Minister Manhoman Singh on the dais with chief minister Mamata Banerjee, four months after the Trinamool Congress dumped the UPA.Calcutta University has already sent invites to President of India Pranab Mukherjee , the Prime Minister, the Bengal chief minister and the governor soliciting their presence in the inaugural session of the five-day Science Congress beginning January 3 at the Salt Lake Stadium.CU officials, however, are keeping their fingers crossed. \"On December 14, secretary of science and technology T Ramaswamy is scheduled to attend a meeting with West Bengal governor M K Narayanan and discuss the details of the event. All the names of invitees are probable. The final list will be known after the meeting only,\" said a CU official.According to state government sources, the CM is yet to give a confirmation to the CU invite. The uncertainty has come to the fore after Mamata Banerjee and her council of ministers gave a miss to the invitation sent by the West Bengal Human Rights Commission to speak at a seminar organized on the Human Rights Day on Monday in which Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir was among the invitees.However, a section of state officials was quick to cite instances where political rivals shared the dais earlier when the Left Front was in power in West Bengal and the BJP at the Centre.There had been, however, one occasion where former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee had refused to share the stage with the then prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee .All eyes are now fixed on the December 14 meet at Raj Bhavan where Union science and technology secretary T Ramaswamy is likely to finalize the itinerary of the President and the Prime Minister if they agree to attend the inaugural session of the Science Congress.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had inaugurated the 99th Science Congress at Bhubaneswar with Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik by his side on the stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17564645", "title": "Currey Road bridge to be shut till April for monorail work", "text": "MUMBAI: Starting on From Friday, the Currey Road bridge (also known as Mahadev Palav Marg), which connects connecting Dr Ambedkar Road near Bharatmata on the east and N M Joshi Marg towards Lower Parel in the west will be remain closed till April 14, 2013.The decision was taken by the traffic police has been taken by the traffic police in order to facilitate monorail the construction of the monorail right from above Lalbaug flyover uptowards the N M Joshi Marg-end of Palav Road. . The Motorists will then have to use the Lower Parel bridge, the Chinchpokli bridge and the S-bridge towards Byculla.An experiment on whether the closure would will impact traffic situation was carried out this weekend. \"Even though it affected the traffica little bit, to facilitate the construction of monorail pillars, of monorail on this road all vehicles, except pedestrians and bikers, will have to be restricted. have to be banned.A notification in this regard will be issued on Thursday,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Vivek Phansalkar.This weekend, after shutting the Currey Road bridge, traffic was diverted from Ganacharya Chowk to the Arthur Road Naka junction. to see if it resulted in major disruption.\"For traffic going towards north, using S-bridge, Chinchpokali bridge or Lower Parel bridge would be better. For south-bound the traffictowards South, motorists can use Tilak bridge, Elphinstone bridge and even Chinchpokli, too, bridgewill do ,\" said Phansalkar, adding that road barricading will begin on start fromFriday. \"We will try to leave a small small passage for bikers and pedestrians, to use during the construction time,\" he said.\"The railways have approved general arrangement drawings (GAD) for the construction work even though the approval of commissioner of railway safety is yet to come,\" said Metropolitan commissioner Rahul Asthana.This crucial section of the monorail is part of its phase-II which is under construction from Jacob Circle to Wadala and will almost mark its completion if achieved in near future. Majority civil construction, except stations, has been completed on the first phase between Wadala and Chembur. The project has already got delayed by two years. This Palav marg portion of monorail will have two elevated stations for commuters, one near Bharat Mata and other on N M Joshi marg. Construction of them will be a challenging task for the MMRDA administration. The monorail is being built by L&amp;T-Scomi; consortium at a cost of about Rs 2800 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17566243", "title": "Questioning legality of dy CM post, oppn corners Pawar", "text": "NAGPUR: There seems to be more trouble in store for reinstated deputy chief minister and NCP leader Ajit Pawar, who found himself cornered by a combative opposition on a stormy first day of the winter session. Even as the Congress appeared reluctant to defend Pawar, the opposition questioned the legal validity of his appointment. The charges under the irrigation scam still hang around his neck like a political millstone.Taking a stand that the post was not constitutional, opposition members said the recent oath-taking of Pawar as deputy chief minister without any ministerial post was not in sync with a high court order issued 17 years ago. In the Upper House, the opposition staged a walkout even as the presiding officer gave a ruling allowing re-induction of Pawar. But in the Lower House Speaker kept the matter on hold.As soon as the proceedings commenced, opposition leader in the state assembly Eknath Khadse raised a point of procedure over the first item on the house business of introduction of ministers as Pawar was not present. For about 30 minutes, the lower house witnessed a debate as members from both sides argued over the constitutional provision, rules and procedures, customs and traditions and examples of other states, including the BJP ruled ones having the post of deputy chief minister.Speaker Dilip Walse-Patil initially declined permission to the debate but later the speaker withheld his ruling on the point of procedure.In the Upper House, parliamentary affairs minister Harshwardhan Patil introduced Pawar after his re-induction. Leader of the opposition Vinod Tawde and Peasants and Workers Party (PWP) leader Jayant Patil objected to this, raising doubts over deputy CM's post. They stated that since this post was not valid, Pawar's oath taking could not be termed as legal. A heated argument ensued between NCP's Sandeep Bajoriya and Patil over the issue. Later, chairman Shivajirao Deshmukh overruled the objections, saying that the state was following tradition of having a Dy CM since longIn the Lower House, Khadse referred to hard-hitting speeches of RR Patil and Dilip Walse-Patil when Gopinath Munde was sworn in as deputy CM in 1995. Khadse said the high court bench had ruled that there was no scope for creating such a post. Home minister RR Patil countered, saying he was now sorry for 'mistake' committed 17 years ago. Patil said the DF government was simply following the Sena-BJP government which had a deputy CM (Munde).Nawab Malik of NCP said that the swearing-in had the consent of the governor who was the custodian of Constitution and so there was nothing wrong in Pawar assuming the post. Bhujbal, who was also a deputy CM in the past, made light of opposition charges, saying many states including NDA-ruled Bihar had the post of deputy CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17565603", "title": "Man making obscene gestures from roof top, held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh police arrested a man, in his early twenties, from the rooftop of a city hotel for passing lewd remarks at girls. Police said that the accused used to harass some girls staying at paying guest (PG) accommodations.The accused has been identified as Ram Parvesh, a native of Bihar , who was working in Sector 22 with a dry clean company. Five girls have lodged their complainant in this sexual harassment case.\"The complainant girls are staying as PGs in a house on the rearside of a hotel in Sector 22 B. The victims had said that he used to stand on the rooftop and pass lewd remarks and also made obscene gestures towards them. Initially, they ignored him but the accused started following them when they went out of the house. It was then that the girls approached the police,\" said Suresh Kumar , investigating officer of the case.He added, \"We laid a trap and arrested him on Sunday evening. Our probe is on.\"The accused has been booked under Section 294 (obscene acts and songs) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "howarah", "code": "17565509", "title": "Five hurt as Congress, TMC workers clash in Howrah", "text": "HOWARAH: The tension between Trinamool and Congress spread its tentacles to Howrah on Monday, with workers from both the sides clashed at Shibpur's GCRC Road leaving five injured.Rapid Action Force (RAF) and a huge contingent of policemen were deployed to control the hourlong strife, in which bullets were fired and bombs hurled. Though police have managed to detain four in this connection, the real trigger behind the clash is yet to be known.Of the five people injured from both the sides, the condition of two was stated to be serious. Shaquib Quereshi, a college student and the son of a Congress leader of ward 36, has been admitted to Howrah District Hospital in a critical condition. He was hit with a sword and has undergone 15 stitches on his head. Local Congressmen alleged that the miscreants' ire was aimed at Shaquib's father, Javed, who had been away at his shops on G T Road at the time of the attack.Javed, who owns a CD outlet and a meat shop on G T Road, alleged that armed supporters of local Trinamool leader, Shamim Ahmed, had barged into his GCRC Road residence on Monday and attacked his younger son Shaquib.\"The Trinamool supporters also hurled bombs and fired indiscriminately,\" alleged Javed. But the time he rushed home, the Trinamool supporters had reached his shops on G T Road and started ransacking those. They left with C Ds worth Rs 1 lakh and Rs 50,000 cash, alleged Javed.Congressmen in the area then retaliated by hurling bombs at Trinamool supporters near GCRC Ghat Road. A Trinamool youth leader, Irfan Hossain, was reportedly hit with a chopper in his abdomen and admitted to South Howrah General Hospital.Policemen, led by Rakesh Singh , additional commissioner of police (south Howrah), rushed to the spot and were soon joined by RAF personnel to bring the situation under control. Locals alleged that the police didn't react immediately since such clashes have become a regular affair in the area. every other day.Police commissioner Ajey Ranade, however, said, \"Had the police not reached the spot on time, a bigger brawl could have broken out. We are waiting for official complaints and will take action accordingly.\"According to Javed, the clash was triggered by an incident on Sunday night, when he and his supporters had shooed away a gang of criminals involved in stealing motorbikes and batteries of taxis. \"All these criminals enjoy the backing of Trinamool Congress and the local leader Shamim Ahmed of ward 36,\" alleged Javed. He said that the Trinamool was aggrieved because he and his men had caught the criminals on the prowl at GCRC Road and the connecting Foreshore Road.Shamim refuted the allegations saying neither he nor his party workers were involved in any kind of criminal activities. \"On the contrary, it is Javed who has been bringing outsiders and resorting to extortion. They attacked us when we protested and the clash broke out,\" said Shamim.The Trinamool and Congress tension travelled to the nearby Howrah on Monday noon as local groups clashed at Shibpur's GCRC Road, turning the area into a virtual battleground.Shutters downed and people stayed indoors in the aftermath. Police pickets have been posted.Five people were injured, two of them seriously. There are conflicting statements as to what led to the trouble. Even as police detained four, officials were yet to zero in on the real trigger behind the clash. Five people from both Trinamool and Congress sides were injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17565086", "title": "Hospital to set up fund for Jacintha Saldanha", "text": "LONDON: London's King Edward VII hospital will establish a memorial fund in the name of Jacintha Saldanha, an Indian-origin nurse who was working there and apparently committed suicide after being fooled by a prank call.The hospital was about to make a formal statement on the matter on Monday, a PR agency representing the hospital informed TOI.British MP of Goan-origin Keith Vaz , who met Jacintha's husband Benedict Barboza, son and daughter on Sunday, said: \"They are grief-stricken and shocked at her death.\" He further disclosed that the Mangalorean community in UK will be organizing a service for Jacintha next week.Scotland Yard , London's police headquarters, indicated that the post-mortem examination of Saldanha's body will take place on Tuesday. Earlier, this was supposed to have been carried out on Monday. The date of commencement of the inquest into the death is yet to be announced. This will be held, however, at the Westminster Coroner's Office. It is only after this process is completed and nothing suspicious found that Saldanha's body will be handed over to the family for them to take back to India for the last rites. On Sunday, Barboza wrote on Facebook that she will be buried in Shirva in Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17565663", "title": "Expo showcases 100 years of Indian filmmaking", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Presenting a visual treat to the delegates of the International Film Festival of Kerala (IFFK) that gives an evolutionary and technical perspective of filmmaking, the films division has started a week-long interactive expo of the Indian Cinema at the Kanakakunnu Palace here.\"This interactive expo depicts how the Indian cinema has grown through these 100 years, starting with its early animation devices, cameras, as well as sound and lighting equipment. The expo heralds the plan to set up a National Museum of Indian Cinema by next May, with its first phase at Gulshan Mahal, a heritage bungalow in Mumbai,\" films division Kerala in charge K Venugopal told TOI. The national films division has also invited people to donate their old artefacts, old films, shooting scripts, stamps, rare cameras, sound and projection equipment so that they can preserved for future generations, he said. The expo offers tribute to the doyens of the Indian film industry like Dadasaheb Phalke and also has a clip from the first Indian silent film 'Raja Harishchandra', made in 1913. It presents films in nine languages, including Malayalam.The expo concludes on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564649", "title": "Nod to ease norms for projects in 895 regularized colonies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit and her team of ministers approved a proposal to ease norms to enable development works in 895 unauthorized colonies declared 'regularized' in September.After the cabinet meeting, the Delhi CM stated that with regularization of 895 colonies, it has become essential to speed up developmental works. \"The cabinet decided to enhance the ambit of development works in 895 colonies. Henceforth, the executing agencies would be able to carry out repair works,\" she said.The move came a day ahead of the winter session of the assembly where the main opposition BJP is preparing to take on the state over loopholes in the regularization. Other items on its agenda include deaths at the government-run Sushruta Trauma Centre and the decision to allow foreign direct investment in retail.Minister-in-charge of urban development and revenue Arvinder Singh Lovely said registry will be opened in 312 of the 895 colonies this month. As per existing norms roads and drains can only be repaired after a stipulated time/completion of their expected life period. But now to woo the residents with the development mantra the cabinet will allow the agencies to take up development works like laying roads and repairs wherever required. The cabinet also decided to allow use of MLA Local Area Development Fund for these works.Meanwhile, a look at the scheduled business for the winter session reveals both the Congress and BJP sharpening their arsenals. The first day of the four-day session will be action-packed with two short duration discussions on notices of BJP MLAs on FDI and regularization of unauthorised colonies. \"There is no planning for schools, parks, hospitals and other civic amenities in these colonies. What regularization is the government talking about?\" leader of opposition VK Malhotra said.On Wednesday, a discussion has been scheduled on dengue deaths based on notices by Congress MLAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17563440", "title": "Mantralaya renovation plans hit heritage hurdle", "text": "MUMBAI: The ambitious Mantralaya redevelopment project has hit a roadblock. The Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee (MHCC) has not cleared the proposal, submitted to it last month, as it wants more details on the elements of the project and how it would blend with the existing structure, which is listed as a grade-IIB building in the proposed draft list and is a part of the Marine Drive precinct.Members of the heritage committee are curious to know how the proposed additions to Mantralaya would look and whether they would have any impact on the heritage nature of the building.\"We have asked for more details on the project. The committee will be given a detailed presentation next week, after which we will take a decision,\" said MHCC chairman V Ranganathan.Redevelopment of the building, which is 46 years old, was necessitated after its upper storeys were gutted in a fire on June 21 (five people were killed and thousands of files destroyed).The proposed makeover plan includes new grand stairways, which would land directly on the first floor, a dome, glass facades and an atrium on the ground floor. An underground parking lot has been proposed under the garden in front of the building.\"The committee is not clear about what the redevelopment plan is likely to do to the building. It is curious about the project and has sought more details,\" said a member. He also said the plan did not address the issue of fire safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17566358", "title": "Bird-hit did not force the aircraft to land, say DGCA experts", "text": "KOZHIKODE: On Monday, director general of civil aviation (DGCA) started a probe to ascertain the cause behind the engine damage that forcedd Air India flight AI 773 to make an emergency landing on Saturday night. DGCA air safety regional controller from Chennai R Durai Raj and team inspected the aircraft that had extensive damage in its right engine. They also checked the runway.It is learnt that a common palm civet might have been sucked into the aircraft engine during take-off. Experts ruled out a bird-hit since it would not have caused such serious damage. The exact identity of the animal will be clear after conducting a detailed chemical examination.The team, which sought the help of professor Subair Medammal of the Calicut University's zoology department, located pieces of bone and fur of the animal near the runway. Sources said engine experts, who arrived from Mumbai, used a borescope to ascertain the extent of the damage. Sources said the engine needs to be replaced.Kozhikode: On Monday, director general of civil aviation (DGCA) started a probe to ascertain the cause behind the engine damage that caused the Air India flight AI 773 to make an emergency landing on Saturday night.DGCA Air Safety Regional Controller from Chennai R Durai Raj and team today made inspected the aircraft which had suffered intense engine damage in the right engine and checked the runway.It is learnt that a common palmcivet could have got sucked into the aircraft engine during the take- off run resulting in the engine damage.Experts have ruled out a bird hit as the engine would not have such serious damage if it is hit by a bird. The exact identity of the animal will be clear after conducting detailed chemical examination.The team which sought the help of Dr. Subair Medammal, Assistant Professor, Calicut University Zoology Department, was able to find out pieces of bones and fur of the animal from near the runway. They would continue their investigations on Tuesday.According to AI sources engine experts who arrived from Mumbai conducted boroscopic examination of the engine to ascertain the extent of damage. Sources said that the engine has suffered extensive damage and will have to be replaced. The loss from the incident is expected to be in the tune of around 7- 10 crore.According to airport sources the presence of butcheries and dumping of waste in the open near the airport could have caused the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17564179", "title": "Man arrested for lodging false police complaint", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Chaderghat police have arrested a businessman who lodged a false complaint claiming that he was attacked with a knife a few days ago.On December 5, Waseem Khan, 30, a garments businessman from Chandrayangutta, had approached a police Rakshak vehicle at Chaderghat and claimed that he was attacked with a knife by bike-borne assailants near Nalgonda X Roads.Police noticed that Waseem had a bleeding injury on one of his wrists and rushed him to a corporate hospital in Banjara Hills. A case was booked under section 324 of the IPC at the Chaderghat police station in this regard.During investigation, Waseem gave contradictory versions about the attack, which made police suspicious about his claims. He was then interrogated thoroughly and Waseem confessed that he had inflicted the injury on himself after an altercation with his girlfriend.\"Waseem was heading towards Yashoda hospital in Malakpet for treatment of his injuries. Fearing that his parents might reprimand him for coming home with a self-inflicted injury, Waseem came up with the attack idea when he saw the Rakshak vehicle on the road,\" Chaderghat inspector L Raja Venkat Reddy said. Based on his confession, police recovered a small knife and three cellphones from Waseem's possession. Sections booked in the case have been accordingly altered from 324 of the IPC to 309 (An attempt to commit suicide) and 182 (Giving false information to a public servant). He was produced in court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17565837", "title": "Sack MS Dhoni, bring in new blood: Mohinder Amarnath", "text": "PUNE: Mohinder Amarnath on Monday joined the chorus against MS Dhoni's continuation as India's Test skipper, saying Dhoni's performances did not merit selection but nobody within the Indian cricket board (BCCI) had the \"guts\" to remove him.Known for his plain speaking, the 62-year-old Amarnath, one of the chief architects of India's first World Cup win in 1983, has had a stormy relationship with cricket authorities both during and after his playing days.A part of the previous selection committee for a while, Amarnath was in line to become chairman of selectors but was removed after alleged differences with the BCCI top brass. It was rumoured he was not in favour of Dhoni's continuation as captain after the string of defeats in England and Australia.The veteran of 69 Tests, known for his fearless approach while facing fast bowlers, said at a promotional event, \"Dhoni doesn't find a place in the team. What has he done for the team in the last one year? The selection committee does not have guts to remove Dhoni.\"Dispelling notions that he was bitter about the manner of his removal from the selection panel, Amarnath said, \"I am not against Dhoni. It is not that I do not like him. But we should look at it from a broader perspective. It is important to look at current performance of players rather than past performances.\"Amarnath, who used to represent North Zone in the selection panel, was rumoured to have had a tiff with the board over Dhoni's continuation and also disagreed over the team picked for the ICC World T20 Championship in September.\"There is no harm in having different captains for different forms of the game. I am impressed with Virat Kohli in the shorter version of the game. Gautam Gambhir could be a replacement for Dhoni in Tests,\" he said.Amarnath also said it was time for Sachin Tendulkar to take a call on his career. \"Sachin is a great cricketer. He has been playing for many years. Now he cannot play the way he was playing earlier. The time comes for everybody,\" he said.Amarnath was accompanied by his teammate of yesteryears and another selection committee chairman, Dilip Vengsarkar who echoed Amarnath's thoughts on Tendulkar.\"Sachin is a fantastic cricketer. He has contributed a lot for Indian cricket. However, he is now 39 years old. He will continue scoring runs, but not with the same speed. He will not dominate as he used to in the past,\" he said.Amarnath felt the team needed an injection of young blood.\"When other players are not performing, the youngsters should get opportunity to perform. We have to give them time and opportunity to show their performance,\" he said.Vengsarkar, on his part, said the replacements were not good enough.\"We are struggling with options at present. Some players are struggling with injuries. We do not have strong replacements for these players,\" he said, before adding, \"The team members have to remove themselves from their comfort zone and perform well.\"The former India captain did not rule out the return of Harbhajan Singh, Zaheer Khan and Yuvraj Singh, who have been dropped from the squad for the fourth Test in the ongoing series against England.\"Next year, we will be playing against Pakistan and Australia. Harbhajan, Yuvraj and Zaheer are talented. They always have a chance to come back,\" he said.Amarnath was also scathing on the IPL, saying, \"IPL is not cricket. It is an entertainment. IPL is not going to help other formats of Indian cricket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17566068", "title": "A fresh pitch for carpooling", "text": "BANGALORE: If traffic police have their way, carpooling may turn out to be an answer to the bumper-to-bumper crawl on Bannerghatta Road and in ITPL, Whitefield, in February next year.Realizing that carpooling is the only way to decongest roads during rush hour, police are working on a multi-pronged strategy to promote the concept.Besides liaising with IT and BT company managements and unleashing a publicity blitzkrieg on the issue, they are set to launch a website for aspiring carpoolers. Here carpoolers can get details on vehicles and routes they take.Traffic police had sought to promote carpooling in 2006 but in vain. But they are confident this time. \"Carpooling not only saves time, energy and fuel, but also helps reduce traffic flow on crowded stretches,\" additional commissioner of police (traffic) MA Saleem told TOI.As a first step, police will meet top officials of IT and BT companies. \"We will request them to inform their employees about carpooling,\" he said, adding, \"A person has also agreed to create a website dedicated to carpooling. This will contain all requisite information like company names, addresses of car owners, the route they take and travel timings among other things.\"Huge hoardings emphasizing the advantages of carpooling will be put up at strategic locations at ITPL and Bannerghatta Road, Saleem said.In 2006, carpooling efforts had hit a dead-end . Saleem, who was then DCP (traffic), said the endeavour was only a marginal success as very few IT and BT companies were involved. \"There was less number of companies those days. But now there are a good number of companies around and we are sure the carpooling concept will definitely click,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana ", "code": "17568627", "title": "Punjab Agricultural University gives advisory for Happy winters", "text": "Ludhiana : With the onset of winters, the home science experts of the Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) have issued advisory for making these winters, a happy winters for the denizens. They have advised the public to pay attention to home cleaning and be very cautious towards the diet and health of family members especially the children.An expert, Dr Sukhminder Kaur said that cold, cough, sneezing and chest congestion are common ailments, from which children usually suffer in winters. A mixture of ginger juice and honey is useful in case of cough and congestion, she suggested, while advising that steam and massage by using vicks or eucalyptus oil on nose, neck and chest can also relieve children of blocked nose and congestion. She also advised the use of tulsi , mulathi , banfsan and cardamom boiled in milk or tea as these could also be of great use in treating the ailments related to winters.\"The skin of the children, especially, exposed body parts also get dried and rough during winters. Therefore, wash their exposed parts with warm water and apply Vaseline or glycerine mixed in rose water, to keep the skin soft and smooth,\" she advised.Referring to diet and health care, Dr Kiran Grover informed that the fresh green leafy vegetables such as spinach, fenugreek and mustard are rich in heart protective nutrients like Vitamin A, folic acid, potassium, magnesium and antioxidants. The seasonal fruits like kinnow, guava, and amla are good for health as these are rich sources of Vitamin C and also help build immunity, she suggested. Advising to use natural seasoning like mint, coriander, spices, lime juice, ginger, and garlic to add flavour to the food, Dr Grover emphasized on taking a handful of mixed nuts such as almonds, walnut, cashewnut and peanut instead of heavy fired snacks in between the meals.About home cleaning, Dr Surinderjit Kaur suggested using thick dark coloured curtains for doors, windows, rugs for floor and thick bedspreads to bring warmth in rooms. In severe cold weather, hot air blower, room heater can be used for few hours to keep the room warm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17565476", "title": "4 killed in car-truck collision", "text": "JODHPUR: Four persons, including three siblings were killed while five others, including the parents sustained severe injuries when their car rammed a truck parked on Jodhpur-Nagaur highway on Sunday night. Injured were rushed to the MDM Hospital here. The condition of one is critical.According to the police, Dalpat Singh of Jodhpur was on his way to attend a marriage function at Nagaur on Sunday night.\"At least 70 km from Jodhpur, the car rammed the truck from behind around 1.00 am leading to the death of four persons on the spot\", told police.The deceased have been identified as Jitendra Singh, 10, Jitu Kanwar, 13, Seema Kanwar, 7 and Lakhan Singh, 30. Jitendra, Jitu and Seema were the children of Dalpat Singh, who is seriously injured, including his wife Guddi Kanwar and another son Tej Singh. Two others who were injured are Tiku Singh and Hirendra and the car driver.\"The injured were rushed to the MDM Hospital of Jodhpur soon after the mishap. All were out of danger except Dalpat Singh,\" the police said.The overworked drowsy driver could be a reason for the accident, who apparently failed to see the parked truck.The vehicle was stationed there following a technical snag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17566175", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation okays more funds to restore Nidham Park", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is finally moving to restore the lost glory of the historical Nidham Park. The project comprising the civic body's only swimming pool is likely to be opened for the public within two months.The standing committee meeting on Monday approved additional Rs26.01 lakh for the project on Subhash Road, behind Raman Science Centre. Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari said the project will be completed within a month and thrown open for the public.Nidham Park is historically significant, since it was the city's first swimming pool, constructed during the British period. It was a garden on the bank of Gandhisagar lake, constructed between 1899-1902. Later, two swimming pools were constructed and opened to the public on March 10, 1942. The swimming pools were in operation till 1995, after which the complex was abandoned.The state government had sanctioned special grants to NMC, which decided to overhaul Nidham Park at an estimated cost of Rs3.22 crore in 2009. Now, the project's cost has gone up by Rs26.01 lakh due to some additional works. Along with the two swimming tanks, measuring 25 and 13 meters long, NMC has also constructed a badminton hall and left some open space for sports and cultural activities.Meanwhile, the standing committee also took some decisions that will aggravate a running turf war between NMC and NIT. Tiwari said NIT is applying its own rules and ignoring NMC's views. \"NIT wants NMC to take no-objection certificate (NOC) for any works in layouts in its jurisdiction. But NIT does not follow this rule for works in NMC area. Funds are wasted due to this lack of coordination. Now, we have resolved to make it mandatory for NIT to take NOC from NMC,\" he said.In another decision, the standing committee also decided to collect supervision charges from NIT. \"NIT charges us while executing works sanctioned under DPDC or MLA funds. NMC too will recover similar charges,\" he said.On the controversy sure to be fuelled by this, Tiwari said NIT can no longer have its way. \"They are not ready to hand over open spaces in layouts. Besides, NIT handed over small, badly maintained gardens to NMC. But it is not handing over big gardens like Sakkardara, Crazy Castle etc,\" he said.The standing committee also asked the administration to resolve the problems of private vehicle agents by Tuesday. The agents stopped providing vehicles to 80-100 officials and office bearers from Monday end of day, to protest NMC's failure to finalize new tenders. Tiwari said the administration was wrong to avail vehicle services for last nine days without a proper work order in place.On Monday, NMC officials had to use their vehicles or hire autorickshaws. Some work was hit at NMC as officials cancelled all visits to sites due to lack of vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564666", "title": "Tibetans march for reform in homeland", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than a hundred Tibetans marched down Jantar Mantar Road with candles in absolute silence on Monday evening amidst self-immolations taking place in Tibet. The march also commemorated the 23rd anniversary of Dalai Lama's conferment of Nobel Peace Prize and the 64th anniversary of the International Human Rights Day.\"We have simple demands which are freedom of speech and expression, freedom of practising one's own religion and letting Dalai Lama enter Tibet,\" said Wangchuk of Central Tibetan Administration, one of the organizations that led the march.Young Tibetans expressed solidarity with those who have martyred themselves to lodge protest against the Chinese government. Phunshuk, a Tibetan studying in Delhi University, said, \"Coming to Delhi is way easier than going back. My parents also migrated to India due to the unrest.\"The protestors also asked for the return of Dalai Lama to Tibet. Pema Tsewang, a JNU student living in the Rohini Tibetan Hostel said, \"If he comes to Tibet, then peace will surely prevail.\"Since 2009, the self-immolations have reached an alarming count of 95. \"Everyday the Tibetans hope that the situation will change for the better. But Tibet has become a symbol of the failure of the Chinese model of nation building,\" Anand Kumar, an activist with India Tibet Society, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17563940", "title": "Gujarat BSF IG gets President medal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat BSF chief, IGP A K Sinha was awarded the President's Police Medal for distinguished services on the occasion of BSF Raising Day in New Delhi by Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde.A science graduate born in Jharkhand, Sinha, 49, joined the Indian Police Service in 1987 and was allotted to the Kerala Cadre. He joined BSF in 2009 as IG BSF Gujarat. Sinha has been credited with streamlining border domination along the entire Gujarat frontier and having successfully stopped illegal activities.Under his leadership, the BSF gained access to once inaccessible Harami Nala area and established posts there, due to which illegal intrusions by Pakistan nationals have been completely restricted.He was awarded the President's Police Medal for Meritorious Service in 2003. The President of India conferred the President's Police Medal for Distinguished Service to him in 2011.The medal was presented on BSF Raising Day - December 10, 2012 at New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564385", "title": "Condom use dips in 22 states, sets off population spurt alarm", "text": "NEW DELHI: Condom use among men in India is falling drastically \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a dangerous trend for the country's already swelling population.The Union health ministry has found that out of 34 states, 22 states have recorded a major dip in condom use in 2010-11 as against the previous year.The five states with the highest overall dip in condom use has been the Andaman and Nicobar islands (50%), Madhya Pradesh (39%), Sikkim (38%), Kerala (33%) and Haryana (31%).Almost every state which is designated as \"high focus non-north-east\" have recorded a dip.Uttarakhand has seen a 27% fall, Uttar Pradesh (11%) fall, Rajasthan (23%), Odisha and Chattisgarh (22%), Jharkhand (24%) and Himachal Pradesh (20%).Interestingly, Bihar and Jammu &amp; Kashmir are the only two states that have shown an increase in condom use - 38% and 8%, respectively. The status of condom use has remained stagnant in two states - Tamil Nadu and Punjab \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that have recorded no change between 2009-10 and 2010-11.Even among \"non-high focus large states\" there has been a dip in majority of them.Andhra Pradesh has recorded a 18% dip, Gujarat (16%), Haryana (31%), Karnataka (17%), Kerala (33%) and Maharashtra (25%).Some states have actually seen an increase in condom use. They include Arunachal Pradesh (35%), Assam (44%), Nagaland (122%), Goa and West Bengal 7% each.The official said, \"There were some condom procurement issues recently which could have dipped condom use in the country.\"Interestingly, this has become the trend at a time when the government has rolled out a scheme to make condoms available at the doorstep of an average villager in 17 states and 233 districts so that they don't have to travel or feel shy to ask for a condom.Under the \"door-to-door contraceptive\" programme, Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHAs) are being supplied directly with contraceptives for free. ASHAs are selling them for Re 1 for a pack of three condoms. And, the sum collected is their commission.Union health ministry officials told TOI that children who are born because of lack of poor access to contraceptive services \u00e2\u20ac\u201d also known as the unmet need \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are a major cause of India's population boom.Health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad has earlier said that improving use of any form of contraceptives will help India reach its population target of 165 crore people in 2060.Azad had earlier said, \"We can't fool ourselves anymore. Unless the rapid growth of population is contained, it will be difficult to ensure quality education, healthcare, food and housing, clean drinking water, sanitation, hygiene and a healthy environment for all.\"India saw 42,000 fewer births in 2008 because of contraceptive use. Additionally, the lives of nearly 95,000 women were also saved \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 60% of maternal deaths averted because of couples using contraceptives.The birth of three and above three children accounts for 45% of the 26 million births that take place each year. Preference for a male child and high infant mortality accounts for 20% of births.India had set itself the goal of attaining replacement levels of fertility \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 2.1 by 2010 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to achieve the larger goal of population stabilization by 2045. However, by the end of 2010, only 14 states achieved the target. In fact, six states have fertility as high as three-four.A study announced by the Lancet recently said contraceptive use averts almost 230 million births every year.The Johns Hopkins study satisfying the global unmet need for contraception of women who want to limit or space their pregnancies but are not using contraception could reduce maternal deaths by 30%, saving around 104,000 lives per year.According to the Lancet study, each year, nearly 50 million of the 190 million women who become pregnant undergo abortions to terminate unwanted pregnancies, and about 13% of maternal deaths are caused by complications of abortion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17566171", "title": "Oriental under I-T lens for under-reporting toll revenues", "text": "NAGPUR: After a Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) investigation two years ago, Oriental Structural Engineers, the company that was also in was also in news for the controversial toll plaza on way to Butibori, had an income tax raid on its premises on Monday.Taxmen are suspecting under-reporting of toll tax collected from commuters by this company that makes roads on built operate transfer (BOT) basis. The action, which originated from Delhi, covered company's premises in Nagpur also. Tax sleuths also swooped on a city-based company M/s D P Jain Pvt Ltd having its business ties with Oriental Structures. M/s D P Jain, having an office at Law College square, is run by brothers Deepak and Girish Jain and has taken up assignments as sub-contractors of Oriental Structures.However, when contacted, one of the directors Deepak Jain claimed ignorance of any such action by income tax though tax sleuths confirmed the raid.Having Delhi-based businessman Kanwaljit Singh at the helm, Oriental Structures faced CBI action in 2010 as this agency probed into an alleged case of kickbacks for bagging the Nagpur-Betul highway project from National Highway Authority of India (NHAI). CBI recovered cash worth over Rs 2 crore from a couple of NHAI officials' homes.An income tax source who refused to divulge much said, \"the Nagpur office is coordinating with the team in Delhi from where the raid has originated. This is one of the major actions, with five premises including the toll plazas being covered. However, since the team only conducted a survey, no assets were seized as it happens in a search operation. The relevant documents were impounded.\"The taxmen are also probing into a likely inflation of expenditure so as to bring down the profits apart from looking into the aspect of under-reporting of receipts in the form of toll tax.Oriental has taken up substantial works around Nagpur including the outer ring-road which was constructed on built operate and transfer (BOT) basis. A toll plaza built at Dongagaon on way to Butibori industrial township had led to litigation against this company. The Butibori Manufacturers Association (BMA), had moved the High Court contending that the toll booth was located much before the road built by Oriental Structures. So vehicles going to Butibori without using the outer-ring road ahead were also being charged the toll. The High Court ordered removal of the booth and BMA's stance was upheld by the Supreme Court too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17566382", "title": "Rights bodies reaffirm call to scrap AFSPA", "text": "IMPHAL: A large number of social organizations and human rights bodies in Manipur reaffirmed their demand to scrap the controversial Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act on the occasion of International Human Rights Day on Monday.The disturbed area status Act, which gives unbridled powers to the arms forces even to the extent to shoot people on mere suspension, has been extended for a year except the seven assembly constituencies within Imphal Municipal Council (IMC) by a recent cabinet meeting in the stateIn the aftermath of the rape and killing of Thangjam Manorama Devi by Assam Rifles personnel in July 2004, the military act was lifted from IMC areas. Demanding repeal of the Act, Irom Sharmila has also been fasting since the last 12 years.Irom Singhajit, the elder brother of Sharmila, said the legislators of the state should at least understand the plight of people reeling under the \"oppressive Act.\"Singhajit, who is also a trustee of Just Peace Foundation (JPF), a trust set up for Sharmila's cause, vowed that they, along with other civil and human rights bodies of the state, will continue to campaign unless AFSPA is scrapped.Observing the day, the state unit of Indian National Trade Union Congress underscored their trade union and human rights on the occasion. Legislator Z Kikhonbou Newmai said the workers' rights must be protected understating their immense contribution to society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17564451", "title": "NASA astronaut takes students on a space ride", "text": "MUMBAI: Ever dreamt of having a space centre in school or getting first-hand information from an astronaut working with NASA? Well this was made possible for students at Mulund's NES International School.Students from nearly 12 city schools got to meet Capt Jon McBride, an astronaut who came to the school to design and demonstrate a '4 Dimension Space Exploration Programme'. The two-day event, organized by the Mulund school, was a unique initiative to bring students up close with celestial bodies and quench their curiosity to know more about space and research.The event commenced with the inauguration of a space exploration centre created in the school followed by a workshop titled'Earth to Space'. McBride began his interaction by emphasizing the importance of education. \"Chase your dreams but before that make sure you complete your education,\" he said. Students quizzed McBride on space, the discoveries so far and various career prospects in this field. Questions shot at the astronaut ranged from whether there were aliens in space to which is the fastest space shuttle.Narrating to the young space enthusiastabout his maiden expedition and tips to survive in space, McBride said, \"Looking at Earth from space is the greatest feeling one can ever get.\" To make the event a memorable experience for the students, aA model rocket launching exercise was also held while some students participated in a space colony designing contest.\"This 4 dimensional space programme will not only help explore the concept of space and the universe but also give students an opportunity to advance their careers in space sciences and as astronauts,\" said Dr R Varadarjan, founder principal of the school and president of NES-SVB group of institutions. Other eminentguests present were Dr Jaydeep Mukherjee, director of NASA Florida space grant, and Sreela M, another NASA official. Giving students insights about the career prospects in space engineering and astronomy, Mukherjee said, \"It is a myth that only students good at physics can be employed at NASA.\" There are various options to pursue a career in space science and it is a lucrative one that will be in the limelight for at least another 50 years, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "17566003", "title": "Karwar citizens demand reopening of quarries", "text": "KARWAR: Members of Zilla Janapara Sanghatanegala Okkota on Monday submitted a memorandum to the chief minister requesting him to allow the functioning of stone quarries, stone crushers and sand extraction in Uttara Kannada district.In a memorandum submitted to the deputy commissioner, the members said quarrying of laterite and other stones were banned citing the order of the Supreme Court and this had hindered developmental works by the government and construction of houses by the public.The developmental funds released by the Centre for the development of Uttara Kannada district was returned by the state government due to the non-availability of stones and sand in the district. People have to purchase sand, laterite and stones from neighbouring districts. Earlier, there was a provision to impose fine on quarry owners and sand extractors to regularize quarrying and sand extraction. But the exercise has been completely stopped, the memorandum says.Dr Nagesh Naik, district president of the Okkoa, handed over the memorandum to Vijayamahantesh, additional deputy commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17565071", "title": "'Gutted' over nurse death, prankster RJs say sorry", "text": "MELBOURNE: Two Australian radio hosts who made a hoax call to an elite London hospital treating Prince William's pregnant wife Kate on Monday apologized, as they tearfully spoke of being \"shattered, gutted, heartbroken\" over the death of an Indian-origin nurse caught up in the prank. Radio station 2Day FM presenters Mel Greig and Michael Christian said they were devastated by the news of 46-year-old Jacintha Saldanha's death, according to media reports here.When asked how they reacted when told of the death of Saldanha, the mother of two, both DJs broke down in tears.While Christian said he was \"shattered, gutted, heartbroken\", Greig replied it was \"gut wrenching\", the worst phone call of her life. \"Our deepest sympathies are with the family and the friends (of Saldanha),\" Christian said.\"It came into my head that I just wanted to reach out to them (the family), give them a big hug and say sorry. I hope they're OK, I really do,\" Greig said. The two presenters were interviewed by Channel Nine and the Seven Network.Greig and Christian posing as Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Charles made the call which was received by Saldanha at London's King Edward VII Hospital. She put them through to a colleague who divulged details of the pregnant Kate's health conditions. Saldanha was subsequently found dead under mysterious circumstances.According to 'The Age', their partial transcript pre-recorded interview was screened on Monday. The host Tracey Grimshaw asked who came up with the idea for the prank call. \"It was just the team sitting down before the show - just had the idea for just a simple harmless phone call,\" Christian said. \"... when we thought about making a call, it was going to go for 30 seconds. We were going to be hung up on, and that was it,\" Christian said. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17564568", "title": "India lacks skill to beat top teams: Rahul Dravid", "text": "The clamour for an overhaul in Indian cricket keeps growing. The latest to come out in scathing criticism of Team India's lack of ability is the recently-retired Rahul Dravid , who told the BBC's Test Match Special that MS Dhoni's men lacked the skill to beat top teams and should be made more accountable for their on-field efforts.India are 1-2 down in the Test series heading into the final Test in Nagpur.\"India haven't been able to put up a fight. You can't demand runs, but you can at least demand accountability in terms of intensity and effort,\" Dravid said.\"India have been poor in the field and their physical fitness is disappointing me. That's not an excuse.\"Dravid went on to question the ability of new Indian players.\"People talk about attitude and say the players don't care because there is too much money in the IPL... But the main thing is their lack of skill and ability, which is more worrying. It raises questions as to the talent and quality of players coming through.\"Dravid, India's second-highest run getter in Tests, raised questions about India's cricket set-up and the feeder lines in place for the national team.He said BCCI needed to work out \"how to bring through young players who have the skill, technique, temperament and desire to play Test cricket.\"\"One of the challenges is that our domestic cricket is not of the quality to allow players to seamlessly move into international cricket. England have put a mirror up to Indian cricket and shown them the challenges that they face,\" he added.\"Having 'A' tours and the academy system is becoming more and more important. I think England have been pretty good with that in the way that the academy travels every winter to different parts of the world. I think that is something India can learn from England,\" Dravid said, pointing out that \"lessons need to be learned from this series.\"The recently-retired batsman said India had been out bowled in the spin department.\"That's a worrying sign because spin has been our strength,\" Dravid said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17565727", "title": "Ahmedabad tourist hurt in banana boat ride at Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: A tourist from Ahmedabad was injured when he was trying to board a banana boat ride at Calangute on Sunday evening. Lifeguards at Calangute said that the tourist, Savaliya Tarang, 23, sustained a cut on his left leg when he fell off the boat that was pulling a banana boat at around 6.10pm.His companions brought him to the lifeguard tower for first aid assistance, following which he was taken to the Candolim primary health centre for further treatment in a 108 ambulance. The tourist was unable to identify the watersports operator whose boat he was attempting to ride, it is learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17566433", "title": "Milk workers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 begin 3-day strike in Bhuleshwar", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly 450 families residing in and around Bhuleshwar, including on Peddar Road and Carmichael Road, may not get their daily supply of milk for three days as workers of the 175-year-old charitable organization, Bombay Panjrapole, began a three-day strike on Monday. \"Workers will take away their daily entitlement of 1 litre each and the rest, they said, will be discarded,\" said trustee and chairperson Rustom Jeejeebhoy. Mumbai Gumasta union chief Shankar Salvi said the stir is due to the trustees' failure to agree to their demand of ensuring marriage and other emergency loans of upto Rs 2 lakh to workers against PF and salaries, as were being given earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17566044", "title": "Lingaraju case: Court moots SIT probe into murder", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Monday gave two more days to the government to decide on entrusting the probe of RTI activist Lingaraju's recent murder to a special investigation team.\"It is remarkable that ever since investigation started, the present corporator hasn't been arraigned as an accused. Documentary evidence shows that jewellery of the wife of the accused had been pledged for raising Rs 20 lakh which appears to be used for payment for hiring the killers. Prima facie, we think the SIT should be constituted as the accused are very influential persons,\" a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen observed.Earlier, Hashmath Pasha, who is assisting the court as amicus curiae, said police are not carrying out their investigation and it is a fit case to be referred to a probe by an independent agency like the CBI as the accused are very influential persons.\"Even 20 days after the murder , no eyewitness statement has been recorded. The state is not concerned,\" he said while submitting documents through a memo.\"It (investigation) is not for fixing anyone. What it wants to know is the real cause and who is involved. But till today, the corporator's name is not there in the accused list,\" he told the court.Lingaraju was brutally murdered in front of his house on May 20. The high court took up the newspaper reports as suo motu PIL. The Chamarajpet police arrested Govindaraju, husband of Azadnagar corporator C Gowramma, on the charges of hiring the killers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17565481", "title": "Close shave for kid on broken tracks", "text": "KOLKATA: A broken tram track on Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Road turned deadly for a tiny tot whose feet got trapped in a piece of protruding track, causing him to stumble in the middle of rush-hour traffic on Monday morning. He was inches from being run over by a car, but thanks to the alert driver, escaped with cuts and bruises.The near-tragedy sparked anger in the neighborhood. Local residents and shopkeepers blocked the high-traffic road for more than one-and-a-half hours, accusing Calcutta Tramways Company of habitual negligence. The broken track had been lying for days but CTC woke up to the danger only after the accident. \"This is not the only instance. We often see tracks jutting out dangerously but the tram company never repairs them, in spite of being informed by tram operators,\" said shopkeeper Snehangshu Pramanik.This is the only stretch of tram tracks that has not been concretised yet. The road is a nightmare for motorists and pedestrians, who have to negotiate craters in the cobbled stones, gaps between the tracks and the road where a wheel or someone's foot can easily get stuck, and splintered tracks jutting out dangerously.The track that nearly killed the child was near Peace Haven. His mother was holding his hand as they crossed the road around 8am but the six-year-old stumbled on the track and fell down, right in the path of a Maruti Alto. Passersby screamed in horror and the driver, too, spotted the child in time and slammed the brakes. Amid a squealing of tyres, the car stopped inches from the boy. Locals rushed to the boy's aid and took him to hospital as others uprooted the length of track.A snap blockade ensued, but it wasn't till around 9.30am that a CTC team arrived, escorted by policemen. They did some patchwork, but it wasn't enough. When TOI visited the spot soon after, a length of track close to the repair spot had gotten loose and was jutting out again. \"CTC has never paid heed to our pleas to repair the tracks on the 3km stretch from Nonapukur to Subodh Mullick Square. There are at least four other spots where tracks have become weak and may cause an accident any time. Watch your step,\" said local resident Mukhtar Ahmed.CTC conceded to the problem. \"This is the only place where tracks are laid on bricks that become loose. We will overhaul the stretch soon. In fact, part of the tram pathway near Subodh Mullick Square crossing has been concretised. We have surveyed the damaged portions of the tram track and will make thorough repairs,\" a CTC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17569166", "title": "Taylor Swift reveals stalker fears", "text": "Taylor Swift has revealed that she is \"grateful\" to her security team for making sure that she stays safe from the possible acts of her alleged stalkers.The 22-year-old singer gets nervous when her minders send picture messages of her crazed fans, and hates talking about them because she gets worried that they might try to \"steal her\" one day.\"I get nervous when I have stalker incidents. I try not to talk too much about it because it scares me. Sometimes you get a dude who kind of wants to steal you,\" Contactmusic quoted her telling Britain's Cosmopolitan magazine.\"That's why I'm so grateful I have people looking after me, like Dennis [bodyguard]. Over the past couple of years it's got worse. I get told if there's been an attempt or a threat.\"\"My security text me a picture and say, 'Look out for this dude; he's driven across the country, he's off his meds,' or something like that. No one has ever been successful in getting into my house or anything like that. I have an amazing security team,\" she said.Swift, who is who is currently dating One Direction singer Harry Styles, tries to live her life \"in spite\" of being stalked rather than dwelling on it, and she admits the situation is simply the \"price you pay\" for being famous.\"There are a lot of them. I just try to be safe and be conscious of people around me. It's the same with paparazzi; it's something you just have to deal with. It's the price you pay for getting to do what you love,\" she said.\"You can let it take over your life and make you fearful all the time, or you can live your life in spite of it,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17565494", "title": "Forest cover shrinks in district", "text": "LUDHIANA: The district has witnessed a decrease in the total forest cover from existing 2.69% of the total area to 1.79% of the total area in the last decade.This dip in the forest cover between 2001 and 2011, assessed by the Forest Survey of India, is not the only criteria to ascertain the depletion of green cover in the district. Even the recent figures of compensatory forest cover, which accounts the plantation that compensates felling of trees for infrastructure development suggests the forest department has been permitting to fell more trees than being planted.According to the recent record of compensatory plantation of forests from January 2012 till date, the forest authorities have permitted plantation of about 2.24 lakh saplings while allowing to chop over a lakh trees for road construction. The survival rate of these saplings is about 30%.The roads on which trees will be chopped for construction or widening include GT Road, Mullanpur-Barnala road, Ludhiana-Ferozepur road, Ludhiana-Malerkotla road and Sidhwan Canal road.Divisional forest officer Daljit Singh Brar said they have ordered compensatory forest plantation of 2.24 lakh saplings when permitting to fell about a lakh trees on major roads. \"The survival rate of these is about 30-40%. We are making all efforts to increase the forest cover in Ludhiana,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17563787", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAssam burns, not Gujarat\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief minister Narendra Modi tried to make the 3D Projection technology meeting more lively by having a young girl walk up to him and take his autograph as he addressed 53 meetings across the state simultaneously.This was the last 3D 'meeting' addressed by Modi before campaigning for the first phase ends at 5 pm on Tuesday. Addressing the meetings, Modi took potshots at Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and All India Congress Committee president Sonia Gandhi. He also touched a communal chord in his speech.Attacking the Prime Minister for his remarks that the minority community is not safe in Gujarat, Modi hit back claiming that Singh was playing votebank politics by trying to create a division between the majority and minority communities. \"In my Gujarat there has been no curfew for the past 12 years and people are living in harmony and unity. But PM, in the last 10 years, Gujarat has been the most peaceful and peace-loving state in the country. Instead, look at Assam, the state you represent in Rajya Sabha. Assam has been burning and till date the issue hasn't been resolved,\" he said.Naming the girls in Mumbai who were arrested for posting comments on Facebook, he said even these Muslim girls, after they were out of the jail had said that they would want to stay in Gujarat as they felt that they were safer in Gujarat than in Maharashtra. \"This was a slap on the face of those who were defaming Gujarat for the past 10 years.\"Giving out figures, Modi said that there was less rioting in the state compared to other parts of the country.Taking a dig at UPA ministers and Sonia Gandhi he said that there was lack of coordination between Gandhi and her minister. Modi said that on one hand UPA ministers were attacking Gujarat for non performance, but on the other hand it was the same UPA government which was giving awards to the state.\"Sonia Gandhi and other Congress leaders alleged that Gujarat government has misused JNNURM funds. But instead 80% of awards have been won by cities in Gujarat for projects under JNNURM,\" he said.Modi also took a dig at the UPA for the failure of his government in providing education. \"After the 2011 census it was the same UPA government which had all praises for Gujarat when it comes to achievement in primary education and literacy,\" said Modi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17565640", "title": "Five including spouse held, in man's murder", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 38-year-old woman, her father and three other relatives were arrested on Monday for the murder of her husband at Kottur Malayandipattinam near Pollachi. Police found a badly charred body near Ramapattinam village in Kangeyam on November 27 which was later identified as that of S Gokulakrishanan (43), hailing from Devanampalayam in Pollachi. They were able to identify him with the help of partially burned visiting cards found on him.The accused has been identified as G Uma Maheswari (38), wife of the deceased, her father T Kandasamy (60) from Kottur Malayandipattinam and her close relatives T Palanisamy (55), P Krishnasamy alias Kittusamy (67), and P Arumugam (73), all hailing from Kottur Malayandipattinam.\"Gokulakrishnan had sold his agricultural land so that he could lead a lavish life. His wife was unhappy about this and she asked him to transfer ownership of their remaining property to her. When he refused to do so, their relationship deteriorated. Eventually, Uma Maheswari conspired with her father and relatives and murdered her husband,\" said inspector A Palaniappan, Kangeyam police station.Police said, Gokulakrishnan and Uma Maheswari had been married for 13 years and they have a 12-year-old daughter Miruthu Hasini. He was an alcoholic who spent most of his time with friends consuming alcohol. He travelled often and led a luxurious life. Uma was disgusted with his lifestyle and often advised him to curtail his spending. She even spent a few months with her parents when things became complicated between them.Gokulakrishnan wanted to bring his wife back home so he approached her father Kandasamy and promised to give up his bad habits and look after the family. However, Kandasamy insisted that he transfer his property in his daughter's name. He agreed to do so and thus Uma decided to return home to her husband. However, after a few days she came to know that her husband had actually sold the land discreetly. When she petitioned the Coimbatore court, the judgment was not in her favour.Frustrated and desperate, Uma conspired with her father and relatives to murder Gokulakrishnan. On November 27, Kandasamy, Palanisamy, Krishnasamy and Arumugam came to Devanampalayam and consumed liquor along with Gokulakrishnan. They asked the latter to transfer ownership of land to his wife but he refused to do so. Consequently, they strangled him with a rope, took his body to a deserted place near Ramapattinam village, doused his body with petrol and set fire to it.On Sunday night Kangeyam police traced the location of the accused and arrested them under section 302 (murder), 364 (kidnapping in order to murder) and 201 (causing disappearance of evidence of offence or giving false information to screen offender) of Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17565698", "title": "Who said pleasure is just skin deep", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: For those convinced that a prosthetic gives more pleasure than doing it with a condom, here's some good news. HLL Lifecare is set to launch a dotted condom with a texture so fine that it will, or so the company guarantees, make its users perform out of their skin.The best dotted condom on sale in India currently has 390 dots, while the proposed one will have 1,500 dots, making the surface far more ribbed and studded and thus enhancing friction. \"The new variant is meant to encourage the use of condoms without sacrificing satisfaction. We want to make usage of condoms a pleasurable experience,'' said chairman and managing director of HLL Lifecare M Ayyappan.The dotted condom was first launched by the firm in 2008 and the 300 dotted condom was the first major upgrade. The 1,500 dot version has already been launched on a trial basis in various cities in the country in October. \"We have received a tremendous response. Now we are going to extend its reach in the country and even market it in the Middle East countries,'' said Ayyappan.As the super thin and glow-by-night versions become a spent force, chemists and stockists will hopefully see sales of the new heavy duty \u00e2\u20ac\u201d dotted, rather \u00e2\u20ac\u201d condom soar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "17565283", "title": "After failed rape bid, youth sets minor on fire", "text": "ALWAR: In a bizarre crime, a youth attempted to rape a 12-year-old girl inside her house in the presence of her two sisters and grandfather in Alwar's Govindgarh area. However, when he failed in the bid, he returned two days later and set the girl on fire. The girl is now battling for life in hospital.What's even more shocking is that instead of seeking justice for the girl, the local village panchayat tried to get the youth married to the minor. However, the police arrested the youth and booked him for attempt to murder after the rape bid.According to police, the attack took place in Sadampur village near Govindgarh. \"Jaspal (21) barged into the house of the 12-year-old girl late on Friday evening. The three girls were sleeping in the room. He then attempted to rape the youngest girl in the presence of her two sisters. The girls' grandfather was sleeping in another room. Their father was out of the village and their mother had died a few years ago,\" said SHO, Govindgarh, Ashok Khatri.The officer said Jaspal fled from the house when the girl's sisters raised the alarm. \"They started crying for help. Before anyone could react, he set the girls' bed on fire and fled,\" the officer said. He even bolted the house from outside before fleeing. The three sisters and grandfather somehow managed to douse the fire, but didn't inform the police.When the villagers came to know about the attack, a panchayat meeting was held in the presence of elders.Police said the panchayat issued a diktat that the girl should be married off to the youth. However, the girl's grandfather objected to this saying he could not give his consent since the girl's father was not in the village.\"The girl's family members said Jaspal came back again on Monday morning, poured kerosene on the 12-year-old girl and set her ablaze, after which he fled,\" said the officer.Family members doused the fire and rushed the girl to the Rajiv Gandhi Hospital in Alwar where her condition is serious. Jaspal has since been arrested.\"She has sustained burns. We got her statement recorded at the hospital in the presence of a magistrate. She is undergoing treatment. We have arrested Jaspal. During preliminary investigation, it has come up that the youth used to visit the girl's house often,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17563839", "title": "Sangram's murder: Eyewitness fears for life", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An eyewitness, who helped police identify one of the killers of Sangram Mallick after his murder in Khandagiri area late on Friday, is spending sleepless nights apprehending backlash from the absconding accused.Based on his statement, police on Saturday had arrested one Trinath Das. He was produced in a lower court here on Sunday. Das' younger brother Arjun is the main accused. DCP Nitinjeet Singh said Sangram had a brawl with Trinath a few days ago. \"Arjun and two of his associates eliminated him to settle old scores. Manhunt is on to nab the trio,\" Singh said. Sangram was a history-sheeter, so is Arjun, police said. Sangram, earlier booked in a murder case, was out on bail in another offence, last week.\"There is threat to my life. Since I narrated the murder sequence to the police, the accused will target me,\" said the eyewitness, a betel shop owner. The three miscreants had knocked the door of his shop at around 2 am and asked for cold drink. One of the unsolicited visitors was his acquaintance. He was asked to lead them to Sangram's house at gunpoint. \"One of them shot dead Sangram while he was sleeping, in my presence,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17565341", "title": "Chief minister mercy for 51 lifers", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government has decided to release another 51 lifers serving rigorous punishment from 14 years to 25 years. The government will now prepare the papers for their release as soon as possible. The chief minister also announced that her government would not oppose the bail petition by 75-year old ailing Maoist veteran Sushil Roy languishing in jail, considering his age.This is the second tranche of release by the state that has so far released 55 political prisoners after the Trinamool came to power. \"Today we are announcing the release of another 51 lifers, in addition to the release of 83 lifers that has already been announced. We have noticed that one of them named Ramu Mahato, have been serving in jail for 32 years. Their family members will definitely be very happy,\" the chief minister said at Writers' Buildings.Acting on writer and social activist Mahasweta Devi's request, the CM went soft on ailing Maoist leader Sushil Roy who has been languising in jail, facing chargesheet in four cases. \"Considering his age, we are not opposing his bail petition. We wish he keeps well,\" the chief minister said.Roy was arrested from Midnapore( West Bengal ) on 21 May 2005 and lodged in Chaibasa jail and later shifted to Giridih jail in Jharkhand. He is presently admitted in the All India Institute of Medical Science (AIIMS) in New Delhi for treatment.Earlier, after coming into power on May 2011, the Mamata Banerjee government had announced the release of 55 political prisoners and 83 prisoners convicted to life term following the recommendation of the state appointed Bandi Mukti committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17563432", "title": "Central Railway will run trains from CST to Vashi during megablocks", "text": "MUMBAI: Soon, people living in Navi Mumbai will be able to take local trains to CST even during megablocks, when harbour-line services get suspended for maintenance work. As of now, Navi Mumbai residents have no option but to travel by road when megablocks are imposed. Unlike Central Railway's main line, which has four corridors, harbour line has only two corridors. During main line megablocks, if services are suspended on the slow line, commuters use the fast corridor.The plan can be implemented once the remodeling of Thane yard is complete (likely by the first week of January 2013). CR general manager Subodh Jain said, \"Once work on crossings (see graphic) concludes, it would become possible to run trains from CST to Navi Mumbai via Thane. The improvement in the yard, too, will help us introduce more services on the busy Thane-Karjat and Thane-Kasara sections.\"As per the plan, train services for Navi Mumbai via Thane will run on the CST-Thane main line (see circled map in graphic). From Thane, they will switch tracks for Navi Mumbai via the existing trans-harbour network (Thane-Vashi and Thane-Panvel). \"For this to happen, a crossover will have to be provided at Mulund to allow trains to switch tracks from the fifth and sixth corridors to platforms 9 and 10, from where the trans-harbour trains originate and terminate at Thane,\" said a senior CR official.The station has 10 platforms. The first to fourth platforms are reserved for slow trains, the fifth to eighth for fast and long-distance trains, and the ninth and tenth for trains for Vashi/Nerul. Every day, more than 1,500 trains pass through Thane.A CR official said, \"A series of day and night blocks are planned in the first week of January to complete the work. There will be no disruption to long-distance train time tables because blocks are not required to be imposed on fast corridors. For slow corridors, too, the blocks have been planned in such a manner that there will be minimal disturbance to traffic.\"The authorities have also planned to extend the length of platforms 5 and 6 after removing the old signaling cabin to accommodate 24-coach mail/express trains. A CR official said, \"As of now, some trains have to be given double halts at these platforms, which are shorter and cannot accommodate 24-coach trains.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17566426", "title": "Scientists decode secret of gentle touch", "text": "LONDON: In a study, fruit flies have helped researchers uncover the molecular basis of gentle touch, which is one of the most fundamental but least well understood of our senses.Researchers at the University of California , San Francisco (UCSF) observed an alteration in the movement of a new born fruit fly larva when they stroked its body ever-sogently with a freshly plucked eyelash.Our ability to sense gentle touch is known to develop early and to remain ever-present in our lives, from the first loving caresses our mothers lavish on us as newborns to the fading tingle we feel as our lives slip away.But until now, scientists have not known exactly how humans and other organisms perceive such sensations. In the new study, the UCSF team has identified the exact subset of nerve cells responsible for communicating gentle touch to the brains of Drosophila larvae \u00e2\u20ac\u201d called class III neurons.They also uncovered a particular protein called NOMPC, which is found abundantly at the spiky ends of the nerves and appears to be critical for sensing gentle touch in flies .Without this key molecule, the team discovered , flies are insensitive to any amount of eyelash stroking, and if NOMPC is inserted into neurons that cannot sense gentle touch, those neurons gain the ability to do so.\"NOMPC is sufficient to confer sensitivity to gentle touch,\" Yuh Nung Jan, who led the study with his wife Lily Jan, said. The work sheds light on a poorly understood yet fundamental sense through which humans experience the world and derive pleasure and comfort. Jan added that while the new work reveals much, many unanswered questions remain, including the exact mechanism through which NOMPC detects mechanical force and the identity of the analogous human molecules that confer gentle touch sensitivity in people.The discovery is a good example of basic brain research paving the way toward answering such questions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "muktsar", "code": "17565539", "title": "Accused SAD leader's nephews booked", "text": "MUKTSAR: Four days after a Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) politician killed a Punjab police cop in Amritsar for stopping him from molesting his daughter, two close relatives of another Akali leader have been booked by the police for firing shots in air at a public place here on Monday.Gurbhej Singh and Kala Singh, the nephews of Sant Singh Brar, who is the SAD head of Gidderbaha constituency in Muktsar, were booked on Sunday night along with four others for allegedly making an attempt to take possession of a piece of land and opening fire to create panic.The accused have not been arrested as of yet. Police officials said that Gurbhej Singh and Kala Singh, residents of Kauni village, had gone to Doda village to take possession of land worth over Rs 12 lakh.Officials said the land belonged to one Tejvinder Singh, and the accused drank liquor by the roadside before reaching the land and opening fire.A police team reached the spot and later registered a case on the complaint of Tejvinder, who told the police that the accused opened fire to scare him and create panic.\"Initial investigations have revealed that the accused had fired six rounds and they were drunk. There is no evidence to suggest that they wanted or attempted to kill anybody,\" said Muktsar SSP Surjit Singh.Alleging that the police were protecting the nephews of the Akali leader, local MLA Raja Waring said that they wanted to grab the adjoining house belonging to Gian Kaur, a dalit woman.Kaur, a local resident, alleged that both the accused, who owned a shop near her house, had threatened her many times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17565344", "title": "Govt doctor sends patient to illegal abortion centre, held", "text": "AURANGABAD: Medical superintendent of Kaij in Beed district who had conducted his own sting operation two months ago to expose another government medical officer indulging in illegal abortions at his private nursing home, has been arrested by the police on Sunday evening for abetting the crime.Ashok Thorat, medical superintendent of sub-district hospital, Kaij, on whose complaint medical officer Chandrakant Lamture was arrested, was booked under various sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) for helping Lamture conduct illegal abortions, said police inspector Dinkar Dambale of Kaij police on Monday.\"Thorat had sent a patient to Akshada women and children's hospital, Kaij, owned by Lamture apparently to fix him. Lamture was not on good terms with Thorat,'' Dambale said. Thorat was arrested and produced before the court of judicial magistrate Class I on Sunday, who remanded him in judicial custody till December 21.``Instead of performing the medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) at the government hospital at Kaij or referring the patient to other government hospital for MTP, Thorat insisted that she go to Lamture's hospital, and subsequently conducted the sting operation on the hospital and lodged a complaint with the police,\" said Dambale.Lamture was allegedly caught performing the illegal abortion in a sting operation on September 30. He was arrested and booked under Indian Penal Code (IPC) Sections 312 (causing miscarriage), 315 (act done with intent to prevent child being born alive or to cause it to die after birth), 316 (causing death of quick unborn child by act amount to culpable homicide) and Sections 3 and 4 of the Medical Termination of Pregnancy (MTP) Act 1971 for performing MTP without license and without taking medical advice, said Dambale.However, inspector Dambale said investigations into this case revealed that Thorat did not have authority to conduct such a sting operation and was found to have advised the woman to go to Lamture for an MTP, instead of the government hospital or referring her to another government hospital.The woman identified as Asha Bavsar was 18 to 20 weeks pregnant. ``Since she was more than 12 weeks into pregnancy she had referred to the Ambajogai medical college and hospital for advise of two experts to know whether the abortion could be conducted,'' Thorat had told TOI. However, she again approached the sub-district hospital at Keij on September 28 and said that she wanted the abortion to be done in Kaij.Thorat kept track of her movements and communicated to the Beed civil surgeon Gauri Rathod and superintendent of police about the illegal abortion. A team comprising two medical officers and policemen raided the hospital and found that Lamture had already performed the abortion and was in the process of removing the evidence from the spot, Thorat had added.Meanwhile, Beed civic surgeon Gauri Rathod told TOI that she had appointed a committee to enquire into the case. The committee comprising Beed resident medical officer (RMO) Ramchandra S Giri, V L Jadhav and Prashant Badgire, submitted a report to the civil surgeon. It had recorded the statements of the patient as well as both Thorat and Lamture and others. The committee found that Thorat had overstepped his powers, said Rathod.There is no provision in government service regarding sting operation. She said, \"We inquired into the role of Thorat on three issues - whether he violated provisions of PCPNDT Act or the MTP Act related to the health department and the IPC. We found that he has not violated the PCPNDT Act or the MTP Act and as for the violation of the IPC, it was up to the police to decide. As for the role of Lamture, though he was qualified, his hospital didn't have permission to perform MTPs.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17566149", "title": "TN beats Maharashtra in cadaver organ transplants", "text": "NAGPUR: What Maharashtra could not do in the field of cadaver organ transplant (transplanting organs from a brain-dead person) in ten years, Tamil Nadu (TN) has done it in four years. This is thanks to simpler rules, procedures and transparency in the system which Maharashtra lacks to a large extent.Though the first cadaver transplant in state was done way back in 1997, very few cases were done until 2000 when the Zonal Transplantation Coordination Committee (ZTCC), which coordinates all the cadaver organ transplantations for Mumbai, was formed. Since then, only 341 cadaver organ transplants including 288 kidneys, 52 livers and 2 lung transplants have been done till now in the Mumbai zone. Pune does have a ZTCC since 2004, but the transplant data was not immediately available. Two more ZTCCs have been announced for Aurangabad and Nagpur.Nagpur did not even have a ZTCC until July last year. Though a nine member ZTCC committee headed by Dr B G Waghmare has been constituted, it is yet to get a formal nod from the government to start its functioning. Though sources say that the committee has received an informal nod, it cannot actually start working until government clears the committee.Tamil Nadu, on the other hand, started its official government cadaver transplant programme in October 2008 and managed to complete more than double transplants than Maharashtra till September this year. TN has performed 848 transplants so far which include 530 kidney, 47 heart, 262 liver and 9 lung transplants since October 2008.\"This could happen due to extremely transparent and simple rules and regulations applicable for both the recipient and the donor. It is totally a government initiative and is doing very well. Our government issues new GRs as and when needed and modifies the existing ones to hasten the process. Above all, it is an extremely transparent system,\" said TN state cadaver organ transplant convener Dr Joseph Amalorpavanathan.He was in city for a public awareness programme 'Doctor tell me about organ transplant' organized by the Academy of Medical Sciences at the Institution of Engineers hall on Sunday. In TN, 29 hospitals have participated in cadaver transplant programme.Though state health minister Suresh Shetty had promised to adopt the TN model after the death of former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh on August 14, implementation at ground level is yet to take shape. The only exception is the September 13 GR, which has at least laid down the terms and conditions allowing even the non-transplant centres or hospitals to retrieve organs from brain-dead persons. This has made way for even small hospitals with an ICU and an operation theatre to retrieve the organs. Sources say that the government is also contemplating Rs61,000 monthly funds for them for routine work.The GR has also clarified the procedure for declaration of brain death which requires certification by a team of four doctors (including a neurologist) to conduct and submit the apnoea report of the patient twice within six hours to confirm and announce brain death. It also has made it mandatory for every hospital to declare a person as 'brain-dead' as soon as the patient's condition has reached 'brain death stage' and issue a certificate and inform the ZTCC.During the programme, presentations were made by Dr Ravi Wankhede, a kidney donor and a ZTCC Nagpur member, Dr B G Waghmare, the ZTCC president, Dr Sudhir Bhave, Dr Prashant Bhandarkar, Dr T S Oberoi, Dr Prakash Khetan, Dr Sadhana Patwardhan, Dr Shailendra Mundhada from city and Dr Joseph Amalorpavanathan from Chennai, Advocate Telang and Sujatha Ashtekar, the Mumbai ZTCC coordinator.The programme was coordinated by Dr S M Patil, Dr Sunil Gupta and Dr C Cham. To create awareness Dr Sarita Ugemuge, Dr Rajiv Mohta and Dr Gupta performed two skits to remove myths and misconceptions about organ donation in society. Dilip Deodhar, social worker and initiator of the 'Doctor tell me' series, was also present in the programme.Samad Khan, who received one kidney each from his sister and wife in last 20 years, also shared his experience.Problems in Maharashtra* Only two ZTCC (required for cadaver donation clearance) in state functional* ZTCCs announced in Nagpur and Aurangabad yet to become functional* Exhausting and complicated paperwork and procedure* No transparency and accountability in the systemRecent initiatives by state* All 25 or more bedded hospitals with an ICU and an operation theatre to report every brain death to ZTCC.* The GR for organ retrieval and declaration of brain death has come just in September.* State to provide organ retrieval facilities and expertise to these hospitals.* State has laid down the procedure for brain death declaration* Every individual willing to donate his organs after death can have this information in his ID cards or ZTCC cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17564756", "title": "Expect colder weekend: Met", "text": "MUMBAI: After seven days, mercury levels dipped below 20 degrees Celsius, indicating that it will get colder in the coming weekend. The minimum temperature on Monday was 19 degrees Celsius, said V K Rajeev (director of weather forecast). The Met department expects the mercury to fall by two degrees by this weekend.\"We are expecting a western disturbance to come over the northern areas within Jammu Kashmir, UP and Rajasthan. We expect temperatures to fall. People can wait for a few more days to bring out their woollies,\" added Rajeev. Rajeev said that western disturbances were low pressure weather systems, whichoriginated from Central Asia that led to a dip in temperatures in the northern region.While the minimum temperature was 19.8 degrees celsius on Monday it had dipped by 0.4 degrees celsius compared to Sunday and by 1.0 degrees celsius compared to normal.The Met department has said that the expected temperatures for Tuesday will be 19 degree celsius and 33 degrees celsius respectively.On November 19, the city recorded a minimum 14.6 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568929", "title": "Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya trailer out", "text": "The official trailer of Santhanam's maiden production venture Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya (KLTA) has been released yesterday on the internet. The 2 minute 40 seconds trailer is a peak into what the movie has to offer to its fans.The film starring Santhanam, Power Star Srinivasan, Sethu and Vishakha in the lead roles promises to be a complete laugh riot. The three male stars are friends and all of them fall in love with the heroine. How each one of them tries to impress her and win her forms the story of the film and VTV Ganesh plays an important role.It turns out that the heroine is in love with someone else and that someone happens to be none other than the young superstar Simbu. Directed by Manikandan ' Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya ' is ready to release on 21st December alongside Bala's ' Paradesi ' starring Aadharva, Vedhika and Dhanshika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564814", "title": "SC fumes at HC order altered in chamber without informing parties", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday objected to the rare yet unusual practice of judges dictating an order in open court and later changing it in their chamber behind the back of litigating parties and said such an act generated \"unhealthy suspicion\" in the minds of litigants.\"An order dictated in court and later changed in chamber is bound to generate unhealthy suspicion in the mind of the litigant on whom the change is adverse. This should never, never happen,\" a bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai said.\"If a judge wants to make material changes in the order, then the least expected of him is to list the matter again in open court, inform the parties about the reason for which he wanted to reconsider the matter and after hearing both sides can modify his earlier order,\" the bench said.In most instances, such practice - an order dictated in open court getting changed in the chamber -- goes unchallenged as the order modified behind the back of the litigants is the only one which gets uploaded on to the concerned court's website and of which a certified copy is given to the litigants, who thus have no evidence to counter the modification in the open court order.But an unusual case came to light with two orders passed by the same bench of the Allahabad High Court on the same date in a dispute between UP Housing and Development Board and a firm 'Fast Builders' over allotment of commercial plots. When the case came up for hearing in the apex court, one party produced an order downloaded from the HC's website which was materially different from the certified copy produced by the other.Confused as to which was the genuine order and to find out whether any party had resorted to forgery to strengthen its case, Justices Alam and Desai asked the HC registrar general to inquire into it and tell which of the orders was genuine.The registrar general submitted a report to the court saying the certified copy of the order produced by one of the parties was the one found in the court records. While one had ordered payment of interest on a sum, the other order had condoned the interest.Dissatisfied with the report, the apex court sought a further report from the HC registrar general to solve the riddle behind the two orders on the same day by the same bench, both materially different from each other. The next report of the registrar general dispelled the confusion by explaining that while the order dictated in open court was uploaded on to the HC website, the order after correction in the chamber was kept in the records.Appalled by the development, Justices Alam and Desai set aside both the orders and referred it to the chief justice of the HC, requesting him to assign the case to a fresh bench, which had not dealt with the case before.However, the bench did not hide its disappointment at such judicial indiscretion which had every possibility of making people suspicious about the integrity of the judge concerned, consequently sullying the reputation of judiciary.The bench said a judge can always modify in \"very, very rare circumstances\" his order dictated in open court by intimating the parties about it. The modification could take place after hearing both sides on the issue, it said.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17565805", "title": "3 Pernem VP poll results declared", "text": "PANAJI: Panels affiliated to the BJP won the elections held to three Pernem taluka village panchayats on Sunday.In Alorna village panchayat, Mahadev Naik won in ward 1, Harshada Parab in ward 2, Bhushan Shirodkar in ward 3, Baban Naik in ward 4 and Namisha Gawandi won in ward 5.In Chandel-Hassapur village panchayat, those who won the election were Sudhir Malik in ward 1, Bhagyasri Malik in ward 2, Tulsidas Gawas in ward 3, Nitesh Narulkar in ward 4 and Shailaja Malik in ward 5.Winners in Casarvornem village panchayat were Shamba Warang in ward 1, Mohini Naik in ward 2, Narahari Desai in ward 3, Vithal Parab in ward 4 and Kirtimala Palyekar in ward 5. The winners were felicitated at the office of local MLA and speaker Rajendra Arlekar.Elections for the post of sarpanch will be held at a later date to be decided by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17566177", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation fiddles as builder violates open space norms at Sonegaon", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the state government is taking steps to force civic bodies to protect open spaces and public utility land, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) refuses to act against developers and builders even where residents have highlighted encroachments again and again. In the case of Saptashrungi Vihar, the assistant commissioner of Laxmi Nagar zone has not taken any worthwhile action for the last four years.Saptashrungi Vihar Owners Association (SVOA) has been waging a battle to remedy blatant violation of open spaces over last four years. But NMC is not interested in even taking open space into possession and putting them to public use, let alone prosecuting violations of building and layout bylaws.The layout is spread over 5,700 sq m and should have 855 sq m (15% of total area) open space. NMC gave provisional approval to the layout on January 8, 2004. Its agreement with M/s Saptashrungi Developers Private Limited on January 30, 2004, said NMC was to get possession of 855 sq m open space before release of final lot of plots by the developer. The layout plan was approved on January 10, 2005, for 28 plots.SVOA secretary TH Naidu says information collected using RTI shows the developer released all plots but did not hand over the open space. \"We sent a memorandum to NMC when construction began on two plots beside the open space, asking the town planning department to measure and take the open space in possession on August 25, 2008. Nothing was done, so we lodged a complaint on Lokshahi Din. After many such complaints, the then estate officer Mahesh Gupta finally took possession of 722.509 sq m open space only on June 17, 2009. NMC did not take any action for the less open space,\" he said.A series of complaints at Lokshahi Din finally forced NMC to act and stop construction on one of the two plots. But in October 2010, construction was permitted after NMC claimed to have frozen four open plots in lieu of the less open space. \"Of these four, there was prior construction on two plots already allotted to owners. Now, the four plots are lying idle since then, with the owners suffering while NMC lets the builder go free,\" he said.As for the designated open space, the developer had constructed a well and also installed the electricity transformer, taking up a huge area. The rest of the space is abandoned and overrun by shrubs and plants.Naidu adds there are many violations in the layout. HB Estate Apartment Owners Welfare Association (phase-II) has also complained to NMC's town planning department on December 18, 2006, about Saptashrungi developers connecting the sewer line to their layout's line, besides other violations.NMC officials have surveyed and admitted all wrong doings in a letter dated January 13, 2007. A letter of August 17, 2007, also asked assistant commissioner of Laxmi Nagar Zone to act against buildings on seven plots without sanctioned plans.\"A government notification of September 7, 2010, directs NMC to lodge an FIR in case of any encroachment. It also recommends action against officials if they do not act. But NMC has not taken any action against the developer yet,\" said Naidu.A senior NMC official admitted the entire mess but pointed out that NMC had frozen plots in lieu of less open space. \"Zone officials have been directed to take action against any construction on these four plots,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564477", "title": "Rs 100cr swindle: Manipur man held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police's special cell has arrested a native of Imphal , Manipur for duping thousands of people through a multilevel marketing scam with promises of high returns. Ningombam Raju alias Raju Singh allegedly cheated more than 23,000 people of approximately Rs 100 crore in the last few years by promising to treble their investments.Raju was arrested on Sunday by a team of inspectors Sanjay Dutt , Rahul Kumar and Dharmender following a request from the police superintendent of Imphal. Manipur Police had information that Raju was hiding near the Uttar Pradesh-Delhi border.Raju came to Delhi in 1995 and worked with a photocopier firm in Daryaganj. He went back to Manipur in 1999 and worked there as a service agent for photocopier machines before returning to Delhi in 2004.\"Between 2004 and 2009, he worked as a service agent and also sold walkie talkie phones. In 2009, he started working at a multilevel marketing company, BBS (Base Business System) Marketing Limited in Paschim Vihar. The company was owned by Irom Satish, a Manipur resident, who fled after cheating many people. Raju learnt the working of multilevel marketing and decided to start his own venture,\" said DCP, special cell, Sanjeev Yadav.\"Raju joined LPC (Lala Prem Chand) Multilevel Marketing Company at Kakrola More, Uttam Nagar which was owned by brothers Vinod and Balbir Bagga and dealt in induction cookers. He then moved to Welkin Real Tech Pvt Ltd, owned by Kishanveer and managed by Parveen Thora from Najafgarh. Later, the Bagga brothers joined Welkin and started cheating people with Raju. They also managed a website for this company with the link globalwinindex.biz,\" said Yadav.\"The accused used to lure people by offering to treble an initial deposit of Rs 10,000 in three months. The company also offered other schemes for shorter durations. Members received 10% of the deposit made by the new investors introduced by them. The joining fee was fixed as Rs 1,500, and a member could invest up to Rs 10 lakh on one ID. The company claimed the money was being invested in real estate and stocks ,\" said special commissioner of police, SN Srivastava.Raju played a pivotal role in luring many Manipuris into investing in this bogus company. \"In February 2011, Welkin Real Tech Pvt Ltd closed down after collecting massive amounts. Kishan Veer and the Bagga brothers started a new company. At the time of the closure, they had over 23,000 members/subscribers. Raju went underground for some time, only to resurface in April 2012 at a house in Noida, where he started another business of supplying solar lanterns/inverters,\" said Yadav.Of late, police claimed, Raju was planning to start another marketing company in association with a man named D K Bajpai. The accused reportedly obtained an arms licence and a Walther pistol in 2010. He later sold this gun and bought an Erma Werke revolver. He also bought a plot at Kakrola More, Uttam Nagar and another property in Jeevan Park, Uttam Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17565446", "title": "UT clueless on use of industrial land", "text": "With land being a prized possession in Chandigarh, the administration seems confused over utilization of 152 acre of land in Raipur Kalan, which was originally kept aside for Industrial Area, Phase III.While UT administrator has ruled out any more land being set aside for industry, the proposed master plan has plans to introduce the concept of flatted factories in the area.In what would go against further expansion of the existing industrial area, a survey conducted by the Estate Office recently has found a majority of industrial plots being used for commercial purposes or lying vacant in Industrial Area's phases I and II.It has been brought out in a survey conducted by the Estate Office that nearly 40% of the industrial plots in the existing industrial area have not been used for setting up of industry. While 565 sites have commercial activity (other than manufacturing units) going on, 150 plots are lying vacant.In an apparent contradiction in its policy, where UT administration had allowed conversion of land use of industrial plots, allowing these to be used for setting up of hotels and restaurants, it mooted a proposal to set up phase III of the industrial area in Mauli Jagran.The administration had set up Industrial Area, Phase-I &amp; II which has been declared as an industrial zone. Since there was no space available for the setting up of any new industry or for the purpose of expansion of existing units, the Chandigarh administration decided to developIndustrial Area, Phase-III on a land measuring 153 acres in Mauli Jagran village. The development work in the Industrial Area, Phase-III has been completed by the engineering department and the work for the layout plan of 25 industrial plots has already been completed.The master plan committee has put a condition that industries which are not labour intensive should be allowed in the new Industrial Area. For adequate provision of water supply, sewerage system and electricity, site of two acres land has already been earmarked for electric grid substation.The Master Plan Committee has also proposed developing a green belt along the choe running across the site of third phase of Industrial Area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17564245", "title": "Telugu museum to open in Vizag soon", "text": "The Telugu Cultural and Heritage Museum, atop Kailasagiri in Vizag is expected to be thrown open to the public soon. The project, taken up by Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (Vuda) and World Telugu Federation (WTF), depicts the historical significance and evolution of Telugu language and heritage. Vuda vice-chairman Kona Sasidhar and chairperson of the federation V L Indira Dutt, regional chairman Yarlagadda Lakshmi Prasad and art director Thota Tharani reviewed the progress of the project.With work on interiors being taken up, the museum would have nearly 50 episodes depicting the historical significance of Telugu. While Vuda vice-chairman suggested a unique style of lighting for each episode to highlight their historical importance, Prasad stressed on the need for sufficient parking and leisure. Vuda chief engineer I Viswanadha Rao, DFO BVA Krishna Murthy, executive engineers G Kalpana, M Balarama Raju, electrical engineer B Somasekhar and technical experts attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17565880", "title": "Sukhi's remand ends, cops fail to get any info", "text": "JALANDHAR: As terrorist-turned police cat Sukhwinder Singh Sukhi alias Harjit Singh Kahlon has been sent back to Delhi after his police remand with Jalandhar (Rural) ended, it is learnt that nothing much has come out in terms of evidence with his arrest and he denied police involvement in two cases wherein 13 people were killed in Nakodar area.Police said though he remained in police custody for four days, police officials could not make him \"confess\" anything. Arresting him, after he was nabbed by Delhi police, was a matter of compulsion rather than of conviction or choice as Sukhi had become a hot potato for them after he threatened five years ago that if he would be hounded, he would expose other senior police officials, who rehabilitated terrorists-turned-police cats even as latter were named in serious terror related cases.One case against him pertains to attack on communist workers in which apart from Comrade Varinder Gagan, two of his gunmen were also killed. In the second case, terrorists had killed nine BSP workers during assembly elections in February 1992.A police official said Sukhi's name had emerged in two cases when he was arrested by Ludhiana police in 1980s and he admitted to his role. However, now he had denied his involvement completely. \"The only evidence against him would be if somebody from complainant's side submit before the court,\" a police official said.Meanwhile, what may become another tricky issue for police is if at all someone brings evidence against him is the fact that now SGPC member and Akali Dal Panch Pardhani president Kulbir Singh Barapind was named as co-accused with Sukhi in two cases, but he can't be prosecuted according to the terms of his (Barapind's) extradition in 2006 as US court, which allowed his trial in only three cases in which he had already been acquitted.Sukhi was also named in case of killing of one Ravi Pathak, during a terrorist attack was aimed at Congress leader V K Khullar, in July 1986. Sukhi was later arrested in the case and in 1990 he got bail, which he jumped and went underground. He was subsequently declared PO in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17565411", "title": "DPS Sports Day celebrated", "text": "INDORE: The annual Sports Day at Delhi Public School (DPS) Indore under the theme' Revelry', concluded on a high note. Former Indian cricketers Narendra Hirwani and Atul Wassan were the chief guests for the occasion.Vice chairman, H M Gupta accorded a traditional welcome and presented them saplings. The programme began with 'Dare Devils' an equestrian show, a presentation by the students.It was followed by a presentation of the annual report on the achievements of the students by the principal S Sachdeva. A Sufi dance performance expressing gratitude to the almighty was part of the programme. H M Gupta addressed the gathering and talked about the vision of an educationist late father Gurudev Gupta, and how far DPS, Indore has succeeded in translating it into reality.Events 80m, 100 m, 4 x 100 m relay and other fun races were held for students of pre nursery to class V and the winners were awarded gold, silver and bronze medals.The tiny tots of pre primary school presented 'celebration' applauding the success of Indian sportspersons at national and international-level Students of classes I and II tapped their feet to 'Move with the groove', an aerobic display. A unique \"Bird Drill\", 'Soaring High\" saw the students of class III giving the message of freedom. Students of class IV &amp; V presented \"Emerging India\" showcasing the progress of our rapidly developing nation. The students of \"Shiksha Kendra\" too had a field day going head to head in all the races. After the final ceremony, vote of thanks was proposed by the head mistress Asha Nair. The event concluded with a National Anthem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "17565673", "title": "Bicholim rally to save Mhadei", "text": "BICHOLIM: A large number of youths belonging to Mhadei bachao association, Navelim-Bicholim, on Sunday took out a motorcycle rally to create awareness on the need to save Mhadei river and also to express dissatisfaction over the government's failure to take the issue seriously.The rally was taken out in the wake of reports that Karnataka has begun work for the diversion of Mhadei water.The rally was led by Deepesh Gawas and flagged off by Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant at Navelim.The rally, which began at Navelim, made its way through Kudnem, Sanquelim, Ponda, Valpoi, Bhironda, Kumthal, Karanjale, Krishnapur and up to the Goa-Karnataka border and returned back to Navelim via Valpoi, Bhuipal, Pissurlem, Usgao and Surla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17564523", "title": "Buses better than autos: HC", "text": "HYDERABAD: Wondering why the state government wants to give permission for more autos to ply in the city instead of introducing new RTC busses to cater to the growing transport needs, the high court on Monday refused to vacate the stay on permitting registration of 20,000 new autorickshaws in the GHMC limits. The division bench comprising Chief Justice P C Ghose and Justice P V Sanjay Kumar was dealing with a batch of petitions challenging the government's decision to permit new autorickshaws to ply in the state capital.Additional advocate general B Bhaskar Rao argued that the decision of the state government would help a lot of youths get employment besides solving transportation problems in the city. M Ganga Rao, counsel for the transport department, made a similar appeal to the bench. The matter will come up for hearing again next week by which time the authorities have to explain their stand clearly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17566410", "title": "Dinosaur with giant nose discovered", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists have discovered a new dinosaur with a large prominent nose in northern Mexico, which lived 73 million years ago.The duck-billed dinosaur, Latirhinus uitstlani lived during the Late Cretaceous period and its wide nasal cavity might have given it incredible smell-detecting ability. \"Also, it might have supported and provided enhanced space for a soft tissue structure, sort of like an inflatable bladder, for display, recognition and communication purposes,\" said lead researcher Albert Prieto-Marquez in Munich.The dinosaur also possessed sturdy hind limbs ending in three toes, and relatively smaller and thinner forelimbs ending in 4 digits \u00e2\u20ac\u201d meaning this animal was thumb-less , the 'Discovery News' reported. \"Latirhinus would normally walk on four legs, although when it needed to run, it could rise on its two hind legs. A long tail would extend posteriorly to counterbalance the anterior part of the body. These dinosaurs were herbivores,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17564780", "title": "Telugu museum to open soon", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Telugu Cultural and Heritage Museum atop Kailasagiri is expected to be thrown open to the public soon. The project, taken up by Vuda and World Telugu Federation (WTF), depicts the historical significance and evolution of Telugu language and heritage. Vuda vice-chairman Kona Sasidhar and chairperson of the federation V L Indira Dutt, regional chairman Yarlagadda Lakshmi Prasad and art director Thota Tharani reviewed the progress of the project.The museum would have nearly 50 episodes depicting the historical significance of Telugu. While Vuda vice-chairman suggested a unique style of lighting for each episode to highlight their historical importance, Prasad stressed on need for sufficient parking and leisure. Vuda chief engineer I Viswanadha Rao, DFO BVA Krishna Murthy, executive engineers G Kalpana, M Balarama Raju, electrical engineer B Somasekhar and technical experts attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17563459", "title": "Palghar girl snubs Modi, denies it's safer in Gujarat", "text": "MUMBAI: Palghar girl Shaheen Dhada, taking her first tentative steps towards normal life after the trauma of being arrested for a harmless comment on Facebook, finds herself a pawn again in a brewing political controversy.Her family dismissed Gujarat CM Narendra Modi's statement on Sunday that Shaheen, who had gone to visit relatives near Rajkot after the row in Palghar, said she found Gujarat safer than Maharashtra. The CM put up Shaheen's example to rebut PM Manmohan Singh's comment in the poll-bound state that minorities felt unsafe in Gujarat.Shaheen's father Farooq said they were surprised by Modi's comment as there was no question of them feeling unsafe in Maharashtra and Palghar, in particular. He pointed out that the Dhada family has been staying in Palghar for three decades and insisted that they had gone to Gujarat only to meet relatives.Shaheen's Facebook comment on Mumbai's shutdown following the death of Bal Thackeray had led to her and her friend's arrest by local cops, since suspended, against the advice of seniors.Shaheen said she and her family had gone to her native Jetpur, near Rajkot, to allow the controversy to settle down, but she never felt unsafe in Palghar. She returned on December 4 and has started stepping out of her house.Shaheen is yet to reactivate her Facebook account and mobile phone, but a sense of anxiety is understandable as the police have still not filed a closure report in the case. The Boisar police said the process is on even 10 days after the state decided to close the case.Life is slowly returning to normal for the girls' relatives too. Palghar police have withdrawn security outside the hospital of Shaheen's uncle Abdul Dhada after his request as it was keeping patients away. It was attacked by Sainiks to protest the comments.Dr Dhada apparently suffered a loss of Rs 20 lakh after the hospital was attacked by a mob allegedly of Sainiks on November 18 to protest the comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17565560", "title": "Raja did not consult me on 2G letter to PM: Ex-official", "text": "NEW DELHI: A former senior official of the department of telecom (DoT) on Monday told a special CBI court that erstwhile telecom minister A Raja had \"not consulted\" him during preparation of the letter sent to the Prime Minister on December 26, 2007.Deposing as a prosecution witness in the 2G spectrum allocation scam, DoT's erstwhile member (technology) K Sridhara said, \"I have been shown letter dated December 26, 2007... written by the then minister to the PM. As member (technology), I was not consulted either before the preparation of letter or during the process of preparation of the letter itself.\"According to the CBI, the letter is related to policy matters regarding grant of Unified Access Service Licences (UASL) to the applicant telecom firms.During recording of his statement, Sridhara deposed that he came to know about the letter when it was placed in the file of the department \"after sometime\".Regarding issuance of licences in bulk to eligible telecom firms on January 10, 2008, he said Raja had given the \"logic\" that \"if more licences were given, there would be more competition and hence the tariff would come down and also that it would avoid possibility of any trading of licences.\"Sridhara said that till October 1, 2007, a total of about 575 applications were received by the DoT for grant of UASL, and it was the view of then telecom secretary D S Mathur that letters of intents (LoIs) could not be issued to all the applicants because of non-availability of spectrum.On being asked by senior advocate and Raja's counsel Sushil Kumar about a November 2, 2007, meeting chaired by the then telecom minister, Sridhara said he was also present there and it was decided that the existing policy, as suggested by the then telecom secretary, be followed for grant of UASL. He said as the number of applicants was large, if the applications were taken one by one, it would have taken about a month in processing of one application and there would have been an eight-nine months delay. \"It is correct that in October-November, 2007, the number of applications was large and compliance with this procedure of sequential processing and extension of time could have led to delay. It is correct that in order to reduce the delay, simultaneous issuance of LoIs has been proposed...,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17563821", "title": "Girls get adolescent lessons", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: On the first day of two-day programme 'Kanya Sibir', organized by Unit-VIII Saraswati Sishu Mandir, adolescent girls were imparted training on physical changes, personal hygiene, food habits, etiquette and moral values on Sunday. The school also invited mothers to the programme for interaction on different issues with experts and teachers.Pranati Sahu, a teacher of the school said, \"The main objective of the programme is to make adolescent girls aware of their needs and challenges. We also want to prepare the adolescent girls, who are vulnerable mentally, physically and psychologically, for all kinds of modern-day challenges. Their needs should be understood, for which the parents and teachers required counseling in keeping with the fast-changing world.\"About 120 adolescent girls of class-VII, IX and X of the school participated in the programme, where experts in different fields, including doctors, academicians, psychiatrists and counselors, took sessions and discussed different issues.Baijayanti Patnaik, another teacher, said, \"The span of adolescence has increased of late as children as young as seven years have been exposed to too many inputs, unlike in the past. The students would be given training about good-touch and bad-touch, to respect their relationships and on how to be responsible for small duties at home and in school and so on.\" Girls also asked questions on various health issues and other problems they face in their day to day life.Dr Madhabi Bhattacharjee, a homeopathic doctor, addressed various health issues of adolescent girls, told them about hormonal changes and gave them tips on personal hygiene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17565562", "title": "12-12-12 not to be a knotty affair", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The apparently lucky and rare date 12-12-12 doesn't really seem to strike a chord with city astrologers. And as a result, city's wedding bazaar is bereft of the usual buzz.There was a surfeit of weddings in the city till December 9. The next dates considered most lucky are December 21-23. December 12 has been given a miss.\"There are neither bookings for weddings nor any special functions for this 12-12-12. The wedding season came to a halt on December 9 this year,\" said Jatinder Shingari, a Panchkula-based hotelier.Wedding planners and tent house owners too contend that just a handful of weddings have been planned on this date, mostly by those who do not believe in astrology.\"We have one major booking for the day and that is a Sikh family. There has been a mad rush for bookings of arrangements, concepts and tents till December 9-10. Now, the rush will be from December 21 onwards,\" said Tony, who owns a leading tent house in the city.\"Even though it is numerically a special date, most people go exactly by what their astrologer predicts for an auspicious date and 12-12-12 has not fascinated astrologers,\" he added.Astrologers point out how the planetary position on this date hint that more \"caution\" is needed in daily activities.\"The date 12-12-12 is not too great for auspicious ceremonies from the astrological point. Amavasya is on December 13 and auspicious rituals are generally performed on days that have some planetary implication,\" explained Acharya Prem Sharma, an astrologer.He pointed out how the date fell under Anuradha Nakshtra and four planets, including mercury (budh), moon, Sun and rahu, all coming together in this \"kaal\" would eventually lead to disharmony.\"Pujas like 'gandmool puja' can be performed on this day but other dates are more suitable for marriages,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17565804", "title": "Fire destroys 35 shanties in Taleigao, no injuries reported", "text": "PANAJI: In a tragic accident, many people were rendered without shelter in the chilling winter as a fire gutted around 35 shanties belonging to construction labourers at Shankarwadi in Taleigao on Monday.The incident occurred around 12.10pm when an accidental fire allegedly caused by a short circuit resulted in an LPG cylinder exploding and gutted the shanties made of corrugated sheets as well as property inside. Police estimated the damage to be around 1.5 lakh.Eyewitnesses said the explosion caused a loud blast and a huge fireball around four storeys high. If not for the timely intervention of the fire brigade personnel who removed some LPG cylinders from the site before they exploded, the damage could have been far more severe with many buildings in the vicinity. Over three fire tenders were deployed.Fire brigade personnel had to rip apart the corrugated sheets that were nailed together to form the shanties with a fire hook to douse the blaze.Besides gutting the area, the fire also burnt a few trees and killed a cat. No person was harmed by the blaze, as shanty occupants claimed they were working at a construction site when the incident took place. The shanties are in an area behind an already completed project by the same construction firm.How the labourers managed to obtain multiple LPG cylinders remains a mystery. Panaji police have registered a case of accidental fire with head constable N N Thakur and police constable Rupesh Narayan Tari investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17563697", "title": "Old dons in jail, new faces emerge in crime", "text": "VARANASI: Gone are the days when the terms of eastern UP's underworld were dictated by dons like Brijesh Singh, Mukhtar Ansari and Prem Prakash Singh alias Munna Bajrangi.Some new names have started making attempts to fill the vacuum created after the shift of mafia dons from underworld to the political world. If police records are to be believed, Bajrangi is in the worst state as out of eight members of his gang, two including him are behind the bars, while the other six commanders have been eliminated in encounters with police or gang wars. On the other hand, Brijesh and one other member of his gang are behind bars while eight members are out of jail after getting bail.Besides, Mukhtar along with two accomplices is in jail while five of his men have come out of the jail after getting bail.Three members of his gang are still absconding. Though no fresh criminal cases have been lodged against these dons and their gang members in the recent past, no official is in a position to confirm whether their syndicates are operating and their trade continuing.Apart from these three, 95 more gangs exist in the list of Varanasi zone of police. Out of these, seven gangs are in the category of inter-state gangs while two gangs are in the inter-zone category. In the inter-range category, the number of gangs is seven while 23 gangs are in the inter-district category. Maximum number of gangs (59) have been registered under the category of district-level gangs.While investigation into several cases hinted that many gangsters are still operating from jail, some, like Vishwas Nepali, have been absconding for many years. Maximum number of members (24) have been reported in Nepali's gang out of which 19 have come out of the jail on getting bail from different courts while five, including the gang leader, are still at large.Notably, the gang of Ajay Singh alias Vijay has not been included in this list so far. With the change in guard in the state in March, Ajay's gang has emerged as a serious challenge for the police in East UP region.While staying behind bars, Ajay not only managed comfortable stay for his gang members in different jails but also ensured that all his henchmen are coming out of the jail before he succeeded in getting bail and came out of the jail.Taking a serious note of this, DIG Range A Satish Ganesh on Monday ordered to prepare the history sheet of all the members of Ajay's gang and to register them as a gang.He also recommended booking them under Gangster Act and NSA and taking them on police remand for further interrogation.To know the nexus of Ajay with jail authorities, the DIG also summoned the superintendent of district jail at his office on Tuesday. The process of announcing cash reward on Ajay has also been started, admitted the cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "10592032", "title": "10 Things we forget daily", "text": "Busy lifestyles and hectic schedules are taking such a toll on the mental health of people that they forget five important tasks or facts during the course of a typical day, a new study has said.According the poll of 2,000 adults commissioned by Avery Office and Consumer Products, more than half of the people surveyed blamed their forgetfulness on trying to do too many things.Failing to return calls, replying to important emails, forgetting colleagues' names, leaving paper in the printer and neglecting to grab our packed lunch on our way out of the house feature high on the list of the most common omissions.A quarter of those surveyed said they were expected to remember too much, and a fifth said there weren't enough hours in the day to deal with everything.More than half said that they tend to forget things more frequently as they get older.One in five forget important passwords, a quarter of them forget to charge their mobile phone battery and a further 12 percent said that they get a rude awakening every weekend because they forget to turn their alarm clocks off.\"People have so much to do in their lives that the most basic things like remembering to bring lunch to work or replying to important emails are being completely forgotten about,\" the Daily Mail quoted Gregg Corbett as saying.\"This then causes further complications when we try to correct things that we've overlooked.\"It seems the more we can do to simplify people's daily lives, the better all of us will feel and the less mistakes we will make.\"Both at home and at work, people seem to be forgetting things more and more,\" he added.The tope 10 most forgotten things are:Return phone callsReply to emailsPeople's namesSend birthday cardsCharge phonePasswordsTake meat out of the freezerWater plantsPick up things from the printerTake the rubbish out", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17566087", "title": "Factory staffer steals 47 bikes", "text": "BANGALORE: After suffering a loss of Rs 4.5 lakh from chit fund business, a factory employee decided to use his skills of duplicate key-making . He stole bikes and sold them at throwaway prices. The success encouraged 28-year-old Yogananda Somshekar alias Babu to ride away with 47 two-wheelers in the past two years. But a night-long police checking stopped the Chikmagalur native from scoring a half century in his acquisitions.Magadi Road police have so far recovered 35 stolen motorbikes and are looking for 12 more. The total value of these vehicles is estimated to be Rs 18 lakh, police added. Police said Yogananda, who was a floor supervisor with a private factory on Bannerghatta Road, sustained a loss of about Rs 4.5 lakh when he invested money in a local chit fund business. '' He had married a woman named Veena from Chintamani. It was a love marriage and Yogananda lost family support after the marriage ,\" police said.Meanwhile the newly married couple decided to earn a fast buck and as advised by a neighbour, Veena forced Yogananda to invest in chit fund. It all happened in 2009.\"The couple sustained loss and debtors started harassing Yogananda. The accused was good in making duplicate keys. So he decided to ride away with parked two-wheelers ,\" police said. Yogananda's spree came to an end when Magadi Road police stopped a motorist last week. Unaware that it was a stolen bike, the man had brought it from Yoganada for around Rs 20,000. \"Yogananda would say he would hand over all documents after receiving the full amount,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17563734", "title": "2 killed in road accidents", "text": "VARANASI: Two youths lost their lives while two others suffered serious injuries in separate road accidents in Varanasi and Jaunpur district on Sunday night.According to reports, Vineet Bhardwaj, 22, a native of Todarpur village under Rohania police station had gone to Cholapur to attend a marriage function with Raju on Sunday evening. When they were returning home around midnight, a speeding pick-up van rammed their motorcycle. Police rushed Vineet and Raju to Deen Dayal Upadhyaya district hospital where doctors declared Vineet brought dead. Raju's condition is stated as critical.Meanwhile, in Jaunpur district, Shekhar Gaud, 35, a native of Azamgarh district, was killed while his companion Bajrangi Gaud suffered serious injuries when their motorcycle overturned after hitting a speed breaker near Chandwak bridge on Varanasi-Azamgarh highway. Shekhar died on the spot while Bajrangi was taken to a local hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17566356", "title": "Molest case: CM unhappy with acquittal", "text": "GUWAHATI: Three days after the Kamrup chief judicial magistrate convicted 11 accused in the GS Road molestation case and acquitted four others, including a TV journalist, chief minister Tarun Gogoi said he is not quite happy with the judgment.Gogoi said he thinks that the journalist of a local television channel, who was one of the accused, should not have been acquitted by court. \"The television journalist, in my view, is guilty but not so in the eyes of the law. I am not happy,\" he added.He said, \"If there are lapses on the part of the investigating officer, I will take action against the guilty officer.\"Regarding the TV journalist, the judge had observed, \"The Central Forensic Science Laboratory could not give a specific finding regarding the voice of the accused person. The evidence on record reflects that due to ignorance about the process, the controlled voice sample of S/I had been taken in haste and amateurishly. It is not understood why the investigating team got the controlled voice sample of the accused recorded by a studio photographer, when the CID has got its own experts in this line. The investigating team could easily collect the voice sample of the said accused with the help of the experts of the CID or with the assistance of forensic experts. In the present era, voice matching is a very common practice and done easily, if the sample is collected with precision. Thus, by such a nonprofessional approach and lack of precision, the investigating team has allowed to waste a vital evidence. Since there is no other evidence, I am constrained to hold that the said accused person did not share any common object with the actual culprits, who committed the offence of outraging the modesty of the victim girl or uttered obscene words.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17566462", "title": "Vigilante Sainiks firm on renaming", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena on Monday continued its show of strength at Shivaji Park and roped in a large contingent of party activists to 'protect' the structure on which Bal Thackeray was cremated on November 18.In keeping with its strategy to weave Thackeray's myth around Shivaji Park, the Sena vowed in the BMC to rename it Shiv Teertha to commemorate the late leader's links with the venue. The park, which came into existence in 1925, was named after Chhatrapati Shivaji in 1927. The Congress and theMNS have opposed the Sena's renaming move.The civic administration and the state government face a tough task of demolishing the temporary structure, which the Sena has described as a samadhi.Shiv Sainiks from Mumbai, Thane and other far-flung suburbs have been told to take turns at the samadhi. \"Sainiks control the crowds and keep a round-the-clock vigil at the samadhi,'' said Sada Sarvankar, the vibhag pramukh for the Mumbai north-central zone, under which the iconic park falls.The Sainiks' mood was sombre with women taking turns and braving the sun to guard the temporary structure. \"We have 10 shakhas and we will continue to take turns to sit here and guard the temporary memorial till our demand to construct a permanent memorial is met,\" said a Sainik.\"The structure resembles a shrine. Prayers are recited and flowers are offered at the structure ,'' said a park resident.Sena spokesperson and MP Sanjay Raut on Monday said: \"The samadhi is an issue beyond the administration and the law,'' he said. \"The government should take the initiative to end the deadlock without impinging on the emotions of countless Sainiks.\"Meanwhile, senior city Congressman Ajit Sawant on Monday endorsed the Sena's move in the BMC to rename the park as Shiv Teertha. \"The Congress should fully support the renaming proposal in the civic body and pay tribute to Thackeray, unquestionably one of Maharashtra's tallest public figures,'' said Sawant.FIR after poster vandalism in CharkopThe Charkop police have registered an FIR against an unidentified person after a poster offering condolences following Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's death was vandalized at Sahyadri Nagar, Charkop, on Sunday night. \"The poster was found torn but there were no law and order problems,\" said additional commissioner Sunil Paraskar. Sena party workers approached the police on Monday and some persons have been detained for questioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17565440", "title": "'Magic of 12' on 12.12.2012", "text": "INDORE: Inspired by the significant date - 12/12/12 - which would not come in another 100 years to come, Tikam Singh Rai is organizing a 12-hour long laughter show at Press Club in the city on December 12.Aiming to create a record, he said that the show would last for 12 hours, 12 min and 12 seconds and will start at 12pm on Wednesday, December 12. During the 12-hour long span of the show, 12 comedians will perform. The show has been titled \"Magic of 12\". Sarvseva is the supporting organization for the event. The motto behind the show is \"healthy body - healthy mind\". They also aim to set a record. They will also promote 12 social messages during the event.The show would last for 12 hours, 12 min and 12 seconds and will start at 12pm on December 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17565806", "title": "5 more persons held in Dabhal illegal stone quarrying case", "text": "MARGAO: The Curchorem police on Monday arrested five more persons in connection with a case booked on Saturday under charges of using large amount of explosives for stone quarrying activities at an allegedly illegal quarry at Bandoli, Dabhal. With this, the total number of persons arrested in the case has gone up to 10.Police gave the names of those arrested on Monday as follows: Tipanna Rivappa Chawan from Guddemol, Sanvordem; Manju Nagappa Gunal, a native of Bijapur Karnataka but residing at Ambeudok, Sanvordem; Jayant Shashinath Kakodkar and Ramatul Shashinath Kakodkar, both residents of Cacora, Curhorem and John Fransisco Alfonso, resident of Cotombi, Quepem.The accused have been charged under Section 286 (negligent conduct with respect to explosive substance) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17566333", "title": "5 killed in Tripura road accidents", "text": "AGARTALA: At least five people including a five-year-old were killed and 43 others injured in two separate road mishaps on Sunday involving vehicles carrying CITU supporters returning from a public rally in Agartala.The accident triggered anger among locals in Sadar North and angry villagers destroyed two vehicles. Tension gripped localities in the area and extra securitymen were deployed along the entire stretch of Agartala-Khowai road. Police said in the first accident, a vehicle coming from Agartala loaded with CITU supporters veered out of control and banged head-on into a tree. The accident left 13 people injured out of whom five were reported critical.The second accident occurred on Sunday evening near Hezamara when another vehicle returning from the CITU rally collided with a vehicle that was part of a convoy for a marriage party. Five people died and 30 were injured in the accident. The accident was followed by angry locals damaging vehicles carrying CITU workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17565887", "title": "Encroachments, tempos choke busy crossing", "text": "KANPUR: Encroachments and arbitrary halting of tempos on the road to collect passengers led to a major jam at Dipti Padao crossing on Monday afternoon.The jam, which stretched till Juhi bridge, began at 2 pm and could not be opened up till 5pm.The jam also choked areas like Karvalo Nagar and Anwarganj road. Commuters who came onto the service to escape the jam added to the mess.The absence of traffic personnel at Dipti Padao crossing resulted in bumper to bumper traffic on all sides of the crossing. Encroachment by two temporary food stalls on the road heading towards Dipti Padao crossing also contributed to the problem.The jam, and the ensuing frustration over it, led to heated exchange of words between the people. A couple that was attempting to escape the jam in a hurry fell on the road after their two-wheeler skidded. The female pillion rider received injuries in the incident.Meanwhile, several other areas of the city witnessed traffic jams. These areas included Fazalganj, Bada Chauraha, Ghantaghar, Police Office Road, Express Road, District Court Road, VIP Road, Kalyanpur, Chawla Market in Govind Nagar and Govind Nagar bridge.While at some areas, the cause of the jam were encroachments, wrong parking of vehicles and tempos, at others, the ongoing digging work for laying of water and sewage pipes was the major factor.For instance, commuters were stuck at VIP Road due to digging work going on near District Jail. Ghantaghar and Express Road are jam-prone areas due to heavy encroachment. A jam had also affected the movement of vehicles on KMC Road between Lajpat Nagar and Shivaji Nagar.SP Traffic MR Singh, who was not aware of the jam, said the jams are caused by commuters who're always in a hurry and do not follow traffic rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17566325", "title": "Civic body's online project drags", "text": "KOCHI: Citizens will have to wait till the Kochi corporation redesigns its old office complex to enjoy all online services promised under the e-governance system. Though the local body has completed installing software and required networks for the project, they have not be able to commence the project as workstations for employees have not been set up.Currently, the corporation issues only birth and death certificates online. According to officials, the congested and dusty rooms filled with paper files need to be cleaned up for the installation of sophisticated equipment. Employees will have to be provided separate cubicles. The civic body plans to approach the Forest Industries Travancore Ltd (FIT) to take up the task. The help of the Kerala Urban and Rural Development Finance Corporation (KURDFC) will also be sought for a loan to execute the project.The corporation would require the approval of the council before approaching FIT and KURDFC. \"We can entrust the work to FIT without inviting tenders as it is a government enterprise. The corporation will at least require Rs 6 crore to Rs 8 crore for setting up work stations at its main office and six zonal offices,\" said a senior councillor.The civic body had earlier chosen the health department to begin the initiative. It was planned to implement the same before the end of 2012. As per the plan, citizens would be able to track online details of medical facilities available in hospitals, posting of doctors, health camps, immunization programmes and other health-related initiatives undertaken by the local body.In the 2012-13 budget, the corporation has allocated an amount of Rs 8.70 crore for the implementation of the e-governance programme under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM). Out of the total amount, the Centre will provide Rs 4.35 crore and the state government will provide Rs 2.61 crore. The civic body has to make a contribution of Rs 1.74 crore.Kochi: It seems that citizens will have to wait till Kochi corporation redesigns it old office complex to get full-fledged online services promised under the e-governance system. Though the local body has completed the task of installing software and required networks for the project, they will not be able to go ahead without setting up proper workstations for its employees.It is pointed out that the congested and dusty rooms filled with paper files will have to be changed to place sophisticated equipment. Employees will have to be provided with separate cubicles and the paper files scattered around the office have to be cleared. As part of the efforts to change the outlook of the office, the civic body plans to approach Forest Industries (Travancore) Ltd (FIT) to take up the task. It has also been decided to approach the Kerala Urban and Rural Development Finance Corporation (KURDFC) for getting loan to execute the project through FIT.Though senior officials were not able to provide the deadline set for beginning the work, it is pointed out that corporation would require the approval of the council before approaching FIT and KUDFC. \"It is possible to give the work to FIT without inviting tenders as it is a government enterprise. The corporation will at least require Rs 6 - Rs 8 crore for setting up work stations at its main office and six zonal offices,\" said a senior councillor.The civic body had earlier chosen the health department as the pilot initiative that would be launched as part of implementing the e-governance system. It was planned to implement it before the end of 2012. As per the plan it was stated that citizens would be able to track online details regarding medical facilities available in hospitals, posting of doctors, health camps, immunization programmes and other health related initiatives undertaken by the local body.In the 2012-13 budget, the corporation has allocated an amount of Rs 8.70 crore for the implementation of the e-governance programme under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). Out of the total amount, the Centre will pump in Rs 4.35 crore and the state government will provide Rs 2.61 crore. The civic body has to make a contribution of Rs 1.74 crore..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564298", "title": "CBI to file chargesheet in spectrum allocation during NDA rule", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI is likely to file its chargesheet this week in connection with alleged irregularities in telecom spectrum allocation during the tenure of NDA government, which involves two telecom service providers along with officials of the department of telecom (DoT). Former telecom minister Pramod Mahajan would not be named as an accused in the chargesheet since he is dead, said sources.The agency was advised by the Supreme Court to follow the opinion of its chief while finalizing its chargesheet. CBI sources said the agency will book a former senior telecom official besides telecom companies.The agency had registered a case against Shyamal Ghosh, the then telecom secretary when the ministry was headed by Mahajan, J R Gupta, who was the deputy director general (value added services), and two telecom service providers Airtel and Vodafone for alleged irregularities in grant of additional spectrum.CBI had alleged in its FIR that the DoT increased the base spectrum for telecom companies from 4.4 MhZ to 6.2 MhZ during Mahajan's tenure from 2001 to 2003, and also allocated extra spectrum on subscriber-based criteria. The case against the then DoT official, Bharti Cellular (now known as Bharti Airtel), and Hutchinson Max and Sterling Cellular (now known as Vodafone Essar) was registered under 120-B (criminal conspiracy) of IPC and under various sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act, the CBI alleged.\"The then minister for telecom and communication (Pramod Mahajan) has been excluded since he expired,\" CBI had said but alleged that he was a part of criminal conspiracy to allocate the additional spectrum in a \"hurried\" manner.Both Bharti Airtel and Vodafone had, however, denied the allegation saying they had always maintained the highest standard of corporate governance and regulatory compliance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17565444", "title": "In last decade development &amp; destruction went hand in hand", "text": "LUDHIANA: The district has witnessed a decrease in the total forest cover from existing 2.69% of the total area to 1.79% of the total area in the last decade.This dip in the forest cover between 2001 and 2011, assessed by the Forest Survey of India, is not the only criteria to ascertain the depletion of green cover in the district.Even the recent figures of compensatory forest cover, which accounts the plantation that compensates felling of trees for infrastructure development suggests the forest department has been permitting to fell more trees than being planted. Avtar Singh, head of the department of forestry at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU), said the depleting green cover is evident even without the figures furnished by FSI.\"Infrastructure development has led to a rapid depletion of forest cover. We have started a \"Green Mission of Punjab\" three months ago to take measures to increase the forest cover of Punjab from 6.11% to 15%,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17566178", "title": "Cong renews enquiry demand into Nagpur Municipal Corporation projects", "text": "NAGPUR: The political activities at the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) suddenly got warmed up with commencement of the winter session of State legislature. The Congress-led opposition at NMC met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and renewed its demand for enquiry into various irregularities at the civic body. At the same time, the BJP-led ruling party slammed the government for delaying the NMC's proposals.Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke in a press conference on Monday said that Congress corporators met and raised various issues related to the city with the CM on Sunday. \"We took follow-up of all the issues for the last couple of years and failed to get any response from the government. NMC has to get funds in crores of rupees from the government and also approval on various proposals including waiving off of high water bills of consumers in the pilot 24x7 water supply project. We sought the CM's appointment and will meet him under the leadership of mayor Anil Sole. The CM had always given time for NMC, but if he denies this time, it will prove to be a biased response as the BJP is in the ruling at the NMC,\" he said.Meanwhile, Congress corporators and leaders led by leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre met the CM on Monday evening and requested to discuss various irregularities and approval of projects. Thakre again alleged massive irregularity in JNNURM projects including 24x7, Pench-IV and Starbuses. A fresh enquiry was sought into recruitment of 390 teachers against the post of 90.Chavan did not take cognizance of Congress corporators' demand during the civic elections and kept silence. It will be interesting to see how the CM handles the ruling and opposition groups during the winter session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17563564", "title": "Cellphones worth 6 lakh, 66,000 cash stolen from Boring Road", "text": "PATNA: Thieves stole cellphones worth Rs6 lakh and Rs66,000 cash after cutting the shutter of a cellphone shop at Maa Bhagwati Complex on Boring Road under S K Puri police station on Sunday night.Abhishek Kumar, partner of the shop, on Monday said he, along with his brother-in-law (jija) Shanti Swaroop, runs the shop in partnership. On Sunday, they had closed the shop at around 8pm. On Monday morning, the apartment owner, Sohen Rai, informed Swaroop that the shop's shutter had been cut open, he said.Kumar said the thieves had stolen cellphone sets worth Rs6 lakh and also taken Rs66,000 cash kept in the cash box. He said though the apartment guard was present till Sunday afternoon, he went to attend a marriage in the evening. Swaroop said he had lodged an FIR in this connection with the police station concerned.On getting information, Sachivalaya DSP Manish Kumar and SK Puri police station SHO Sanjay Pandey reached the spot. Blood stains besides fingerprints were found on the display table. Manish said Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) experts reached the spot and took the fingerprints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564402", "title": "City has dismal record of structural safety", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two building crashes and the tilting of another building, within a month, highlight Delhi's worrisome record of structural safety.In 2011, 60 people died and 75 were injured in 68 cases of structure collapse here. In a comparison of 53 cities, Delhi suffered the most due to structure collapse, said the National Crime Records Bureau reports.Only last week, a building had collapsed in east Delhi's Jheel Khurenja area without causing any casualties. On November 23, a building had tilted in Lalita Park, where 70 people lost their lives in a building collapse in 2010.While unauthorized construction is to blame for weak buildings, the civic agencies have failed to check it, especially in colonies lining the Yamuna's bank. \"The area is deprived of civic amenities but the real estate business is thriving. The corporation needs to act,\" said B S Vohra of East Delhi RWAs Front.Rampant illegal construction has not only added to congestion but also weakened old structures. The walls of many houses have developed deep cracks and their foundations have become weak.Corporation officials say they are helpless due to a shortage of supervisors. \"Staff crunch has been a persistent problem with the corporation after trifurcation. The application for recruitment of junior engineers has been pending for over two years. It is impossible for an engineer to keep a check in almost five wards,\" said S S Yadav, commissioner, East corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17563512", "title": "Red leader to be shifted to Bengal", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand will shift Maoist leader Sushil Roy to Jhargram in West Bengal once he returns to Giridih jail. The Maoist leader is undergoing cancer treatment at All India Institute of Medical Science (AIIMS) under police custody in Delhi. He has even claimed for clemency from government due to poor health and old age.Roy will be shifted to Jhargram jail and will not be released because a production warrant from West Bengal is pending against him with Giridih administration. Police sources said the Maoist leader was granted bail by Jharkhand High Court in a Girishi case, where Roy was accused of attacking the house of Baldev and Suraj Sahu in 2003 - the two were liked in the rebel attack. Before he got relief from high court, Roy had already got bail in other cases pending against him in Jharkhand.A police statement said: \"Roy is one of the top Maoist leader and 18 cases are pending against him in various courts. He was arrested from Midnapore in West Bengal on May 21, 2005, and was lodged at Chaibasa jail in Jharkhand due to security reasons. He was later shifted to Giridih jail.\"Giridih jail superintendent Ashok Chaudhary said: \"As soon as he returns to the jail, we will forward him to Jhargram as a production warrant is pending against him there. We have got the confirmation of the pending case and so he cannot be released by us even after getting bail from Jharkhand High Court,\" he said. He added that the decision on his release will be taken by Jhargram jail administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17563352", "title": "Probe into Hazaribag poster threat", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Chouparan police have started investigation into the alleged threat posters which were pasted on the walls of the house of one Kaushalya Devi, the mukhiya of Daihar panchayat in Hazaribag district.Binod Kumar Singh, Hazaribag SDPO, said on Monday that Chouparan police rushed to the village and removed the posters. A Maoist activist, Janmeshwar Singh, was arrested on November 28. However the Maoists had criticized the arrest saying Janmeshwar had nothing to do with the Maoists and demanded his release. Otherwise, the rebels will launch movement against police.Police, however, claimed that Singh was a Maoist activist against whom police have enough evidences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17565512", "title": "Bijnore DM withdraws order barring girls from wearing black clothes, jeans", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bijnore district magistrate (DM) Sarika Mohan was forced to withdraw her order barring girls from wearing black clothes, including burqas, or tops and jeans to a function attended by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav in Rampur on Monday following widespread protest.Mohan had issued the order on Saturday asking the recipients of cheques under the Kanya Vidya Dhan Yojana and Hamari Beti Uska Kal from the chief minister on Monday. \"No girl will go there in black dresses, dupatta or cardigan. They will also not be allowed to wear jeans or top. All parents must send their wards in simple dresses. They will also not wear jewellery,\" the DM had stated in the orderThe DM maintained that her order was misinterpreted. \"We have not decided any dress code. We had only asked girls to wear simple and sober dresses,\" she said. \"We asked participants to avoid black clothes because it would have not been suitable for the auspicious occasion.\"Interestingly, chief minister and other senior leaders who participated in the function were wearing black khadi jackets.This order led to widespread protests in Bijnore. Muslim leaders even asked girls to boycott the function. \"The DM's diktat...is not acceptable to us,\" said Bijnor Jama Masjid Imam Maulana Anwar-ul-Haq.Women organizations too protested the order, calling restrictions on wearing jeans regressive. Over 16,000 girls from Morabadbad division's districts, including Rampur, were among the beneficiaries.Opposition parties too slammed the government. \"The government was earlier afraid of black flags, but now it is also afraid of black clothes,\" BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, a former MP from Rampur, told reporters in Delhi.Wearing black clothes were banned in official functions of the state government after some people used it as a mark of protest during former CM Mayawati's government. The order has not been rescinded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17565895", "title": "Hawala transactions rife at casinos operating in Goa: Mickky Pacheco", "text": "PANAJI: Nuvem MLA and Goa Vikas Party (GVP) supremo Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco charged that casinos in Goa have been causing the state a loss in crores of rupees of revenue by underreporting the number of persons visiting casinos.While he refrained from making a statement against the government, observers say that Pacheco's statement is indirectly against revenue collection by the commercial taxes department. In other words, Pacheco has contradicted the statement of the chief minister that leakages in revenue collection have been plugged by the government.Pacheco, a member of the ruling coalition, has also alleged that casinos are operating a 'hawala' (racket), a charge the government may have to respond to.Pacheco said that while they received 800 persons on weekdays and 1,200 people on weekends, casinos report entry of only 100-150 persons. \"The casinos in Goa, especially the offshore casinos are siphoning off funds from the state,\" Pacheco alleged and demanded a government inquiry into the issue.He said this was depriving Goa of tax revenue. \"At the current commercial tax value of 500 per person, each casino operator deprives the state exchequer of a minimum of 4 lakh on weekdays and 5 lakh on weekends,\" said Pacheco. He said this is the figure when the entry fee is 500.In the previous financial year, it was 2,000 per person.Pacheco also said almost 80 per cent of the casino employees are non-Goans, although there are enough people suitable for the job in Goa. He said he was recently approached by a group of boys working in a casino who told him that they are being harassed in order to force them to leave their jobs.He demanded that all previous dues be recovered from the casinos and the casinos should be sealed till this was done.He also called on the government to install surveillance cameras as well as appoint government officials to monitor each casino.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17565276", "title": "Security forces, rebels exchange fire", "text": "RAIPUR: Maoists have stepped up their activities in tribal Bastar region of Chhattisgarh with the rebels opening fire at a group of security personnel in the Maoist hotbed of Chintalnar in Sukma district.Police sources said the Maoists opened indiscriminate fire from a distance when a joint team of Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and elite Cobra battalion were on a routine patrolling in Chintalnar area. The security forces exchanged fire and there were no casualties.Chintalnar, in Sukma district, is considered as a locality under the control of Naxalites , who had massacred 76 security personnel in nearby Tadmetla area in 2010.In Narayanpur, the rebels set ablaze a tractor engaged in road construction near Meharbada locality. Police said a group of six rebels, in the guise of local villagers, reached the spot and set the vehicle on fire, in an apparent attempt to stall road construction.Narayanpur police has arrested a self-styled commander Jan militia dalam of the outlawed Communist Party of India (Maoist) from Chotedonger area. Police said the arrested rebel leader was wanted in connection with a number of criminal cases.Chintalnar, in Sukma , is considered as a locality under the control of Naxalites, who had massacred 76 personnels in nearby Tadmetla in 2010.In Narayanpur, the rebels set ablaze a tractor engaged in road construction near Meharbada locality in an apparent attempt to stall road construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17565764", "title": "Delhi cops want lie detector test on Zee chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Zee Group chairman Subhash Chandra denied any knowledge of his editors meeting staff of Naveen Jindal's firm for an alleged Rs 100 crore extortion bid, a trial court on Monday issued notice to him and two editors seeking their response to Delhi Police's plea for conducting a lie detector test on them.During the hearing, the Crime Branch of Delhi Police told the court that a lie detector test of Chandra was required to bring the truth on record. It also said the two accused editors were concealing crucial facts which could come out in the polygraph test.Metropolitan magistrate Sudhanshu Kaushik sought the response of Chandra, Zee News head Sudhir Chaudhary and Zee Business editor Samir Ahluwalia on December 12, while remanding the editors to judicial custody till December 22. The police also sought voice samples of the editors for comparison with the voices recorded on audio/video devices by officials of Jindal Steel and Power Limited during the sting operation.Zee counsel seeks nod to preserve call details of JindalsZee editors Sudhir Chaudhary, 40, and Samir Ahluwalia, 41, were produced before a trial court here after expiry of their two days' police remand in the alleged Jindal extortion case.Meanwhile, the counsel for Zee Group Vijay Aggarwal also approached the court for permission to preserve the call details of industrialist and Congress MP Navin Jindal, his elder brother Prithvi Jindal and uncle Sitaram Jindal between September and November 2012.In his plea, Aggarwal sought a direction from the court to the investigation officer to expedite the probe and requested that the court monitor the probe as well. Aggarwal said that by preserving the call records, \"we can get crucial evidence in the case for which our Group (Zee) is facing alleged extortion case\". He also said that indirectly, the three Jindals used to contact the Zee chairman. The court issued notice to the Crime Branch for December 19 seeking its response on the Zee group's plea.The crime branch said that on December 8, Chandra and his son Punit Goenka had joined the investigation and both editors have been confronted with them but little had come of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17566492", "title": "Sobhandeb set to lose House post", "text": "KOLKATA: The Trinamool Congress is set to take disciplinary action against veteran leader Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay and is likely to remove him as the chief whip in the assembly.Baranagar MLA Tapas Roy is poised to take Chattopadhyay's place.Chattopadhyay's outbursts against the party haven't gone down too well with chief minister Mamata Banerjee. Senior state minister Subrata Mukherjee has conveyed Mamata's message to Chattopadhyay . \"I have packed my bags. I am ready to leave whenever the party asks me to,\" Chattopadhyay said on Monday.Senior Trinamool leaders are now working overtime to lessen the impact of such a move on the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17568184", "title": "Sandeep &amp; Co will have to work hard to get places back: Nobbs", "text": "NEW DELHI: With a young Indian team managing an impressive fourth-place finish in the Champions Trophy, hockey coach Michael Nobbs has dropped hints that seniors such as Sandeep Singh could be on their way out as he is looking to build a side for the 2014 Olympics.Cricket should learn from HockeyAce drag-flicker Sandeep and non-performing seniors such as Tushar Khandekar, Shivendra Singh and former captain Bharat Chettri were left out of the squad for the Champions Trophy, where the Sardar Singh-led India, playing in the event after six long years, managed to qualify for the semifinals.Asked about the fate of the seniors after they were also ignored for the upcoming Asian Champions Trophy in Doha, Nobbs said hard work and performance are the only criteria for getting selected in the national team.\"They (seniors) will have to work hard to get back their places and the longer these youngsters keep on performing the harder it will be for them,\" Nobbs said in an interview after returning from the Champions Trophy in Melbourne , where India lost 2-3 to arch-rivals Pakistan in the semifinals.\"Everybody who is picked is picked on the merit of their performance. But it doesn't mean the senior are missing out, it means they have to work harder.\"We wanted to build up the base. If you look at the Australians, Germans they have very big base. We are looking for a team in Rio in four years time. The question we have to ask is that by picking a player now will he be available for Rio?\" he asked.\"Will he be good enough in four years time or will he be old? Keeping that in mind, the selectors decided that we will pick and build a team for the future. I am happy with the competition but I would like to have more players competing for positions,\" he insisted.Even though he was disappointed not to have returned with a medal from Melbourne, Nobbs said the fact that two Asian teams qualified for the last four of the Champions Trophy is a good sign for the game.\"I am disappointed because I want to win everything, every game, every championship but all of these require great deal of hard work and little bit of luck. Two Asian teams in the semifinal of Champions Trophy means world hockey will start noticing the fact that we are starting to come back again now,\" he said.The Australian was full of praise for his young team and handpicked a few players including inspirational captain Sardar Singh, who according to him was exceptional in the Champions Trophy.\"It was an excellent effort by a young team. They tried really hard. The young players showed their determination to play hockey for India. Sardar is our most capped player with 150 and everybody else is around 10-20. So it is a very young team.\"Just results would tell you that they just wanted to play hockey. I am really proud of them and India should be proud of them,\" he said.\"They were led fantastically by Sardar Singh. He has been picked as the top five players in the world but probably he is presently number two in the world. He is a fantastic player and leads by example on the field,\" the soft-spoken coach said.\"Raghu (VR Raghunath) is a tough uncompromising defender and now is the vice-captain. Rupinder, as he is not in the shadow of any of the senior players, stood up and started to play really tough hockey. Birendra Lakra, Kothajit (Singh) and Manpreet (Singh) were all excellent,\" Nobbs said.India's defense line led by vice-captain VR Raghunath came up for special mention from the chief coach, who felt his strikers lacked experience.\"The defence played superbly. At 34, (goalkeeper) PT Rao was excellent. I thought we might struggle after PR Sreejesh's injury as he was playing brilliantly but Rao did not let us feel that vacuum at any point of time,\" he said.\"But I think our forwards lacked a bit of experience. I think in the last few games we just lacked a bit of experience upfront.\"We spent a lot of time on our defensive aspects after the London Olympics and try and emulate what Germany does in defence and that certainly helped but at the same time I didn't want to kill our attacking flair,\" Nobbs added.Talk about his long-term goal and Nobbs was quick to reply: \"Rio\".\"My long-term goal is a podium in Rio and that's what we are aiming for. But the short-term goal is the Hockey India League where I want to see how Indian players play against some of the best in international hockey. It's a selection process as well for the world league coming up in next December,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17565314", "title": "Three more cases of credit card cheating", "text": "AURANGABAD: Three more persons on Sunday lodged complaints against credit card fraudsters, who have allegedly cheated them of more than Rs 1 lakh.The economic offences wing and the cyber cell of the Aurangabad police suspect that the cheats might have duped many more people from the city.Five people, including two doctors from the city, who fell prey to two fake bank employees who took away their credit cards under the pretext of increasing the credit limit, had lodged complaints.The accused duped all the five victims to the tune of Rs 1.85 lakh. The case was transferred to the cyber cell.Police have sent a team to Indore to nab the accused, after it was learnt through their cellphone surveillance that the accused were from Madhya Pradesh. The victims claimed that the act seemed to be an insider job and are demanding an enquiry.Three more incidents came to light on Sunday night after the victims came to City Chowk, Cidco and Jawaharnagar police stations to lodge complaints against unidentified accused who duped them under the pretext of increasing their credit card limits too.Police said that Jayendra Hemchandra Birud (45), a private employee and a resident of Hudco area, Kalyan Radhakrishna Matra (63), a businessman and a resident of Sindhi Colony and a professor hailing from Jawahar Nagar jurisdiction, who later refused to lodge a complaint, were duped using the same modus operandi used against their previous victims.Birud was cheated of Rs 56,200 while Matra was relieved of his Rs 54,728. The professor was also duped for the same amount, added police.Speaking to TOI, senior inspector Avinash Aghav said, \"The credit card cheats may be an inter-state and a tech-savvy gang. By studying their modus operandi, prima facie it appears that they have stolen data from a private bank. We are looking into the source from where they either stole or got the data.\"Aghav said that one should never hand over credit or debit cards to an unknown person. If one receives a call claiming to be from the bank, it is wiser to go to the bank and check for the veracity of the claims made over the phone. If any person has handed over his or her card to any unknown person, the card must be blocked with immediate effect and the incident must be brought to the notice of the police, so that they can be nabbed while using the credit cards.Police commissioner Sanjay Kumar has appealed to people to take all precautions while dealing with debit and credit cards. Kumar also asked people to contact the nearest police station or the control room at 100 if they receive any such suspicious call.The investigation team said there are high chances that many more victims may turn up with complaints against credit card cheats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "17563845", "title": "Plans afoot for 1200-km Paradip-Hyderabad oil pipeline", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL) has decided to lay a 1200-km oil pipeline from Paradip to Hyderabad passing through Visakhapatnam, IOCL executive director (eastern division) H S Pati said in Paradip recently.Talking to mediapersons, Pati said there are plans to implement two more multi-purpose pipelines originating from Paradip. While the 1,065-km-long Paradip-Raipur-Ranchi pipeline at a cost of Rs 1,793 crore will supply LPG to bottling plants in Odisha and West Bengal , the 710-km Paradip-Haldia-Durgapur pipeline worth Rs 913 crore will transport refined products from Paradip refinery to consumption centres located in Odisha, Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand , he said.The IOCL plans to expand its pipeline network by more than 10,000-km in the coming years. The capacity of the pipeline network would increase by about 50 Million Metric Tonne Per Annum (MMTPA), Pati said.The oil corporation is also setting up two more (Single Point Moorings) SPMs in Paradip port at an investment of Rs 1,493 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17566216", "title": "Cracks in opposition over no-trust move timing", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite festering difference within the opposition ranks, Maharashtra government could find itself facing a no-trust motion in the assembly within the next two days. Sources said the three principal opposition parties-BJP, Shiv Sena and MNS- could not reach a conclusion during the meeting called by assembly speaker Dilip Walse-Patil on Monday. However, the ruling DF was working overtime to cash in on the split within the opposition and introduce the motion on the agenda in the next couple of days, even if a debate cant be held immediately thereafter. It believes the arithmetic is on its side.During the meet on the first day of the winter session, differences within the opposition came to fore as it sat down to discuss when to unleash the no-trust motion. While Sena insisted the motion at least find a mention on this week's agenda, the BJP stressed it may not be available for support since it clashes with the party's massive morcha on Tuesday to protests against the alleged irrigation scam. Thereafter, the party is likely to disrupt house proceedings for the day. The BJP top brass warned that if the motion was defeated in the first week, it may take the steam out Opposition's efforts to corner the government.\"We will definitely support this motion because of our alliance with Sena. But it will have to be presented in the second week of the session. They (Sena) did not even take our opinion before deciding to bring such a motion,\" said a top BJP leader. Sources in the three parties said the differences may now extend to other issues that the Opposition planned to rake up during the session. The likely debate on corruption in irrigation projects could well be a casualty. \"It is likely the divide will surface when the house takes up the irrigation debate this week,\" said a Sena leader.Under assembly Rule 95, the speaker must inform the house of a no-trust motion within a stipulated time. Thereafter, a time and day is decided for the debate, prior to which a member must propose the motion in the house. The consent of at least 29 members is must for the motion to be considered. Walse-Patil, however, said it was prerogative of the speaker to decide on motion. \"If the speaker wants, he could immediately admit such a motion and start debate within two days of its sanction by the house,\" he said. Rule 57 (2) allows overruling any other rule if such a debate is to be held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17565438", "title": "Sobhandeb faces action, party still wary", "text": "KOLKATA: Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay's latest outburst seems to have hastened the inevitable.Trinamool Congress supremo Mamata Banerjee has not taken it very lightly, especially after the veteran legislator was asked not to go public with his dissent. Inttuc national president Subrata Mukherjee has already conveyed Mamata's word to Sobhandeb, eliciting an equally curt response. \"I have packed my bags. I am ready to leave whenever the party asks me to,\" said Sobhandeb.With action imminent, senior Trinamool leaders are now working overtime to lessen the impact. Sobhandeb, sources indicate, may lose his post of chief whip. He is tipped to be replaced by Tapas Roy, overtaking another contender Asoke Deb.Party national general secretary Mukul Roy, state president Subrata Bakshi, parliamentary affairs minister Partha Chatterjee and Mukherjee held several meetings on Monday on the issue. Roy refused to comment, saying: \"If there is any problem it will be resolved within the party.\"However, Chatterjee's apparent frustration on the Sobhandeb issue was a giveaway. \"Whatever we'd done on it appears undone by him (Sobhandeb),\" he said, adding that he and Subrata Mukherjee had spoken to Sobhandeb twice on the issue.While these meetings didn't veer towards a solution, they had repeatedly urged Sobhandeb to keep quiet and avoid further embarrassment to Trinamool.But a decision is not going to be easy, either. On a day Sobhandeb's fate was being deliberated, education minister Bratya Basu said in the assembly: \"When I was informed about it (the November 27 assault on Sobhandeb in Calcutta University), I immediately requested the CU vice-chancellor to form a disciplinary committee to investigate the matter. The committee will take action irrespective of political colour. The report will be submitted. You will see (what action is taken).\"When Basu was asked if those who attacked Sobhandeb - a rival faction of the Trinamool - would be arrested, he reminded the Left legislators of the fate of former CU VC Santosh Bhattacharya.Leader of the opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra tried to expose this contradictory position of the Trinamool. \"The minister says action will be taken. Yet nothing is being done although there is an FIR on it. I had also urged the Speaker to inquire into it, after all he (Sobhandeb) is a member of the assembly and an important office bearer too,\" Mishra told reporters later.Union minister of state Adhir Chowdhury was more direct. \"We will welcome Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay (in Congress) with open arms. I know him, he is a very respectable leader,\" he said in Dakshineshwar.Weighing heavily on the Trinamool leadership is another day's development. Manmatha Ranjan Biswas, who is accused in Sobhandeb's FIR, triggered the defection of 75 supporters of the Congress-backed Intuc union in CU to the Trinamool-propped Sara Bangla Trinamool Sikhabandhu Samiti.Biswas is the vice-president of this organisation and also its CU convener. Ever since Mukul Roy formed this unit, its membership has touched 500 in CU alone, overtaking Sobhandeb's All Bengal University Employees Association (ABUEA).Sobhandeb refused to comment on the controversy but he is learnt to have bared his angst before senior party colleagues. \"I had only said which the chief minister says publicly. The media has only used some excerpts of the hour-long speech. Should Mamata Banerjee hear it herself, she will only applaud me,\" he reportedly said.Trinamool realizes that there will be many repercussions if it's the end of the road for a leader of Sobhandeb's stature - he is the very first MLA of Trinamool and has set up 457 trade unions statewide. And it was perhaps this that prompted senior ministers and MLAs to queue up before his assembly chamber urging him not to do \"anything in haste.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564324", "title": "Shinde to examine Afzal's mercy plea after Parliament session", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde will start examining mercy petition files, sent back to the MHA recently by the President, after the winter session of Parliament concludes on December 20.Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru's file is among the seven files returned by President Pranab Mukherjee to the home ministry. Mukherjee has asked Shinde, who took charge of the home ministry on August 1, to take a relook at the MHA opinion tendered on these petitions during his predecessor P Chidambaram's tenure.At a press conference here to present the MHA's report card for November, Shinde also said on Monday that no request had been received from either the family of Ajmal Kasab, the 26/11 convict who was hanged on November 21, or the government of Pakistan for his body.To a question on the status of mercy plea of Guru, Shinde said a decision to reject his clemency application was taken earlier.\"(Subsequently) The file was sent to the President for consideration. But the President sent back to me seven cases (including Guru). When Parliament session is over, I will look into it. I can't tell you the date,\" he said.\"As soon as the file comes to me, I will not take much time,\" Shinde.Guru was sentenced to death for the 2001 Parliament attack in which nine people, including security force personnel, were killed and another 16 were injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17563741", "title": "Swanky vertical plan for Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: If everything goes as planned, the capital city will have some more iconic office buildings, akin to Commissionerate Police Headquarters, East Coast Railway Headquarters and Fortune Tower.While the works department has already taken up a project to construct highrise office buildings in Unit-V area, the Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) is contemplating to allow construction of office spaces on the left side of the Rajmahal-Master Canteen route.The works department has drawn up a plan to set up three state-of-art towers along the R N Singhdeo Marg to relocate some offices, which are now functioning in old buildings in interior areas of the capital city. \"We have sent the proposal to finance department for vetting. Once the proposal is through, we will prepare the detailed project report and investment budget,\" chief engineer (buildings) S R Sethy told TOI. As per plan, the architecture of the proposed towers would reflect traditional art and craft of the state, he said. Since a number of government quarters exist on both sides of the R N Singhdeo Marg, the government would take a call later whether or not the residences will be relocated.Sources said some of the offices from Naatala (heads of departments) building would be shifted to the proposed towers. There is also proposal to shift some offices from the secretariat.Likewise, the project monitoring unit (PMU) of BDA has sent a proposal to the state housing and urban development department to construct swanky office buildings on Rajmahal-Master Canteen route. \"Since the right side of the road has flourishing commercial establishments, we have proposed to set up office buildings facing the other side. There will be less spillover of encroachment if government offices come up there,\" a PMU officer said. \"Government offices apart, the office space can be allotted to corporate houses like in Fortune Tower,\" the officer added.Meanwhile, the government is ready to make the upscale OCAC tower functional very soon. Sources said two floors of the newly made seven-storey building, which has been set up just behind the building of Odisha Computer Application Centre, will be leased out to IT hardware industries for incubation purpose. The OCAC tower is touted as the second largest office space after Fortune Tower, built by the state government in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17563727", "title": "Ruling party, opposition wrestle over farmers' cause", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With an obvious eye on the next general elections, both the opposition Congress and the ruling BJD have seemingly started wooing the farming community. Since the beginning of the Winter Session, farmers' issues have overshadowed everything else. And Monday was no different.While Opposition legislators continued to come down heavily on the ruling dispensation over alleged distress sale of paddy, lack of marketing yards and inadequate irrigation facilities, the Naveen Patnaik-led party has begun making efforts to ensure that the Congress does not walk with the farmers' cause. The Grand Old Party successfully organized a dawn-to-dusk bandh in Nuapada town on Monday, seeking Rs 300 as bonus for farmers in addition to the minimum support price for each quintal of paddy.\"The farmers belong to all of us. We are equally concerned for them,\" law minister Raghunath Mohanty said. Mohanty, who was deputing for chief minister Naveen Patnaik during a debate on an adjournment motion notice, said the state government was committed to farmers' welfare and would during the 12th five-year plan (2012-2017) ensure all 314 blocks in the state had at least 35 per cent irrigation coverage.The minister's response followed the opposition hitting out at the BJD government for allegedly reneging on its promise ever since coming to power in 2000. \"In 2000, the BJD poll manifesto promised 100 per cent irrigation to farmers. Four years later, its election promise was 50 per cent coverage. And in 2009, it was further reduced to 35 per cent,\" Congress whip Prasad Harichandan said.Accusing the BJD government of misleading the public by furnishing inconsistent data, Harichandan highlighted various responses elicited from the government where the information on irrigation coverage does not match. Earlier, during Zero Hour the opposition alleged distress sale of paddy, forcing Speaker Pradip Amat to say he would convene a special meeting to discuss the matter.Apparently wary that the Congress, which had stalled House proceedings for days from the start of the ongoing session demanding special debate on farmers' issues, even treasury bench members pressed for establishment of sufficient 'mandis' (marketing yards) in the state to facilitate farmers to sale their produce at government fixed prices. \"It is not just the opposition, but also our members who are concerned for farmers,\" said Mahanga MLA Pratap Jena (BJD).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17569199", "title": "'Quantum of Solace' twice as violent compared to 1st Bond flick", "text": "James Bond last movie 'Quantum of Solace' has more than double the amount of violent acts than was seen in the original 1962 movie 'Dr No,' a study has revealed.The researchers from New Zealand's University of Otago analysed 22 official franchise films, which span 46 years, to test the hypothesis that popular movies are becoming more violent.They found that rates of violence increased significantly over the period studied and there was an even bigger increase in portrayals of severe violence: acts that would be likely to cause death or injury if they occurred in real life.While the first Bond film only featured 109 trivial or severely violent acts, there were 250 violent acts in Quantum of Solace . The latter film featured nearly three times as many acts of severe violence.In counting and classifying violent imagery in the films the researchers used a scheme modified from a US 1997 National Television Violence Study.Violent acts were defined as attempts by any individual to harm another and classified as severe (like punching, kicking, or attacks with weapons) or trivial violence (like a push or an open-handed slap).The research has been published online in the US journal Archives of Pediatric and Adolescent Medicine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "17563293", "title": "Sindri blockade to demand ban on dumper trucks", "text": "SINDRI: To press for the ban on plying a certain brand of dumper truck between Jharia and Sindri during daytime to avoid accidents, a joint front of trade unions and political parties on Monday stopped plying the vehicles near Chasnala on Monday and announced to continue the agitation till the district administration bans its operation.Trade union leader Nitai Mahto and civic councillor Bijola Devi said that on October 31 the Dhanbad subdivisional officer (SDO), after talking to Dhanbad deputy commissioner, had assured them to impose ban on the dumper truck during day time after five people were killed in a road accident in Chasnala. \"But despite repeated reminders, the administration is yet to implement the assurance given to the public in presence of the MLAs,\" Mahto said. The councillor had submitted a memorandum to the SDO about the agitation if the assurance was not implemented. tnnIn an agreement signed in the presence of Sindri, Dhanbad and Bokaro MLAs, it was agreed upon that Maithan Power Ltd. (MPL), which has engaged the dumper trucks for transporting raw materials, would meet the treatment expenses of those injured in the accident and pay compensation to them and the kin of the deceased. However, the company is yet to pay a single penny to the injured who are still under treatment after more than a month of the accident, Mahto alleged demanding intervention of the district administration.Hundreds of dumper trucks remained stranded because of the agitation on Monday. Civic councillors Biren Gorai, Sumit Supkar and Chandan Manhto, Praveer Ojha, Sabur gorai, Hare Murari Mahto, Prabhas Agrawal, Ranjay Singh, Arun Mahto, Durga Ojha, Dilip Ojha were promionent among others leading the agitation. Surprisingly, the MLAs who signed the agreement with the district administration and MPL representatives could not join the agitation.Body Recovered: Gaushala police have recovered the badly mutilated body of Rayees Kuraishi, a goat seller of Motinagar locality on Sindri-Dhanbad main road near Gaushala early on Monday. Police suspect that he was killed in a road accident after midnight. A case against unknown vehicle has been lodged on the basis of a complaint by his brother Kayum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17565802", "title": "Fields of hope", "text": "Panchanama - Pissurlem - SattariWith mining shut and livelihoods threatened, locals are looking to give their ancestral fields and plantations a new lease of life if the government will step in with irrigation and other supportLife appears to be coming full circle for villages under the Pissurlem panchayat. Once home to thriving agriculture, horticulture and cattle-rearing occupations, mining and its effects on the environment soon drove these traditional livelihoods into oblivion. With the ban on mining and its activities under way since October this year, villagers are once again looking towards their fields and plantations. But the lack of irrigation facilities is a major hurdle.Hanumant Parab, a social activist from Deulwada-Pissurlem, says, \"The years of pumping out groundwater from mining pits into settling ponds has left our rivers dry.\" During the monsoon the runoff from the enormous heaps of rejects piled up across the panchayat land up in the fields and wells leaving them silted and polluted. \"We are forced to rely entirely on water tankers for everything,\" he emphasizes.Pissurlem, incidentally, is one of the richest panchayats in Sattari taluka. With an industrial estate and four mining firms operating in its jurisdiction its budget last year was a whopping Rs 1.9 crore. Yet, a major chunk of the 3,174 population (as per 2001 census) is unemployed, while there are 193 families below poverty line.Elders in the village recall how during the erstwhile Portuguese regime Pissurlem's comunidade was one of the most active in the region with flourishing agriculture and horticulture. Once mining started in full swing though the fields fell victim to air, water, and noise pollution.Mining is allegedly responsible for locals' health problems too. Dr D D D'Mello, medical officer of Pissurlem's Fomento health centre says, \"Every day 40-50 patients on an average come to our centre suffering from respiratory, skin, asthma, urinary-related diseases. After the check-up, we provide them with free medicines.\"A resident of Dhankal-Bandharwada says everyone in the village has been forced to depend on mining since the activity destroyed agriculture several years ago.Deputy sarpanch Vaibhavi Humane says, \"The dhangar community living in Dobwada and New Dhangarwada in Kumbarkhan are facing several hardships as the traditional buffalo-rearing occupation is threatened (by mining) and a majority from the community are unemployed.\"Sarpanch Vijay Parab says, \"Our forefathers were involved in agriculture, but today we earn our bread and butter mostly through mining.\" In the mining ore transportation business himself, the sarpanch, who owns trucks, says the closure of mining has affected locals badly \"and we are presently without any source of livelihood\".Panch Sagun Sitaram Wadkar, a sarpanch from 1989 to 1995 and 2007 to 2012, adds, \"A majority of villagers in our panchayat rely on mining. Reviving agriculture and horticulture is not easy and not economically viable.\"But Hanumant counters. \"We want to go back to agriculture. Our fields have been destroyed, our cattle are without fodder and water, our lakes need to be desilted. If agriculture, horticulture and dairy farming are revived, our economic status can be consolidated.\"Anant Hoble, the zonal agriculture officer of Sattari says, \"The government has various schemes and programmes to boost the morale of those who want to revive agriculture and horticulture. We are ready to help villagers in their mission.\"Poriem MLA Pratapsingh Rane says, \"Right from my entry into politics, I have always tried to solve various issues of the panchayat. I will try to complete unfinished developmental works and I have various plans to provide relief to issues of the villagers.\"Problem problemIn bad conditionPissurlem has a government high school which was inaugurated on October 25, 1991. The school building today is in very bad condition and direly needs maintenance. Locals also talk about of the misuse of the campus by drunks during vacations and holidays. Headmaster Madhav Joshi, who took charge of the school on April 13, this year says, \"I have already informed the higher authorities about the unsafe school building. I am making my best efforts to bring back normal condition through numerous planned activities.\" The school has 143 students studying from Classes V to X. During 2011, it earned a 60% pass rate at the Class X board exams.No jobsThough there are 38 units in the Pissurlem industrial estate, four have closed down while nine quit their plots. \"Very few youth from our panchayat area are employed at the estate. Though our resources are being used, we hardly get any benefit from the estate. The companies do not give any priority to skilled locals,\" alleges former sarpanch Dipajirao Rane Sardesai from Kumbharkhan.Top View", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "dodamarg", "code": "17565888", "title": "Tillari oustees hold dharna inside canal, stop release of water to Goa", "text": "DODAMARG: Around 60 oustees, representing Tillari Praklapgrast Sangharsha Samiti from Bodade village of Dodamarg taluka, have been observing a dharna inside the Tillari left bank canal since midnight on December 9.Stopping the release of water to Goa, they are demanding the fulfilment of assurances given by the government of priority for employment in Goa.The canal lies between Bodade and Khanyale villages of Dodamarg.During Churchill Alemao's 13-day stint as chief minister in 1990, an agreement was signed between the Goa and Maharashtra governments that 600 ha of land would be set aside in Bicholim and Pernem talukas for those displaced from the Tillari dam's command area and that the rehabilitated persons would be be given priority for employment in Goa.Shashikant Ganpat Gawas, president of the Samiti, told TOI, \"The 1,236 families displaced from eight villages are seeking justice under democratic means for the last three decades. But the Goa government has failed to meet our demands.\"\"The government of Maharashtra has provided employment to 183 persons. The Goa government has to provide jobs to 831 persons,\" he added.Pandurang Vishnu Gawas, 85, who was born in the now submerged Shirange village said, \"Our sources of income in the village were cashew, coconut and mango plantations, besides paddy and other crops. We lost our trees and we had to sell our cattle too as there was no provision for shelter and fodder for these animals in the new place.\"He added, \"The compensation has not been able to substitute our earnings from the plantations and crops.\"Narayan Ghadi from Tervan-Medhe said, \"We are ready to die for our rights. As all our other efforts have failed, we are inside the canal, away from homes, since Sunday. Both, the Goa and Maharashtra governments are responsible for not solving our problems.\"Vijay Talekar, tehsildar, Dodamarg taluka told TOI, \"As per the request of the Maharashtra government, Goa has agreed to convene a meeting of the board of control on January 7-8 where the grievances and demands of the oustees will be discussed. We are hopeful that they will not create a further law-and-order situation.\"Vijay Patil, executive engineer, Tillari, said, \"We are doing our best to solve the problems of the oustees. Necessary steps will be taken at the earliest to release water through the canals to Goa.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568693", "title": "Social networking site deletes gay student community\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s page", "text": "Days after the curtains came down on the Queer Pride march, members of Queer Campus India (QCI), a student's collective, were in for a rude shock when the moderators of the online group discovered that their page was pulled off a popular social networking site. The group that has a 1,500-strong following has 200 members from Bangalore in the online space. Priyank Sukhand, a member of Queer Campus Bangalore, (QCB) laments the early termination of the page. \"I believe it was an inappropriate post that led to the page being pulled down. Right now, we have put Queer Campus Bangalore on high alert and are screening posts that could be deemed objectionable. We have changed our online rules and are also being careful about the material being posted,\" says Priyank. \"The pages contained vital data, numbers of psychologists across India, and we planned our events on this page. Now, all that is lost,\" says 22-year-old Tanuj Biyani, a member of QCI since 2011. Delhi-based Tanuj, who is also one of the moderators of the page, doesn't rule out a case of homophobia. He has written to the social networking site to find out whether it was a deliberate move or a technical issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17564772", "title": "Fewer members, more women in new BJP state panel likely", "text": "LUCKNOW: Several former district presidents may replace district in charges in the state Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) once the much-awaited state working committee takes shape after results of Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh election are announced on December 20.Sources within the party said that the results may also leave an impact on the shape of the state working committee. The new working committee will in all likelihood see several new faces and a blend of youth and experience, state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi told TOI and added that the committee would be formed by the month-end.Bajpayi confirmed to TOI that present district incharges at several places might be replaced with former district presidents, who are aware of the ground realities and have been actively working in the interest of the party. To recall, district incharges also drew flak after BJP failed present a decent show in the UP assembly election 2012 with the party getting just 47 out of 403 seats.Elaborating on the committee, Bajpayi said that women representation in the committee would either be at par with the provision of 33% reservation, or would be more. But in no way it would be less, Bajpayi confirmed and added same would be the case of other categories of reservation. This time around, regional committees would also hold prominence have power to recommend district working panels, Bajpayi further said.Another change from the previous working committee would be the size of working panel. Unlike around 500-odd members in the previous working committee under the stewardship of Surya Pratap Shahi, this time the size would be as per the constitution which limits the size to 105 members. It means that out of 105 members, 35 would be women and nine scheduled castes and tribes. Those holding the posts would not exceed 27 including the president, as per the party constitution. Out of the total 27 members, 9 would be women office-bearers and 3 SC/ST members.Other than president, state working panel can have 10 vice-presidents, 10 secretaries, 4 general secretaries, one organisation secretary and one treasurer.A party insider talking to TOI said that the results in Gujarat election would have its impact on the working committee, as pre-poll analysis once again have been predictiing the fact that chief minister of Gujarat Narendra Modi is all set to repeat his feat for the third consecutive term. And if he wins the polls, he would immediately come on the national canvas and for that Uttar Pradesh, by virtue of sending maximum number of 80 MPs, would be the most important state for any leader in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "17566051", "title": "Tusker dies of infection", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: The death of an elephant due to formation of worms in its stomach has become a cause of concern for the Bhadra wildlife wing. The officials have requested veterinarians to study whether it is contagious and the reason for worm build up.Bhadra wildlife wing conservator of forest Krishna Udapudi told TOI that the tusker was found dead at Jenuhallakovu in Lakkavalli range on Sunday evening. It is suspected to have died two days ago. Its tusks were intact and there was no external injury. During autopsy, heavy load of worms were found on its body.Udapudi said worms are common on elephant's body, but it would have been eliminated through natural process. When the amount of worms exceeds, it starts affecting vital parts of the body, eventually causing the death of elephants. This is the fourth elephant which is found dead on Bhadra wildlife sanctuary premises in the recent times. When two died of electrocution, two others died due to ailment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17565258", "title": "Winter session likely to be stormy", "text": "RAIPUR: The winter session of the Chhattisgarh Vidhan Sabha, beginning here on Tuesday, is expected to be stormy with the opposition Congress gearing up to mount an attack on the Raman Singh government on the issues of deteriorating law and order situation and to press for a probe by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) into row over allocation of coal block to a Nagpur based firm.\"There are many issues, including deteriorating law and order, increasing crimes in the state capital, strike by the teachers working on honorarium basis and the coal block controversy related to handing over of coal blocks to a joint venture firm of BJP leader Ajay Sancheti who is considered close to BJP chief Nitin Gadkari ,\" State Congress media cell in charge Shailesh Nitin Trivedi told TOI.Pointing out that the law and order situation has become a matter of serious concern, he said the recent kidnapping of a school girl in Raipur and a broad day light physical assault on a plastic surgeon in the city and incidents of other abductions would be raised during the session, which would continue till December 21.Trivedi said the Congress Legislature Party (CLP), headed by leader of the opposition Ravindra Choubey, is scheduled to meet late on Monday night to discuss the floor strategy to be adopted in the Vidhan Sabha to corner the BJP government which is entering its fifth year in a second tenure and gearing up to face the assembly polls later next year.Meanwhile, government sources said that it would table the second supplementary demands for the current fiscal for consideration of the house besides coming up with four amendment bills. The amendment bills include Chhattisgarh Irrigation Management (Participation of farmers) Act 2006 and state Irrigation Act 1921, Chhattisgarh Motor Tax Amendment Bill and Land revenue code 1968.Nearly 200 call attention notices and more than 800 questions are expected to come up during the session, which will have seven sittings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17563376", "title": "Outage-hit TN units outsource work", "text": "In a desperate attempt to retain customers and protect their reputation in the market, small and mediumscale industrial units in Coimbatore are outsourcing their work to units in other states, unable continue operation due to long power cuts.They have everything, from adequate workforce to raw materials to most modern machinery, except proper power supply. These are the same industries that ensured maximum inflow of work orders into the region but are now forced to divert a major chunk of their work to units in states like Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Gujarat.\"I have got a work order from the railways but due to the outages it is very difficult to finish the order. I have no option but to depend on units in other states to deliver the order on time,\" said S Surulivel, former secretary of the Coimbatore District Small Industries Association (CODISSIA) and the owner of a unit known for manufacturing gear box components at SIDCO industrial estate in Coimbatore.For the past three months, Surulivel has been diverting his order to a unit in Bangalore to get the products ready for timely delivery. For this, he suffers an additional cost of about Rs 8 lakh per month but has no other way to ensure that he does lose out on the orders in the coming day.\"Our units are equipped to meet the bulk demands without compromising on quality but all we need is power to operate our machines. Installing generator is not a viable solution for foundry and casting units which require generation of extreme heat,\" said R Nagarajan, president, Coimbatore SIDCO Industrial Estate Manufacturer's Welfare Association. Many of the foundry owners point out that their customer base is crumbling as most of them are opting for Gujarat, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh over Tamil Nadu.\"Most of the buyers would prefer to place their orders with units in Gujarat and other states where they get a better bargain. So we are not in a position to add our extra cost to the final bill,\" said MV Loganathan, secretary, Coimbatore SIDCO Industrial Estate Manufacturer's Welfare Association. M Kanagarajan, proprietor of Suryaprakaas foundry inside SIDCO faces a similar crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17566039", "title": "Rohit Sharma keeps Mumbai in the hunt", "text": "MUMBAI: Failure in the shorter format of the game shouldn't be reason enough for a player to be constantly ignored for the longer version.Rohit Sharma proved this yet again at the Wankhede Stadium, coming up with an unbeaten 163 that allowed Mumbai to stay afloat at 364-3 chasing Punjab's 580 on Day Three of the Group 'A' Ranji Trophy league tie at the Wankhede Stadium, on Monday.Mumbai had a mountain to climb after Mandeep Singh's double century had given visitors Punjab the momentum to set up a daunting total in their first innings, batting first.With Mumbai's No. 3, Ajinkya Rahane, losing his wicket early in the day, the hosts seemed in a spot of bother but Rahane's overnight batting partner and opener Kaustubh Pawar (78) stood his ground for a half-century and along with Sharma helped Mumbai get closer to the 200-run mark.Pawar's dismissal brought wicket-keeper-batsman Hiken Shah to the crease and he joined hands with Sharma for the latter part of the day constructing the Mumbai innings.The hosts are still 216 runs short of the Punjab total but with seven wickets in hand and Sharma looking good, Mumbai's hopes of gaining the vital first innings lead on Day Four should not be difficult.Sharma's innings is also some food for thought for India's national selection committee that has steadfastly continued to ignore him in Test cricket given his continuing failure in the 50-over format.However, the batsman's 14 first-class hundreds, an average hovering around 60, and the redoubtable talent speak differently of Sharma's class in the longer format.Sharma's effort compliments Mumbai's resolve to stay alive in this game but the job is half done yet. With more than 200 runs still required before they can breathe easy, the onus will once again be on him to complete his double century on Tuesday and go further in search of the lead.The Punjab attack did not pose any great threat to the Mumbai batsmen with the exception of Sandeep Sharma and the experienced Harbhajan Singh who picked the only two wickets to fall for the day.The two bowlers also remained the stingiest of the lot and they will have to come up with something special to stop Mumbai on Day Four.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17566083", "title": "Students get a taste of India at multi-cultural programme", "text": "MYSORE: Demonstration Multipurpose School here has become a second home for students who are taking part in INDEM-2012, which began on Monday.Around 140 students studying in DMSs in Ajmer, Bhubaneshwar, Bhopal and Mysore are part of Inter-DMS-2012. From each school, 35 boy and girl students studying Class VII to X are taking part in the three-day event. INDEM-2012 is offering a platform for students coming from different linguistic, cultural, social and educational backgrounds to exchange ideas and views.On the first day, the students took part in various sports, cultural and literary competitions. Basketball, volleyball, athletics (100m, long jump, shot-putt, 4x100, and 800m events) and table tennis matches were conducted. Other competitions included speech in English, creative writing and extempore in Hindi, recitation in Sanskrit, drawing and painting.The students will also get an opportunity to witness different cultural programmes in the evenings, wherein the students present programmes unique to their region like folk dances, music, skits and plays.INDEM tries to fulfill the fundamental objective of education - that is all-round development of children, both scholastic and non-scholastic, imbibe leadership qualities, and respect and tolerance towards other cultures. Sai Surabhi, Class X student from Bhubaneshwar, said: \"I feel great to be part of INDEM, in which we can take part only once. This will be an opportunity for us to mingle with students from other regions.\"The participants will be taken on a field trip, and will be acquainted with the historical places in and around the Heritage City.At the inaugural, freedom fighter H S Doreswamy said such events help them develop leadership qualities. \"Students have to become responsible towards the country, and be service-minded,\" he added. Folk dance 'pooja kunita' marked the inaugural.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "alapuzzha", "code": "17566279", "title": "Scheme on animal disease launched in Alappuzha", "text": "ALAPUZZHA: The district administration on Monday began the execution of National Animal Disease Reporting System (NADRS).NADRS is a centrally sponsored scheme being implemented by Department of Animal Husbandry, Dairying and Fisheries (DADF) with the technical support of National Informatics Centre.The NADRS will involve a computerized network which would link each units of Department of Animal Husbandry at block, district, state and Union Territory headquarters in the country to the Central Disease Reporting and Monitoring Unit ( CDRMU) in the DADF at New Delhi.Under this project, block, district and state animal health officials can report the disease information and submit reports on the activities they implemented for the prevention of the disease through internet to their authorities concerned and they will also get alerts and advice from their top authorities when they face any emergency or outbreak of diseases in their area.District collector P Venugopal inaugurated the programme and a five-day training programme was also launched by the district informatics officer Parvathi Devi for veterinary officers from block level clinics, dispensaries and District Veterinary Office on Monday.\"The centre has fashioned this project to control animal diseases for the protection of livestock industry and progress of the livestock farmers. The NADRS portal being developed under this project will provide a platform to share information, news, research papers, views, events, schemes and programmes, videos, related links of animal diseases to help the prevention and control of animal diseases,'' district collector P Venugopal said.\"The usernames and passwords will be provided to the officials of Animal Husbandry, Dairy Development and Fisheries departments. They can submit information about the outbreak of a disease or to find out the status of the scheme in their region. They can also contact the authorities concerned in their region through this portal. The mobile numbers of the officials of these departments will be linked with the NADRS and they can send SMS to the given number in case of any emergency or outbreak,'' said Parvathy Devi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17565527", "title": "Parking adds to mess on internal roads", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as UT and MC sit over proposals to develop community parking lots in the city, the narrow internal roads of various sectors are virtually clogged after dusk with cars parked in front of houses on both the sides. With no enforcement by traffic police or the resident welfare associations, cars are parked haphazardly and evacuation in case of an emergency would be impossible.The situation is particularly bad in sectors like 18 to 27 and 45 to 47 and in most of these areas, community parkings have been proposed.In Sector 27, paver blocks have been laid by the corporation so that open space between houses could be used as parking but this has benefited only a small part of the sector. \"The safety issue comes in the way. There are no guards deployed and someone who does not live in immediate vicinity will not want to park his car in this parking,\" said R K Garg, a social activist from the area.\"With mow vehicles hitting the roads every day, the situation has gone from bad to worse. Government houses that had been designed five decades back keeping a bicycle or scooter in mind have no parking space and people have two to three cars with every member of the house driving to work,\" said Raman Wadhwa, a resident of sector 19.UT urban planning department has proposed to make pockets of these congested sectors no-parking zones to develop the habit of walking among residents of the area but there is still no plan on how to deal with parking problem in the residential colonies.\"The administration intends to make parking space a condition while approval of residential building plans for new houses. But the sad part is that no plan was chalked out while planning sectors like 45, 46 and 47, which came much later,\" said Reema Bhanot, a resident of Sector 46.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17565261", "title": "Ambassador of Switzerland visits Ajanta, Ellora", "text": "AURANGABAD: The ambassador of Switzerland Linus Von Castelmur said that the world heritage sites of Ajanta and Ellora are marvels. He and the consulate general Werner Nievergelt were on a personal two-day visit to Aurangabad along with their wives on Saturday and Sunday.They visited every cave at Ajanta and Ellora and relished Maharashtrian food comprising pithala, thecha and bajra roti. Castelmur said he would visit the city again and assured that he would promote the caves.\"The Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) assisted and coordinated the tour,\" said the senior regional manager, MTDC, Aurangabad, Shekhar Jaiswal. \"The delegates were accorded a traditional welcome,\" he said.\"The delegates enjoyed their two-day stay. They liked bajra rotis and pithala,\" said Jaiswal. Werner, who was given a bidri metal craft item as a gift, said, \"We are overwhelmed by the welcome accorded by MTDC. We had a wonderful visit to Ellora, Ajanta and Aurangabad..\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17567848", "title": "Indian woman in US sentenced to 20 years for healthcare fraud", "text": "NEW YORK: An Indian-origin woman has been sentenced to 20 years in prison and ordered to pay a penalty of over $14 million on charges of healthcare fraud.Meera Sachdeva, 50 of Mississippi was sentenced to 20 years in federal prison followed by three years of supervised release on charges that she defrauded federal insurance programme Medicare by submitting false claims for chemotherapy services, US attorney Gregory Davis said in a statement.Sachdeva, who owned and operated a cancer centre, had pleaded guilty in July this year to submitting claims for chemotherapy services that were supposedly rendered when she was out of the country.She was also ordered to pay a $250,000 fine and restitution of over $8.1 million.The forfeiture of approximately $6 million and property was also ordered.She had admitted billing for more chemotherapy drugs than she actually purchased from drug suppliers from 2007 to 2011.Her patients believed that they were receiving an amount of chemotherapy medicine that was equal to the amount being billed to their respective health care benefit programmes, but she was not providing each patient with the fully prescribed dosage of many of the billed chemotherapy drugs.\"The health care fraud perpetrated by the defendant was an abuse of public trust motivated by greed,\" Davis said.Special agent in charge of the US department of health and human services Derrick Jackson said Sachdeva violated her duty to provide appropriate care for the patients at the cancer centre.\"Our office takes quality of care concerns very seriously, and we will vigorously investigate any provider that shortchanges patients and steals from the Medicare Trust Fund\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17566093", "title": "IIM-B officer suspended", "text": "BANGALORE: The chief administrative officer (CAO) of the Indian Institute of Management , Bangalore (IIM-B ), CV Indushekar Vassist, has been suspended for alleged sexual harassment.On Monday, Aparna Datta, consultant (information services ), IIM-B , said: \"Vassist has been suspended after the gender sensitivity committee (GSC) of IIM-B inquired into the complaint against him and submitted its report. Based on the findings of the committee, a show-cause notice has been issued to the CAO. The CAO is under suspension from November 29.\"Vassist had allegedly made sexual advances to a medical officer since 2009. She complained to the GSC in November 2010 when the harassment continued despite oral complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17565811", "title": "Collector cancels two more land allotments", "text": "MUMBAI: A week after he cancelled a prime piece of land allotted to developer Jolly Brothers, Mumbai suburban collector Sanjay Deshmukh on Monday stepped up his drive against unauthorized use of government land when he revoked the allotment of land to two institutions.After an in-depth probe, Deshmukh had cancelled land worth Rs 3,000 crore that was allotted to Jolly Brothers after it was found that there was blatant violation of the lease conditions. Jolly Brothers was allotted well over 60 acres of land near Kanjurmarg railway station for industrial purpose.On Monday, Deshmukh cancelled the land allotted to Gyankendra Shikshan Sanstha and Shivshruthi Krida Kendra. In case of the Gyankendra land, admeasuring well over 4,000 sq-m in Andheri, it was found that the organization had failed to complete the construction work within two years from allotment of land in 1990. \"I heard the contention of Gyankendra and the submissions made by the tehsildar. Prima facie, it appears that there was violation of the lease conditions. Hence, the allotment of land has been cancelled and the ownership of the land stands transferred in the name of the government,'' Deshmukh said in his three-page order.By another order, Deshmukh cancelled the land allotted to Shivshruthi Krida Kendra for blatant violation of the lease conditions. While it was allotted an 810 sq-m plot in Chembur in 1983, it was found that the organization had entered into an agreement with a leading developer to develop the land. In its submission before the collector, the organization admitted that while the land has neither been sold nor given on lease, it did enter into an agreement for the development with a developer. Further, it admitted that due to weak financial position, it was unable to develop the piece of land. \"The collector found that the organization had illegally signed an agreement with a developer. As a result, third party interest was created and the purpose for which the land was allotted has not been utilized for that purpose. Under such circumstances, the collector had no option but to cancel the allotment of land,'' a senior official said.The official said, as per the directives of the state government, a survey was conducted to verify if there was violation of the lease conditions.\"We found that there has been blatant violation of lease conditions by leading builders, cooperative housing societies and educational institutions. So far, we have served showcause notices on 135 builders, developers and cooperative housing societies. After following the due process of law, we will cancel the allotment of lands,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "17564083", "title": "Suspected of theft, 3 minor girls tied to post, beaten up", "text": "SALEM: On World Human Rights Day, three minor girls were tied to an electric post and beaten up for more than three hours by public after they allegedly stole cash from a tailor's shop in Salem on Monday. Their tormentors decided to take the law into their hands before informing police.Police said the girls, all locals and aged about 16, entered a tailor's shop on Kanakkar Street near the old bus stand. J Ahamed, the shop owner, said he saw them taking Rs 1,000 from the cash box. \"Actually, there were four of them. They came to my shop at 10.30am. They told me they had given some material to be stitched. When I began searching for their material, they took the money from the drawer. I tried to catch them but in vain,\" said Ahamed.When news about the theft spread, other shop owners and residents caught the three girls and began interrogating them. A few of the bystanders, however, decided to take matters in their own hands. They tied the girls to an electric post and began thrashing them. A witness said she saw a few women beating the girls with a rubber tube.Around 2pm, residents informed Salem town police. \"We came to know about the incident from the public and we rushed to the spot immediately,\" said inspector V Ramasamy. Police found the girls still tied to the electric post. \"Even though they committed a crime, the public should not have taken matters in their own hands. They should have informed us,\" he said.By then Ahamed had lodged a complaint, based on which police registered a case and arrested the girls. They were sent to the Salem Government Hospital to ascertain their age before they are produced in court.Salem district child welfare committee chairperson A Xavier and Salem district child protection officer A Devaki lodged a complaint against those who beat up the girls. \"It is inhuman to beat up people, regardless of what they have done. We will ensure that police take firm action against the tormentors,\" said Devaki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568473", "title": "Ravi Kishan in 'Saali Badi Sataweli'", "text": "Super Star Ravi Kishan is coming with his next movie 'Saali Badi Sataweli'. Ravi Kishan and Rani Chatterjee will seen together again in this film. Hit pair of Bhojpuri cinema Ravi Kishan and Rani Chatterjee were seen this year in 'Kaisan Piywa Ke Charittar Ba' and 'Jwalamandi'. Both films garnered good reports.Ravi Kishan is donning the role of a filmstar in the movie while Rani Chatterjee is playing his sister-in-law and Rinku is playing Ravi Kishan's wife in the movie,\" informs Dilawez Khan adding, \"Post production of this film is now completed \".The film is produced by Ashiq Mohammad and Arif Hussain under the banner of Ashiq Aarif Movies. Story is written by R. Ranjan while screenplay and dialogue are penned by Sahil Sunny. Actors Firdaus Khan, Nausad Khan, Sahil Sunny, Nirupma Shree, Anoop Arora, Maya Yadav are playing pivotal roles in the movie.Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17563623", "title": "Derby goal also my best: Khabra", "text": "KOLKATA: Harmanjyot Singh Khabra's first-half strike for East Bengal in Sunday's I-League clash against Mohun Bagan at the Salt Lake Stadium was sadly overshadowed by fan fury that followed Mohun Bagan striker and captain Okolie Odafa's expulsion and the injury to Syed Rahim Nabi.With Bagan refusing to take the field in the second half, the match failed to reach a logical conclusion but Khabra remains upbeat.\"I have scored many goals but the one on Sunday against Mohun Bagan is certainly my best. It was my first goal in a Kolkata derby. What made it special is that it came in front of one lakh people who had packed the stands at the Salt Lake Stadium,\" Khabra told TOI the day after derby whose fate hangs in the balance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17565657", "title": "Residents turn heat on housing societies", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a development that is likely to set a new trend, residents of housing societies in the city have started resorting to legal measures against their apartment association office bearers for failing to provide facilities in the complexes.Recently, residents of the Alsa Springfield near Easwaramangalam approached the district collector complaining against the association office-bearers over the absence of fire extinguishers and proper cable channels, and poor maintenance of the elevators in their society.The residents, led by C S Pramod, who is also the district president of the Human Rights Protection Council, have sent a detailed letter on how pathetically the complex is maintained. \"The building lacks basic fire-fighting equipment. The office bearers have also blocked the ladder that is to be used as an emergency exit in case of fire. Television, telephone and internet cables have been left open in the area where children play and park their bicycles. The lift gets stuck every now and then,\" pointed out Pramod.He alleged that none of the 11 office-bearers, including the secretary and president, reside in the complex.Alsa Springfield is a 61-flat complex. Nearly 45 of the owners are either abroad or residing outside the complex. \"Since the majority of the owners don't reside here, two people have been taking the turn of secretary and president for a long time by proxy voting. As the by-law permits it, there is nothing to prevent the tenant from casting the proxy vote of the flat owner,\" said Pramod.Instances of residents filing complaints against association office-bearers are being reported frequently of late, said Apartment Owners Association Kerala (APOAK) president Vinod C S. It is practically impossible to take action against office-bearers, as they enjoy 'majority support' with the help of proxy votes.Nearly 60% of the flat owners in the city have rented out their property. They have also given the proxy voting power to the current office-bearers, which has made things difficult for the genuine permanent residents. \"Some complain that the monthly and annual meetings are not conducted properly. We are trying our best by advising the office-bearers to address the issues raised by their co-residents,\" said Vinod.Meanwhile, Alsa Springfield Residents Association secretary Bhaskaran P K said most of the flat owners are reluctant to spend additional money. \"We are solving these issues one-by-one. The residents raise complaints but are reluctant to spend money to solve the issues,\" he said.District collector K N Satheesh said the residents can approach the tahsildar, accommodation controller, city corporation, KSEB electrical inspector and fire and rescue services department if they face any difficulties related to these departments. \"The main reason behind poor maintenance of complexes is lack of unity among residents,\" said the collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17567932", "title": "First look of Thulasi in Mani Ratnam's Kadal", "text": "Check out the first look of Thulasi Nair in her upcoming film Kadal, directed and produced by Mani Ratnam. Thulasi, younger daughter of yesteryear actress Radha, is making her debut with this film, which is teenage love story set in the backdrop of a fishing village. Thulasi is paired opposite Gautham Karthik, son of yesteryear actor Karthik.The first look of the male lead was revealed some time back and Mani Ratnam has also unveiled the photo of the female lead Thulasi. The audio of Kadal will be out by December 17 while the film will hit the screens in January 2013. Kadal has music by A R Rahman and lyrics (Telugu) by Vanamali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17568197", "title": "Wal-Mart row: Government ready for probe, Kamal Nath says", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has said that it is ready to probe the Wal-Mart lobbying report.The government is also concerned about the disclosure and is open to an inquiry to know the truth, parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath told reporters outside Parliament on Tuesday.The BJP wants a time-bound judicial probe into the isuesEarlier, the row resonated once again in the Parliament on Tuesday leading to adjournment of both the Houses.The opposition, led by the BJP, insisted on suspension of Question Hour to discuss the lobbying issue.Within minutes, BJP members raised the issue of reported lobbying by Wal-Mart and SP members were objecting to the proposed move to provide reservations to SC/ST in promotion in government jobs.When repeated efforts failed, Ansari said a situation has arisen where \"the chair has to watch helplessly\" frequent disruption of Question Hour.He said he proposed to call meeting of the rules committee and suggest shifting the Question Hour or dispense with it all together.Ansari then adjourned the House for 30 minutes.When the Rajya Sabha reconvened, BJP leader Venkaiah Naidu insisted on immediate discussion.In the Lok Sabha , as soon as Speaker Meira Kumar took up the Question Hour, members of BSP, Left parties and Trinamool Congress trooped into the Well raising slogans demanding inquiry into reports of lobbying by Wal-Mart and status of probe in the coal block allocation.BJP members were on their feet demanding that the Speaker suspend Question Hour and ask the government to reply on the lobbying issue.BSP members were in the Well raising slogans claiming that the government was trying to brush under the carpet the alleged scam in allocation of coal block.The uproar continued even as the Speaker made repeated appeals for allowing the Question Hour to continue. Her assurances of allowing members to raise the issues during Question Hour also failed to cut any ice with the agitating members.As the din continued, the Speaker adjourned the House till noon.The BJP said that it had given a notice for the suspension of Question Hour given the seriousness of the issue. Stepping up the attack, the party has demanded an independent probe into the lobbying issue.We have decided to raise the issue with greater seriousness. It is important to know who got the money, BJP leader Ravishankar Prasad said.He said the government's response that lobbying was done in the US does not hold ground as the money was used in India.The government, meanwhile, rejected the opposition charges.Information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari slammed the BJP for stalling the Parliament.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17565369", "title": "Incomplete BRTS corridor poses danger to commuters", "text": "BHOPAL: The incomplete BRTS corridor is now posing another problem, this time a serious threat to commuters. Vehicles run at high speed in incomplete dedicated corridor, but there is little the traffic police can do about it.\"Plying through the incomplete corridor is indeed unsafe. It is not possible for the traffic police to deploy constables at every entry and exit of the corridor and prevent every commuter passing through it.\" M S Chhari, DSP (traffic) said.Bhopal traffic police claim that the company, which is constructing the corridor should take proper measures to stop the commuters from entering it.\"Since the construction company has not handed over it to the local bodies, it is the company's responsibility to ensure safety to the commuters,\" he added.The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has its own problem.\"Despite blocking the dedicated corridor, vehicles are often seen plying here. The corporation is now planning to deploy men to guard the corridor at every entry and exit of the corridor to prevent commuters from plying here,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastva told TOI.\"We have kept a lot of construction material in the corridors from Kamla Park to Polytechnic Square to prevent the commuters from driving in the corridor, but in vain,\" the commissioner said. Residents complain that broken railings and small gaps between fences are the biggest threat to the commuters. \"The railings are on both sides of the corridor at the centre of the road. Many railings are broken or bent which cannot be noticed during the night and are dangerous. This mainly happens on the Hoshangabad road, where there are no proper streetlights on roads,\" said two students Hiresh Tyagi and Deepshesh Kanauja.The 24 km BRTS corridor stretches from Misrod to Baigarh. The BMC has been unable to meet three deadlines of February 2011, December 2011 and March 2012. Now, the corporation is all set to miss the fourth deadline of December 2012.Mayor inspects BRTS corridorMayor Krishna Gaur inspected the ongoing work of the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor and asked the officials to complete the work of the corridor by December 31 this year.During the inspection, she also issued show cause notices to sub engineer Y K Shrivastava and architect Huzoor citing irresponsibility. Gaur also asked the construction companies to speed up the work and complete the work in due time.\"It is important to complete the work on time so that by January 2013, we can commence the BRTS corridor,\" mayor Krishna Gaur said. \"I have also asked the officials to install electric poles. Streetlights, zebra crossing, curve painting, road marking \" she added. However, BMC commissioner said, \"We are holding a meeting next week in which it will be decided whether the corridor will be operational by January 2013.If it is decided that the corridor should be complete with the bus stops, intelligent transport system and the GPS system, then the corridor will be operational by March next year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17563957", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcI didn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t plan to stab her 42 times\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The mastermind behind robbery and murder of 50-year-old Madhu Agarwal, a resident of Dhananjay Bungalows, had an axe to grind against her. Rakesh Saha alias Rohit, 21 had plotted to rob the Agarwals after being thrown out of job by the victim. Rohit used to work as a cook at the house.Rohit claimed that the robbery was pre-meditated, not the murder. \"The accused who have been arrested claimed that Agarwal had fought back fiercely and had also recognized Rohit who had attacked her from behind,\" said a police official.Agarwal was found dead on November 26 at her residence. She was stabbed 42 times. Investigators had named Manali, a domestic help, and Rohit as prime suspects.Rohit, 21; Mohit Saha alias Pappu, 24; and Sunil Mahato alias Bhagelu, 25 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all natives of Motihari district in Bihar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were arrested near the Indo-Nepal border and were brought to the city on Sunday.Inspector of Anandnagar police station, J H Jalu, said that Mohit had introduced Rohit to the Agarwal family earlier this year. Rohit joined as a cook and soon fell in love with the house maid Manali.\"When Agarwal came to know of the affair and about Rohit's drinking habits, she sacked him. Rohit returned after two months and tried to assure her that he would behave. However, Agarwal refused to re-employ him. It was after this that Rohit planned to rob the house and sought help of Mohit who introduced him to Sunil. The duo had made an failed attempt to rob the house once before Diwali. On November 26, Rohit and Sunil struck again on Manali's signal,\" said Jalu.Manali let in Sunil from the front door whereas Rohit used the backdoor. He had tied a dupatta around his face. Sunil attacked Madhu but she retaliated strongly and even managed to overpower him. Then Rohit assaulted her from behind with knife and injured her. Agarwal collapsed on Rohit who stabbed her several times on her neck in frenzy. When Agarwal stopped resisting, the three dragged her into the bedroom and took keys to a safe from her.\"They stole gold and diamond jewellery worth Rs 3 lakh from the house and also wiped blood splattered on the passage floor. The trio left by a train to Uttar Pradesh and got down at Agra to sell a part of the jewellery and got Rs 45,000. They then continued on their journey northwards, leaving Manali at Jharkhand,\" said Jalu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17565242", "title": "Alumni summit at govt engineering college", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Alumni Association of Government Engineering College, Aurangabad (GECA-AA) has decided to bring together alumni members who have started their own businesses. The association aims to assemble them and develop a strong Business to Business (B2B) network for entry-level entrepreneurs.The association has planned to organise the first GECA Entrepreneurship Summit at Government Engineering College to motivate the students, working professionals who aspire to become entrepreneurs by starting their own business for self-employment. The summit will be held on January 5 and 6 on the college premises.\"Succesful industrialists and experts will attend the event to guide and mentor aspiring entrepreneurs on management subjects such as Future Business Opportunities for Small Scale Enterprises (SMEs), Professional Management of Business Functions, Business Innovations, NexGen Business Ideas and Funding Business Ideas, through sessions,\" said Prashant Deshpande, programme convener while addressing the press here on Monday.Nitin Bhasme, secretary of the alumni association, said, \"The programme will be held on two platforms. The industry track will have seminars and panel discussions on important business related subjects for SMEs. While the students track will involve interactions between entrepreneurs and students on various topics where students will get opportunity to present their business ideas with the industry professionals seek the required help.\"Deshpande said that the programme will help successful entrepreneurs share their experiences as they have taken risks to setup their own businesses and helped facilitate employment.\"The summit will serve as an excellent platform for sharing experiences and success stories, \"he said.A panel of 20 entrepreneurs will be appointed to guide the students. The summit will be open for all industrialists and students. Deshpande said, \"Sessions on options to assist individuals through sponsorships, angel investor funds and incubation centre will be made available.\"Bhasme, who is also training and placement officer at the college said, \"There are about 20, 00 alumni of the college out of which data of around 7,000 alumni is available with the institution and more than 3, 000 have already been registered as members in alumni association.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17563948", "title": "Friends help acid attack victim deal with depression", "text": "CHENNAI: Traumatised by an acid attack that left her blind and disfigured, J Vinodhini, 23, now depends on her friends for comfort.Doctors said the software engineer, who has been shifted to Aditya Hospital in Kilpauk from Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital (KMCH), is in a state of depression . When she was in KMCH, she constantly recalled the senseless attack by a man who professed his love for her, then threatened and stalked her before he threw acid in her face on November 14.\"Her friends from college and her neighbourhood meet her at the hospital and give her hope,\" Vinodhini's uncle Ramesh said. \"Our appeal for funds for treatment has received good response and people have generously deposited nearly 1 lakh.Though the treatment was excellent in KMCH, Vinodhini was depressed because she was next to others with burn injuries, Ramesh said. \"Now that she is in a separate room, her friends can meet and chat with her. She is much better now,\" said a family friend, K Krishnasamy.Vinodhini's father V Jayabalan, a security guard at a private school in Karaikudi, requested public to help him raise funds for her treatment. Jayabalan opened an account with Indian Bank in Kilpauk. People can deposit donations in the savings bank account (no. 603899) in the name of V Jayabalan.A police officer said Vinodhini's assailant, Suresh, a construction worker, was obsessed with her. During interrogation, Suresh told police that he had decided to take revenge on Vinodhini because her family had lodged a police complaint against him.Karaikal police arrested Suresh, 29, and charged him with attempted murder .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17563314", "title": "Malaria still the bigger of the two killers in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The city has been in the throes of dengue for the last two months but it is still malaria that is the bigger killer of the two diseases.BMC figures show that cases of malaria are steadily declining in Mumbai and, in contrast, H1N1 and dengue cases are rising disturbingly. But even so, the incidence of malaria and the deaths caused by it are much higher than the toll of H1N1 and dengue combined.From January to November this year, malaria killed 41 people, which was more than eight times the fatalities claimed by dengue (5) and H1N1 (5). The tally of dengue cases in 2011 was 416; this year, it jumped by nearly 125% to 935. Likewise, the incidence of H1N1 was just six in 2011; this year, it is 358.BMC officials maintained that most diseases are better contained now than in the past two years. Additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar said malaria cases have dipped by nearly half from 2011. This year, 15,271 people were affected by malaria as against 34,104 in 2011 and 61,321 in 2010. \"Over two years, we have managed to bring down cases by 75%. Even deaths from the disease have reduced,\" she added.City physicians agreed that malaria cases have been on the decline. An intensivist with a leading private hospital said, \"We have admitted several malaria cases this year, but I don't remember a single patient suffering from multi-organ failure and developing other complications. Malaria is there but it is not as bad as the last two years.\"The doctor cautioned that, the successes against malaria notwithstanding, the civic authorities must wake up to the threat of dengue.Dr Shrikant Shimpi, a specialist in internal medicine who consults with Lilavati Hospital, said dengue cases are more common this year. \"It needs to be discovered what led to the increased incidence, though rampant construction definitely had a role to play,\" he said.City virologists expressed relief that at least H1N1 viral infection has stopped circulating. No fresh H1N1 cases have been reported in Mumbai since November after the virus made a comeback in July and peaked in August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17564085", "title": "Four students on footboard die as lorry backs into bus", "text": "CHENNAI: Four students travelling on the footboard of an overcrowded Metropolitan Transport Corporation bus died and three others were injured when a brick-laden lorry hit the bus at Kandanchavadi near Perungudi, on Old Mahabalipuram Road(OMR), on Monday morning.The lorry was moving backwards when it smashed into the bus, crushing the students hanging out of the vehicle's rear door, in the worst accident of its kind in the city. At least one person dies every 10 days in Chennai while travelling on the footboard of a bus or attempting to board or alight from a moving vehicle.Police said the victims - two schools students, one college student and a polytechnic student - were all standing on the steps of the MTC bus (route no 519), which was going from Tiruporur to T Nagar when the accident occurred at 7.45 am.The lorry driver attempted to turn left into a narrow lane but the vehicle started sliding back after failing to clear a cement-tiled pavement that separated the lane from the main road. The bus driver tried to go past the lorry when he saw it backing up but could not make it in time.Police said Sekar, 18, a BCom first year student of Nandanam Arts College, Balamurugan, 14, a Class 10 student, Vijayan, 16, a Plus-2 student, and Manoj Kumar, a second-year diploma student at Central Polytechnic College in Taramani, died in the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17565614", "title": "Who\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s the real sultan?", "text": "Chief minister Narendra Modi did not take kindly to Congress leader Ahmed Patel calling him a 'sultan' . Patel even said Modi was ruling Gujarat like an autocrat . Modi hit back by saying only dynasties produce sultans. In that case, why is the chief minister being welcomed on stage during his public rallies like a sultan? In most of the public meetings in south Gujarat the opening montage announcing his arrival on stage had the signature tune of the famous Doordarshan serial 'The Sword of Tipu Sultan' !A for A K JotiPolicemen on security duty at important public functions are getting a crash course on the who's who of babudom. This includes showing them photographs of top bureaucrats to avoid embarrassments. Only recently Gujarat chief secretary A K Joti was stopped from entering a function in Gandhinagar as the policeman on guard did not recognize him. When he was told Joti was chief secretary, the busy policeman reportedly said, \"Many secretaries of housing societies come here. Please step aside.\" The cop beat a retreat only after his senior intervened.Cracker fired, dud releasedBJP workers bursting crackers during an election rally in Gomtipur led to some tension in the area recently. Apparently, papers that came out of the crackers had Urdu writing on them and floated on to shops owned by Muslims. This led to speculation that the papers insulted the minority community . A maulvi was called in who quickly confirmed there were no abuses. These were simply sheets from an Urdu primary school textbook, the maulvi said and defused the tension.Gossip time in capitalWith majority of the officials on poll duty, the Sachivalya in Gandhinagar wears a deserted look these days. Even those who have not been given election-related work are hardly available in their offices. That gives ample opportunity to the lower level staff to indulge in political gossip. One can easily come across small groups of employees speculating who will get how many seats in the ensuing polls.Not so powerfulDelhi chief minister Sheila Dixit left her own party workers a little red-face recently while campaigning for the Congress in the state. \"Power and water are two major issues which the Modi government has failed to address. When a person in Gujarat sits down for dinner, there is no power,\" she said. \"I wish she had not touched on power,\" said one Congressman. \"You install a generator as soon as you buy a house in Delhi. No so in Gujarat,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai/hyderabad", "code": "17566230", "title": "Bombay HC sees 'conflict of interest' in Gopi's dual role", "text": "MUMBAI/HYDERABAD: The Bombay High Court said on Monday that there is a possibility of conflict of interest, as it directed the Badminton Association of India (BAI) to reply to allegations that chief national coach Pullela Gopichand was running a private academy as well as heading the national selection panel.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Anoop Mohta heard a petition filed by badminton player Prajakta Sawant who had moved court last month to be included in the ongoing national coaching camp in Hyderabad for selection in the Indian team. Sawant said she was kept out after she sought a change of her doubles and mixed doubles partners.The judges noted that in view of the averments made by Prajakta and supported by other players, including Jwala Gutta, \"it appears that there is a possibility of conflict of interest in Respondent 1 (Gopichand) running his own private academy and as head of the selection panel.\"The judges also took note of statement by Gutta on how it was ethically wrong for Gopichand to hold dual posts. \"Those who attended his private camp may be selected. He may be a good coach but it affects fairness of selection,\" said Justice Shah.They directed BAI to take steps to see that Sawant is allowed to attend future training camps.'BAI running the camp, not Gopi'When TOI contacted BAI president Akhilesh Das Gupta, he said the association will study the order and submit an affidavit on December 19. Gupta said the association has found nothing wrong with Gopichand and would support him.\"As far as I know there were questions about why the coach is running a camp in his private academy. I want to clear the air on this issue. It is not Gopi who is running the camp. BAI and the Sports Authority of India asked him to conduct the camp there. We don't have good academies run by the government in the country, so we opted for the best academy which is the Gopichand's academy,\" Gupta said, adding that other good academies, in Lucknow and Bangalore, are also private academies.\"The Lucknow academy belongs to the Uttar Pradesh Badminton Association. As a president of that association I can say that Gopichand's academy is better than ours. We want our shuttlers to get the best of training and that is why we opted for the coach's academy,\" he added.Gupta, an MP from UP, said all efforts by BAI to utilize the Siri Fort Indoor Stadium in Delhi proved futile.\"We have an international standard stadium at the Siri Fort. We have made many efforts to utilize that stadium which is owned by the Delhi Development Authority. But the rates are very high. Badminton is not a rich sport and we can't afford that sum. The amount SAI pays to Gopi's academy is much less,\" he said.Gupta also refuted allegations of bias shown by Gopi while selecting the national teams.\"There can be no question of bias as I am the chairman of the selection committee and there are nine other members along with the coach. How can he alone influence the decisions. We stand by Gopichand,\" Gupta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17564025", "title": "Islamist terrorism may end by 2030; hello economic and financial terrorism", "text": "WASHINGTON: A landmark US intelligence report released on Monday says the \"current Islamist phase of terrorism\" might end by 2030, but violent terrorism itself is unlikely to die completely and might evolve into bloodless forms of economic and financial terrorism.Many states might continue to use terrorist group out of a strong sense of insecurity, although the costs to a regime of directly supporting terrorists looks set to become even greater as international cooperation increase, according to the report Global Trends 2030.But with more widespread access to lethal and disruptive technologies, individuals who are experts in such niche areas as cyber systems might sell their services to the highest bidder, including terrorists who would focus less on causing mass casualties and more on creating widespread economic and financial disruptions, it warned.The report has a dismal prognosis for Pakistan, widely considered the epicenter of terrorism, ranking the country 12th among 15 countries that have a high risk of failure in a list that is topped by Somalia and includes Afghanistan, Nigeria, and Ethiopia. Bangladesh, which was ranked 11th in the last such report issued in 2008, is now considered stable and has been moved out of the list.Although the report said South Asia would continue to face internal and external shocks during the next 15-20 years, including tensions between India and Pakistan over resources, it saw New Delhi's \"power advantage\" relative to Islamabad growing rapidly. India's economy is already nearly eight times as large as Pakistan's; by 2030 that ratio could easily be more than 16-to-1, it said.In fact, to the likely dismay of Indian planners who factor in Pakistan's economic growth and stability for peace-making prospects, the country does not even find mention as a second level economy such as Colombia, Egypt, Indonesia, Iran, South Africa, Mexico, Turkey, that the report countsin a list of middle tier that will also rise by 2030.\"Low growth, rising food prices, and energy shortages will pose stiff challenges to governance in Pakistan and Afghanistan. Afghanistan's and Pakistan's youth bulges are large -- similar in size to those found in many African countries. When these youth bulges are combined with a slow-growing economy, they portend increased instability,\" the report warns.India, the report says, is in a better position, benefiting from higher growth, but it will still be challenged to find jobs for its large youth population. Inequality, lack of infrastructure, and education deficiencies are key weaknesses in India.\"The neighborhood has always had a profound influence on internal developments, increasing the sense of insecurity and bolstering military outlays. Conflict could erupt and spread under numerous scenarios,\" the report warns, adding that conflicting strategic goals, widespread distrust, and hedging strategies by all the parties will make it difficult for them to develop a strong regional security framework.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17564777", "title": "'Scrap library deal with shipping co'", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Loksatta Party (LSP) has demanded that the BOT (Build-Operate-Transfer) agreement between Visakhapatnam District Library and Pratyusha Shipping Company be cancelled immediately.Addressing a press meet here on Monday, LSP leaders said that the library, which had one acre of land with a market value of Rs 50 crore, would lose out in the deal that would only benefit Pratyusha Shipping.The party alleged that by giving away land worth Rs 50 crore, the library will get a measly sum of Rs 4 crore while Pratyusha will earn around Rs 99 crore in 33 years. Pratyusha Shipping Company has been awarded the project to construct 1.6 lakh square feet of commercial space on a BOT basis for 33 years.The company will provide the library in 27,000 sq feet and Rs one lakh per year as lease amount though the commercial space has a potential to earn at least Rs 25 lakh per month, LSP alleged. The deal will provide revenue of Rs 2.7 crore per annum to Pratyusha, they alleged.LSP state vice-president Bheesetty Babji, N Venugopal Vizag vice-president, committee members D Joy, R Kami Nayudu, Sambasiva Rao and M S N Murthy were also present at the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17564141", "title": "Gang of auto-lifters busted, two arrested", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Kotwali police, on Monday, claimed to have busted an inter-district gang of auto-lifters and arrested two of its members who have been selling stolen bikes on outskirts and neighbouring state on nominal rates. The police have also recovered four stolen bikes from their possession.The arrested were identified as Ankit alias Shekhar Kesarwani and Shivendra alias Tinkoo Patel, residents of Shankargarh.Sub-inspector and in-charge of Bahadurganj outpost, Narendra Singh told TOI that both the arrested auto-lifters are graduates and they used to come to city from Shankargarh to lift two-wheelers.Singh further added that Ankit was expert in breaking the locks of bikes while Shivendra alias Tinkoo searches for customer to dispose off stolen vehicles.The duo revealed that they had sold out more than seven bikes on outskirts and neighjbouring Reewa district.The duo used to sell stolen bikes between Rs 3,200 and Rs 4,000. Police said that the duo started lifting of two wheeler in an organised manner after they had somehow mistakenly taken a bike. Once they noticed that they could be able to open the lock of any bike, they then started lifting bikes from market areas and later sell it on nominal rates on city outskirts dodging the police. A police team was further dispatched to recover three more bikes which were hidden in Shankargarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17565582", "title": "SC to look into hiring in army based on caste, religion", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday agreed to hear a plea asking it to order the abolishing of the Army's recruitment criteria for its duty soldiers, allegedly based on caste, region and religion. A bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra asked the petitioner, a doctor from Rewari in Haryana, to supply the copy of the petition to the solicitor general who will assist the court.The petitioner, I S Yadav, submitted in his plea that unlike the Air Force and the Navy, there is \"discriminatory classification\" for recruitment on the basis of caste, religion and region and submitted that a national policy of recruitment be formualtedefor the Army.\"At recruitment stage there cannot be caste-cum-religion-cum-region based classification. There cannot be specific recruitment on the basis of caste, region and religion to various regiments like the Maratha Regiment, the Rajasthan Rifles, the Dogra Regiment, the Jat Regiment, etc. This classification of the Army is a British legacy and is not sanctioned by any law made by Parliament,\" the petitioner said.\"In the Air Force and in the Navy there is no such discriminatory classification of squadrons/fleets based on caste/religion/region and hence recruitment in the Air Force and the Navy is on an all-India, all-class basis. Yet in the Army alone there are caste/religion/region based regiments,\" the petitioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17565611", "title": "Human Rights Day observed in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: It was women's day out. Hundreds of them from different walks of life stood up and raised their voice against the injustice meted out to them both at home and society to mark the Human Rights Day at Shaheed Smarak here on Monday.A part of observing the day, women and child development minister Bina Kak, social activist Aruna Roy, feminist Kamala Bhasin, and chairperson of the state women commission Lad Kumari Jain kicked-off the campaign 'one billion rising campaign' aiming to fight against all kinds of violence against women.Other women struggling for justice like Bhanwari Devi from Bhateri, Bhanwari Bai from Ajmer and students took part in the campaign launched by People Union for Civil Libeties in association with Action Aid, an NGO working for alleviating poverty.On the 'one billion rising campaign', Kamala Bhasin said the data released by the United Nations revealed that every one out of three women is beaten up or raped or both around the globe.\"On February 14, 2013, more than one billion women, men and children will rise to deliver the message of love and affection which will help us to move towards a violence free society for women. We believe that in Rajasthan, lakhs of women and men will stand up for this cause,\" she said.On the occasion, Bina Kak said efforts are on to curb violence against women. She also flew a kite with the message written \"Mahila Himsa - Kabhi Nahi, Kahi Nahi!\" - to extend her support for the cause.Citing statistics from the National Crime Record Bureau, social worker Aruna Roy said violence against women is increasing day by day. \"The most dangerous policy is the policy of development which is taking the nation to destruction rather than development which in turn would further escalate violence against women,\" Roy said.She called upon all the women to make a vow that they will work to ensure that girl children survive and there would be strong protests against the social system that does not allow a girl to be born.Among the speakers, Bhanwari Devi gave an impressive speech in Marwari drawing a thunderous applause. During the programme, a slogan by Shabhnam Aziz of Action Aid 'Mhari Udaan Mharo Aasmaan' (My Flight, My Sky) kept the enthuaism level of the women high.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17564931", "title": "Activists demand special courts for human rights cases at district level", "text": "PUNE: On the occasion of Human Rights Day observed on Monday, rights activists demanded that the state government set up special courts dedicated to human rights cases in all districts. They said that it was high time the government took the Human Rights Act, 1993, seriously which makes it mandatory for each state to have special courts in each district to try human rights cases. Activists said having a special court will not only give such victims access to justice, but will also make them aware of such a provision.Section 30 (human rights court) of the Protection of Human Rights Act, 1993 makes it mandatory for the government to setup special courts at the district level (in consultation with the chief justice of the high court) to provide speedy justice to the victims of human rights violations. West Bengal was the first state in India to set up human rights courts in all its 19 districts on September 8, 2011. The National Human Rights Commission has recommended to state governments time and again to constitute such courts but no steps have been taken.Asim Sarode, a city-based human rights analyst who has been pursuing the issue for a long time, said the government's failure in setting up human rights courts and appointing special public prosecutors has been hampering trial of offences related to human rights violations. \"If it is a right of every deprived person to get justice at the local level and at a low cost, why is it presumed that human rights violations can be addressed only by the high court or Supreme Court,\" he said.Human rights activists under the aegis of Sahyog trust have been writing to principal district and sessions judges at the district level. Socio-legal activist advocates from Pune, Kolhapur, Sangli, Jalgaon, Nasik, Akola, Yavatmal, Amravati, Nagpur and Raigad have also submitted applications to the registrar of the concerned sessions courts pressing for human right courts.Nagpur-based lawyer and activist Smita Singalkar, who has also approached a principal high court judge in the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court and district and sessions judge of Nagpur said, \"With the formation of human rights courts in districts, people will get a forum to get their complaints heard and tried. The special court, unlike human rights commission, will give punishments to the guilty.\"Advocate Vikas Shinde who is pursuing the matter in Pune said, \"I was told that since the district and sessions court has not been approached with cases related to human rights violations, there are no such pending cases and hence there is no requirement to establish a human rights court.\"Sahyog trust secretary Rama Sarode said, \"While some district judges have agreed to appoint a court with the authority to work as a human rights court, it has not been implemented till date because they have not set norms as to which cases should be referred to them. With no substantial response from the district judges, Sahyog trust has also filed a public interest litigation in the Bombay high court asking it to direct all the district courts in Maharashtra to establish such special courts to deal with cases of human rights violations\".Vijay Achliya, principal secretary of the state law and judiciary department on Monday told TOI that all special courts at the district levels were vested with powers to deal with human rights cases. \"Apart from notifying courts, we have also notified special public prosecutors. It is wrong to say that no human rights courts exist in Maharashtra,\" he added.A Bombay high court official requesting anonymity said that the HC has implemented the government notification of 2001 for constituting such courts, but Sarode claimed that there are no such courts in the state. \"If they exist, the high court should issue a notification giving names of judges and places where such courts are located and create awareness among the general public. \"Why are litigants filing PILs on violation of human rights issues in the high court if such courts exist,\" he asked.Special courts would ensure speedy justiceSahyog Trust, a non governmental organisation has been trying since 2007 to get section 30 (human rights court) of the Protection of Human Rights Act implemented by taking up the issue with the state government, Bombay High Court.Sarode told TOI that some of district judges had agreed to appoint a special court for human rights cases, but it has not been implemented because they do not have set norms as to which cases should be referred to the court, what procedures the court should adopt and what the time limit for deciding such cases should be.Sarode said, \"The response from the judiciary is not good as there is no implementation of the legal mandate as well as the circular issued by the government in 2001. We have filed a PIL in the Bombay high court asking them to set up special human rights courts in Maharashtra. We have also requested the HC to issue directions on the functioning and procedure to be followed by these courts.\"\"We had earlier sent letter petitions to the Supreme Court, but there was no response. If such a special court to deal with human right violations cases is constituted the victims of grave human rights violations will get speedy justice,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17564027", "title": "Two years after dad, son dies the same way", "text": "Two years ago, Arputham lost her husband to a tragic road accident. He was on the footboard of a bus which brushed against another vehicle, crushing him to death. On Wednesday, tragedy revisited Arputham with a sense of repetition, as her 17-year-old son travelling on the footboard of an MTC bus was killed by a reversing lorry on OMR.Vijayan, a bright Class 12 student of Santhome Higher Secondary School was among the four students killed in the accident. Waiting for her son's body at the Government Royapettah Hospital, Arputham kept looking at the sky, her face drenched in tears as if to find where lay the cause of the twin tragedies.Equally dazed was Jayanti, an aunt of Balamurugan, a senior secondary student who died in the accident. While most of the people stood in the shadows to escape the afternoon sun, she stood in the hot sun, numbed by the news of her nephew's death. Balamurugan's Kalai Selvi sister stood by her, sobbing. \"My brother had an exam today ...\" she said, her voice trailing off. Her mother sat on the floor, shocked and refusing to believe her son was dead. Every time the ambulance brought one of the corpses into the mortuary, she would try to run after it.Vijayan's uncle Periasamy said it was the bus driver who was responsible for the accident. But that was little comfort for the mourning relatives. Gopi, Vijayan's cousin rued that because of the absence of proper MTC buses, schoolchildren had to commute in overcrowded buses. On his palm was the number of the bus he had jotted down: TN 01 N 8250. \"The commuters were shouting at the driver to slow down as they saw the lorry near, but he did not hear them,\" he said.Vijayan's friend Aravind said Vijayan was a good student who scored 89% marks last year. \"This morning he was due to appear for his model practical exam,\" he said. The death of Manoj Kumar , their second son has completely shattered Chithra and her husband Raj Kumar. She kept touching the bicycle at her house in Sempon Nagar, left behind by her son Manoj. The cycle bore his signature all over.\"He was fond of decorating the cycle,\" the mother sobbed. \"He used to go on his bicycle till Kandanchavady and take a bus to the Central Polytechnic College where he was doing EEE. Since his vehicle was punctured, he took mine today,\" said his brother Sibi. Raj Kumar was in a state of shock and barely uttered a word.Though young, Manoj Kumar's brother Sibi and his elder brother Ranjith remained strong. We call him Mano. \"He was very dear to me, not because he was my brother, but because he was sweet and simple,\" said the youngest one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "jabalpur/bhopal", "code": "17565316", "title": "5 poachers arrested, says forest official", "text": "JABALPUR/BHOPAL: In November a tigress was electrocuted to death in Barhi forest area of Katni district after it came in contact with the electric trap connected to an 11-KV high tension line in Kitholi range, located 2 km away from the Bandhavgarh National Park. So similarity in the modus operendi , experts say, portends a grim trend.Interestingly, following the casual approach of the minister, forest officials also seem to be interested more in a cover up exercise. The conservator of forest R P S Baghel claimed that the trap was not meant for the tiger but for deers or wild boar, therefore the death could be accidental. Five poachers from the surrounding area have been arrested within 48 hours after the incident was reported from Amlihea village in Gungudi range on Sunday evening around 8.30 pm, he said and added that the tiger hide, buried in the jungle, has also been recovered from them.\"Those arrested were identified as Ram Singh, Ram Milan, Rajan, Raju and Sukh Sen - all residents of Dhorai village, 60 km from the district headquarters. Weapons including knives, axe, and GI wire were also recovered from the accused. The poachers used a wire from 440 KV service line attaching it to a wooden pole about 300 meters inside the forest, he said. Activist Ajay Dubey squarely blamed Sartaj Singh for his inability to fix accountability for growing unnatural deaths of tigers in MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17564752", "title": "UP to take green path at Saifai Mahotsav", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP Forest Corporation (UPFC) will start its eco-tourism initiative from Saifai Mahotsav. The corporation will set up a stall at the Mahotsav venue to publicise its initiative. It will begin the initiative by taking tourists to Sarsainawar Sarus sanctuary in Etawah. Sarsainawar is situated about 20 km from Saifai and has abundant Sarus population.\"We might charge people only for the price of diesel used in the trip, or might also take tourists free of cost for a trip,\" said UPFC managing director Umendra Sharma. The trip would help in publicizing the initiative. To promote eco-tourism, the corporation will identify eco-tourism sites in the state, compile all information on eco-tourism sites and upload them on the website for people to avail eco-tourism packages.At present eco-tourism in UP is confined to Dudhwa national park and some random locations around it, and is yet to get the needed push. On the chief minister's instructions to promote eco-tourism in the state, UP Forest Corporation has started efforts in the direction. UPFC has identified many locations in and around the forest and protected areas for prospective eco-tourism sites. These include Katarniaghat on Gerua river in Bahraich, Chuka ghat in Pilibhit on Sharda dam, Chambal ravines in Agra, Nawabganj bird sanctuary in Unnao, Chandraprabha Rajdari waterfalls and Deodari waterfalls in Varanasi, Sarsainawar Sarus sanctuary in Etawah, Sandi bird sanctuary in Hardoi, Noida bird sanctuary and Kalpi river cruise in Yamuna in Jalaun are the eco-tourism spots identified for promotion.UPFC might start offering eco-tourism tour packages by December end or early January. \"We are preparing a database of all the eco-tourism sites and accommodation available, along with other information which could be useful for tourists,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17565905", "title": "Concern over violation of human rights", "text": "KANPUR: Processions, meetings and community gatherings marked International Human Rights Day on Monday. Members of several social welfare organizations took out a rally and march from various areas. The social activists also expressed anguish over violation of human rights in various governmental and non-governmental organisations.The authorities of Chandra Shekhar Azad Agriculture and Technology University had organized a symposium on Human Rights Day, which was inaugurated by HK Sema, president, UP Human Rights Commission. Justice Vishnu Sahay, additional police director of human rights, UP, VK Gupta and others attended the seminar. The event was also attended by women activist Subhasini Ali and divisional commissioner Shalini Prasad.Members of a social welfare club have also pledged to not to give and take bribe at Gandhi Pratima, Phoolbagh. These people also urged the people to avoid giving and taking bribe.The authorities of Mahila Mahavidyalaya, Kidwai Nagar have organized an awareness session for the students. It was organized by the education department. Shivendra Pandey, lawyer, district legal service authority, addressed the students. stated the deteriorating condition of social and political values in the country. Several students also spoke on the occasion. A card camp was organized at Juhi by the members of Human Rights Association.Meanwhile, members of National Center for labour (NCL) observed the day as unorganized workers demand day and sent a memorandum to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.The NCL members demanded implementation of Unorganized Workers Security Act-2008, proper implementation of Building and Other Construction Workers (Regulations of Employment and Conditions of Service) Act-1996 and constitution of workers welfare board in all the states of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17566273", "title": "Kerala to amend building rules to push vertical growth", "text": "KOCHI: To encourage vertical growth in the state's housing sector, the state government is all set to bring in drastic changes in the Kerala Building Rules. Real estate firms have been lobbying for a policy favouring the industry, since amendments were made to the Kerala Building Rules in 2009.The proposals of the six-member ministerial-level committee, constituted by the state, will come up for discussions at the cabinet meeting on Wednesday. Highly placed sources said the cabinet was likely to give a thumps up to the proposal and it would be sent to the subject committee after receiving cabinet approval.Sources said that one of the proposals is for more parking space in high-rise buildings. The floor area ratio (FAR) fee will also go up considerably, if the proposals come into effect. A source close to the development said that it would be a major development in the construction scenario of the state.\"Due to the deficiency in the availability of land, vertical growth is the most suitable for the state. Since the amendments were made in 2009, and the provisions of the Kerala Municipal Building Rules were made applicable for buildings coming up in panchayats, filling of lands and razing of hills have increased in rural areas. The proposal will look into this issue also,\" said one of the ministers in the committee who declined to be identified.The minister saoid that the committee was hopeful that the cabinet would approve the proposals. \"The government is aware of the advantages of vertical buildings. For instance, expenditure on infrastructure to provide facilities such as electricity can be reduced considerably. Also, managing issues, such as waste management, is not difficult in apartments as most of them have their own waste treatment facilities,\" said the source.The committee is headed by urban affairs minister Manjalamkuzhi Ali. The other members are minister for panchayat M K Muneer, labour minister Shibu Baby John, public works department minister V K Ebrahimkunju, forest minister K B Ganesh Kumar and minister for sports and excise K Babur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17566264", "title": "Medical ethics course a hit among doctors", "text": "KOCHI: With issues of medical ethics and medico-legal cases registering a rise, medical professionals are eager to have a legal understanding of these subjects so that it can assist them in their profession. No wonder then that the National University of Advanced Legal Studies' (NUALS) course on medical ethics is a huge hit amongst doctors.More than 50% of those who enroll for the one-year postgraduate diploma course are doctors, followed by administrative staff in hospitals, nurses and those working in the pharma sector.\"Though anyone with a bachelor's degree can apply for the course, for the last two years since we started the course, we found that it is mostly doctors who are interested in it. Doctors have to now increasingly deal with medico-legal issues and we help them tackle these issues better through the course,\" said NUALS vice-chancellor Dr N K Jayakumar.The course aims at enhancing the healthcare professionals' ability to think about the moral and legal issues that they face in the course of their work besides providing up-to-date legal guidance and training to assist them in their practice.The university is now in the process of signing a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Kerala University of Health Sciences (KUHS), wherein they plan to introduce a compulsory short-term training programmes for doctors on the medical ethics and law.Besides, there is a proposal to start an inter-university centre for health, law and policy, to promote research in areas of medico-legal importance such as organ transplantation, legal status of recipients and donors, post-mortem policies, procedures and practices.Also, the MoU would enable the universities in jointly designing, developing and conducting research programmes in the thrust areas of medico-legal concern, training programmes, seminars, short term and long term courses for medical professionals and legal professionals.They intend to jointly introduce courses like master of medical law and bioethics, master of public health care services administration, diploma in forensic medical sciences and law and diploma in public health law. There is a plan to introduce a certificate course in pharmaceutical patent law, law and medicine, assisted reproductive technology, besides online distance learning course on law and medical ethics, legal nurse consultant training course and emergency medicine and law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "17565517", "title": "Despite NCW rap, Bhiwani college remains adamant", "text": "BHIWANI: Adarsh Mahila College in Bhiwani ruled out any change to its dress code even as the national commission for Women (NCW) lashed out at it on Monday for penalizing girls for wearing jeans.Calling the decision uncalled for and bizarre, NCW chairperson Mamta Sharma said, \"The government must take action against such institutes.\" The college authorities on Friday had slapped an Rs 100 fine on four students for coming to college in jeans and T-shirts.However, college principal Alka Sharma said that the dress code would remain in force and they were not considering changing it. \"Why should we change the dress code? There is no such demand from the students,\" she stated adding that they allowed wearing jeans with a long kurta but not t-shirts.When asked whether there have been any instructions from the Haryana higher education department or the university grant commission on a dress code in the colleges, she replied, \"We receive no instructions from these authorities. Nor am I aware about any dress code in any other colleges or varsities,\" she stated.\"The college has been carrying forward the tradition and principles set up by its founders and has made a mark in imparting education to the women\", she said.The girl students and the faculty of the college maintained that there had been opposition to the dress code but the authorities remained unmoved. However, students of the college refused to come on record against it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17566250", "title": "Public Accounts Committee on a 2-day visit to Tadoba", "text": "NAGPUR: The Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of Maharashtra legislature will be on a two-day visit to Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) on December 14 and 15.The committee, headed by Pune MLA Girish Bapat, will consist of 25 MLAs and two officials. The basic function of the committee is to do an audit of income and expenditure.The committee chairman has a minister of state status. Sources said this will be perhaps the maiden visit of the PAC to Tadoba. Conservationists asked whether the committee really has something to do with an audit inside the park or is it on sightseeing tour.During the recent years, regular sightings of tigers in the TATR have attracted many visitors including several VIPs to the park in Chandrapur district. As per the latest tiger estimation, TATR and its buffer have 65 recorded tigers.When contacted, Virendra Tiwari, field director and chief conservator of forests (CCF) of TATR, confirmed PAC's visit to Tadoba for audit purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17564262", "title": "Ex-convicts cann't escape cops' radar", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: In an attempt to help the police keep tabs on ex-convicts who might go back to their old ways after being freed upon their serving their full sentence, the department of prisons will regularly keep the police posted on those who have completed their term and walked out of jails.The computerised information about prison admissions and releases will be made available to the police .For example, the police in Prakasam district suspected a noted dacoit, Venkanna, to be behind the burglary at the residence of a merchant in the town. The police formed special teams and launched a massive hunt for the suspect in almost all of his possible hideouts. Their efforts came a cropper. Because, Venkanna was already arrested in connection with another case somewhere in East Godavari district and was cooling his heels in the Rajahmundry prison.Two months later, he got bail and resumed his operations this time in some other district. This way, the criminals are proving to be a step ahead of the police as they are cleverly utilizing the lack of coordination between the police and prison's department.But with the latest technology that is available with the prison's department, information about all criminals will be available at finger tips for the police.The state government will upgrade all the prisons in the state with the latest computer technology. According to information, seven central prisons - Rajahmundry, Nellore, Visakhapatnam, Warangal, Kadapa, Chanchalguda, Cherlapalli, 12 district prisons, two open air jails, 123 sub-jails and one borstal school would be connected with internet and equipped with scanner and iris machines.\"The state government has, in principle, given its nod for grant of Rs.5 crore to install all the equipment in the prisons,\" a senior prisons department official told TOI. He said the prisons department would prepare a dossier of convicts and also take their photographs and finger-prints before lodging them in the prison ward. The dossier of a particular prison would be forwarded through mail to the respective districts where cases are pending against convicts.\"This will also help the police in districts to track down the criminal they are searching for and speed up the investigation into the cases registered in their areas,\" said a police official. In addition to scanning the entire criminal history of the convicts, the prison's department will also send alerts to the police concerned in case the convicts are getting released on bail or after completion of their jail term.As of now, in most cases, the police do not have information about the release dates of the convicts. With the new technological, there would be more coordination with the police who might get alerted about the person they could be searching for.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "morigaon", "code": "17566302", "title": "Bangla woman jailed for illegal entry", "text": "MORIGAON: A local court here on Monday sentenced a Bangladeshi woman to two months imprisonment for illegally entering the country in Assam's Morigaon district. Morigaon chief judicial magistrate P R Bora sentenced 30-year old Rashida Begum to two months imprisonment under Section 12 of the Indian Passport Act. Begum, who hails from Sundra Village of Bangladesh's Comilla district, had entered the country illegally through Karimganj district along the Indo-Bangla border. She was identified as a Bangladeshi at Jagiroad in Morigaon district by members of the local unit of All Assam Students' Union (AASU) and was handed over to police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17564940", "title": "Visakhapatnam still to wake up to green buildings", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Though the green building concept is fast catching up in India, but it has failed to take off in the Port City, which is touted to be the second largest investment destination in the state, with apprehensions over cost and concerns over lack of immediate returns.Industry sources said that though a slew of construction projects are coming up across Vizag, no green building has been planned either by the private or government sector.According to experts, misconceptions regarding the cost of constructing green buildings has been the biggest deterrent to companies taking up the eco-friendly solution.\"Compared to non-green buildings, the cost of construction for green structures increases by about 10 to 12 per cent. In addition, the buildings need to have skilled staff to maintain the standards set by the Indian Green Building Council (IGBC) once the construction is complete,\" said consulting engineer K Leela PrasadHowever, he pointed out that while the concept of green buildings would not be economically sustainable for residential apartments, it would result in long-term savings for privately-owned commercial complexes, hotels and hospitals setting of the initial higher costs.However, realtor Rama Kotaiah said the concept was becoming popular and that in the next two to three years the chances of a green building coming up in Vizag were very bright. \"As of now several complexes have already included 50 to 60 per cent of aspects related to green buildings,\" he said.According to the handbook on green practices published by Indian Society of Heating Refrigeration and Air conditioning Engineers (ISHRAE), Vizag Chapter, every one million square feet of commercial green buildings can save about 15 million kWh per year and reduce carbon emissions by about 1200 tonnes per year.According to IGBC, a green building is one which uses less water, optimises energy efficiency, conserves natural resources, generates less waste and provides healthier spaces for occupants as compared to a conventional building.Experts said that two-thirds of power consumption can be reduced by using LED lamps and energy efficient transformers. Green buildings promote the construction of sewage treatment plants due to which waste water will be recycled and can be used for purposes such as gardening. Water discharge should be zero and needs to incorporate rainwater harvesting. Even glasses of windows to reduce radiation and selection of paints to increase illumination play a crucial part in promoting the green concept. During construction, maximum effort is taken to use recycled materials such as fly ash ready-mix concrete, aerated concrete blocks and majority bamboo products for flooring. However, several hotels in the city are taking 'small steps' to ensure that they are not left behind in terms of energy conservation. Sources said that a private hotel located on Beach Road is changing its lighting set-up to incorporate LED bulbs, which are energy efficient. Majority of the three star hotels in the city have switched to solar panels to meet their hot water requirements, resulting in huge savings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17564941", "title": "NHRC forms panel to frame guidelines on special courts", "text": "PUNE: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), New Delhi has constituted an expert committee to frame guidelines on the cases to be tried by the special human rights court. The committee headed by retired high court justice G P Mathur was set-up by the NHRC chairperson K G Balakrishnan, former chief justice of Supreme Court of India recently.Speaking from Delhi, an official of NHRC requesting anonymity told TOI on Monday that the committee was formed as state governments have many concerns regarding special courts such as their jurisdiction and the nature of their cases among other things.The official said that it is binding on the state governments to constitute special courts as per section 30 (human rights court) of the Protection of Human Rights Act, 1993, but the governments have not taken the required steps even after 19 years of the Act coming into force.The official further said that justice Balakrishnan has directed the committee to submit the report as soon as possible. The committee recommendations will be circulated to the state governments after receiving the report, the official stated and added that the NHRC has also raised the issue of strengthening 23 state human rights commissioners in India including Maharashtra on the occasion of human rights day observed on Monday.BOXState human rights commission still headlessThe functioning of the Maharashtra state human rights commission has come to a halt since February, 2011 as the state government has not filled the vacant posts of chairperson and a member. The last chairperson, justice Kshitij Vyas, had resigned from the post on February 21 while the post of a member T Singarvel, a retired IPS officer, fell vacant in October last year. An SHRC official requesting anonymity said that the Bombay high court has recommended the name of retired high court justice Bilal Nazki for the coveted post, but the government has not yet taken any decision. This year, the SHRC has registered 8,271 cases till December 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17564676", "title": "More than 18 lakh state employees boycott work", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh lost more than 72 lakh man hours on a single day a over 18 lakh state government employees boycotted work protesting against the Centre's attempt to push through the reservation in promotion bill in Parliament. On Monday, employees, essentially from the general and OBC category, held demonstrations in various districts even as Rajya Sabha witnessed a stalemate over the controversial bill, with Bahujan Samaj Party pressing for it and its arch-rival Samajwadi Party vehemently opposing it.In Lucknow, scores of state government employees, under the aegis of Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, assembled outside UP Vidhan Bhawan in the afternoon to register their protest. The agitation had its impact on government offices like Public Works Department, UP Jal Nigam, UP Power Corporation Limited and local municipal bodies, where employees refrained from work. The state government had extended its tacit support to the strike.President of the samiti, Shailendra Dubey, claimed that essential services were not affected by the work boycott. He, however, said that the employees would continue to stage 'virodh sabhas' (protest meeting) until the government takes back the bill. \"At the same time, they have been asked to prepare themselves for a flash strike,\" Dubey said. The samiti, meanwhile, would continue to demonstrate outside Vidhan Bhawan on Tuesday.Employees at the same time, kept their fingers crossed over the passage of the bill even though the ruling Samajwadi Party in UP was heavily against the bill. General secretary of the association, OP Pandey said that the passage of the bill would have serious repercussion on the employees of the general and the OBC categories. He claimed that over 2 lakh employees who were recently promoted following the Supreme Court's order (that struck down the policy of reservation in promotion of the former Mayawati government), would be reverted back. \"This would not only cause resentment and frustration amongst the affected employee, but would also lead to complete chaos in the governance,\" Pandey said.President of UP Engineers Association, AA Farooqui, said that proposed amendment bill is being brought to revert the Supreme Court order which is not acceptable. \"There have been four unsuccessful attempts in the past to bring in such an amendment by the government,\" Farooqui said.Meanwhile, supporters under the aegis of Aarakshan Bachao Samiti said that they would not allow government functioning to collapse because of the protest. President of the samiti, KB Ram said that the samiti, if needed, would set up a control room, for people. \"There are 10 lakh people of SC/ST category who did not get their due share,\" Ram said.The proposed bill seeks to take into account the SC order of April 27, 2012, which considered the M Nagraj case that stressed on getting the data of SC/ST quantifiable in terms of their backwardness and their inadequacy of representation.The Centre had in the monsoon session of Parliament in July, brought in the bill in the Rajya Sabha. However, it could not be discussed after BJP disrupted parliamentary proceedings while raking up the alleged coal block allocation scam of the government. The saffron benches, interestingly, have remained completely silently on the issue of the reservation in promotion, leaving the general and OBC employees guessing. Samiti members said that both the national parties are yet to make their stand clear. Even on Monday, when the bill was brought for discussion, the BJP members restricted themselves on discussion on FDI. BSP chief Mayawati too was quick to declare the BJP as being anti-SC/ST.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17563297", "title": "'Witch' attacked in Rahe village", "text": "RANCHI: A 55-year-old woman was assaulted in Mukundsila village on Sunday for allegedly practicing witchcraft. The incident comes on the heels of several human rights bodies voicing concerns about rising cases of witch-hunt in the state.Villagers branded Sarna Devi, 55, as witch and broke into her house on Sunday evening and attacked the woman with swords. \"The villagers broke open the door and attacked my mother-in-law. They said she was a witch and is responsible for all ailments in the village,\" said Ramoni Devi, the victim's daughter-in-law.Sarna Devi was later admitted to Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) with grievous injuries on Sunday night.The victim's son, Bisucharan Mahato, said the villagers had quarantined them. They did not speak to the family or allowed members to take water from the common well. \"They never directly said they think my mother is a witch but they stopped talking to our family. I tried talking to people but they avoided me,\" said Mahato.Dr Anil Kumar , in-charge of the neurosurgical department, said, \"When she was admitted she was bleeding profusely and was unconscious. Her CT scan report has not yet come but now she has regained consciousness.\"Mahato said he went to Rahe TOP to file an FIR but the in-charge there asked him to get the medical report first.\"They registered a station diary and asked me to bring medical reports from a government hospital only. We are still scared of going back home as we fear that the villagers will again try to attack my family,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568128", "title": "Ilayathalapathy Vijay impressed", "text": "Ilayathalapathy Vijay has seen his cousin directorial debut film 'Sattam Oru Iruttarai' starring Thaman Kumar, Reemma Sen and Pia Bajpai and seems to have loved the movie. Debutante director Sneha Britto is thrilled that her film, a remake of S A Chandrashekar's Sattam Oru Iruttarai titled the same is all set to hit the screens at the earliest.The teams had a special screening for actor Vijay and his wife and both of them seemed to have liked the movie. The director and actress Pia Bajpai are thrilled and happy that they have liked the movie.Pia Bajpai tweeted today \"just spoke to my producer also they all r so excited..mrs.vijay also loved d film n she specially mentioned abt me.. happy. yes thalapathy vijay saw d film n he loved it.:)me n my dir.sneha jumping on phone.\"The film has got a U/A certificate and it is said that only the 'theme' from the original film has been taken and subtle changes have been made in it to suit today's times and have give thrust to love and romance. The film would probably hit screens on December 14 along with Kumki and Neethaane En Ponvasantham based on the availability of theatres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17565153", "title": "Over 18 lakh UP employees boycott work", "text": "LUCKNOW: Eighteen lakh Uttar Pradesh government employees boycotted work on Monday in protest against the Centre's attempt to push through the reservation in promotions Bill in Parliament.The employees, essentially from the general and OBC category, held demonstrations in various districts of Uttar Pradesh even as Rajya Sabha witnessed a stalemate, with BSP pressing for it and its arch-rival SP opposing it.In Lucknow, scores of government employees assembled outside the Vidhan Bhawan in protest under Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti (SHSS). The agitation had its impact on government offices like Public Works Department, UP Jal Nigam, UP Power Corporation Limited and local municipal bodies. The state government had extended its tacit support to the strike.President of the SHSS, Shailendra Dubey, claimed that essential services were not affected. He, however, said that the employees would continue to stage 'virodh sabhas' (protest meeting) until the government takes back the bill. \"At the same time, they have been asked to prepare themselves for a strike,\" Dubey said. The SHSS will continue to protest on Tuesday.General secretary of the UP government employees association, OP Pandey, said that the passage of the bill would have serious repercussions on the general and the OBC category employees. He claimed that over 2 lakh who were recently promoted following the Supreme Court's order striking down the former BSP government's promotion policy, would be reverted back. \"This would not only cause resentment and frustration amongst the affected employee, but would also lead to complete chaos in the governance,\" Pandey said.President of UP Engineers Association, AA Farooqui, said that proposed Bill will revert the SC order which is not acceptable. \"There have been four unsuccessful attempts in the past to bring in such an amendment,\" Farooqui said.Meanwhile, The Aarakshan Bachao Samiti (ABS) said that they would not allow government functioning to collapse because of the protest. President of the ABS, KB Ram said that if needed they would set up a control room for people. \"There are 10 lakh people of SC/ST category who did not get their due share,\" Ram said.The Centre had introduced the Bill in the Rajya Sabha during the monsoon session of Parliament in July. However, it could not be discussed after BJP disrupted proceedings over the coal allocation scam. The BJP has so far been silent on the issue. Even on Monday the BJP members restricted themselves on discussion on FDI. BSP chief Mayawati declared the BJP as being anti-SC/ST.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17565234", "title": "Medical camp for AMC sanitation workers", "text": "AURANGABAD: As part of its 30th anniversary celebrations, the AMC health department has organised a free health check-up camp from December 11 to 15 for its sanitary workers.The camp will be inaugurated by mayor Kala Ojha, at Bansilal Nagar health centre on Tuesday. Civic chief Purushottam Bhapkar will be present on the occasion.AMC medical health officer, Jayshree Kulkarni, said, \"Altogether, 1,637 sanitary workers will be examined. A routine check-up such as blood pressure, blood sugar, etc will be done. Of the total 598 women workers, those above 40 will undergo a pap-smear test, which is done for screening cervical cancer.\"\"We are giving top priority to provide medical help and assistance to sanitation workers and their families by arranging medical camps at regular intervals since 2003. Apart from conducting basic health check-ups and tests at the camps, documentaries and movies will be screened to create awareness on HIV aids and sexually transmitted diseases. Altogether, 37 medical officers and 90 paramedical staff would guide them on good hygiene,\" said Kulkarni.\"Health workers who are exposed to hazardous surroundings need special attention. It is the duty of the civic body to take care of them,\" she said. The sanitary workers have also been issued with a health record book and have been asked to maintain it regularly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17566553", "title": "Mother inconsolable at Jacintha's death", "text": "MANGALORE: The news of the death of Jacintha Saldanha, a nurse at London's King Edward VII Hospital, was conveyed to her ailing mother Carmine Saldanha on Monday evening. Carmine was inconsolable and family members have kept her under sedation as she is a heart patient.Jacintha's youngest brother Naveen said, \"She is heartbroken. We have kept her under sedation.\"When asked to comment on the apology by the Australian radio hosts at the centre of the Royal Hospital hoax, Naveen said: \"Ben (brother-in-law) has not told us anything about it and we don't want to comment.\"Ben's eldest sister Irene D'Souza said, \"Carmine Barboza (mother-in-law) has still not come to terms with the loss.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "margao/calangute", "code": "17565782", "title": "All in a day's work: tourists rescued off Palolem, Candolim", "text": "MARGAO/CALANGUTE: Local fishermen and lifeguards helped rescue and provide medical assistance to a 36-year-old Indian tourist from Bangalore, Anthony Ignatius, who was swimming at Palolem beach late Sunday evening.He was later shifted to Canacona primary health centre (PHC). Lifeguards said that the fishermen noticed that a tourist had collapsed in the water near the rocky area of the beach and immediately called the Palolem lifeguard tower and informed the lifeguard captain about it.The fishermen also alerted the 108 ambulance. The lifeguard captain directed a jetski to the spot with lifeguard backup. The lifeguards reached the spot and found the victim floating. He was placed on the jetski mat and brought safely to shore. On checking the vitals of the victim, it was noticed that the victim had shallow breathing. The ambulance shifted Ignatius to the Canacona PHC where he has been kept under observation.Lifeguards at Candolim beach rescued four tourists from Kolkata on Sunday afternoon. Rajesh Agarwal, 42, Ritesh Gupta, 28, Archana Goyal, 32, and Mukesh Goyal, 42, were swimming in a no-swim zone despite being warned by lifeguards not to do so because of the strong rip currents.After a while, at around 12.15pm, the four, who had ventured 30m into the sea, were seen struggling to stay afloat after being caught in a rip current. Lifeguards, noticing them struggling in the water, rushed to their assistance and brought them safely to shore using rescue tubes and rescue boards. As their condition normalized, they were allowed to go.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17567517", "title": "Happy Birthday Dilip Saab!", "text": "With a career spanning six decades and more than 60 films in his kitty, not to mention the highest number of Filmfare award wins (a record he shares only with Shah Rukh Khan), he is hailed by critics, contemporaries and audiences as the greatest actor in Hindi cinema.And even as he brings in his 91st birthday today, Dilip Kumar , born Muhammad Yousuf Khan, continues to inspire generations of actors setting foot in the film industry.In this picture captured by ace lensman Jagdish Aurangabadkar on the sets of the 1981 film Kranti, the thespian is very much in character as he poses along with his co-actors Shatrughan Sinha and Manoj 'Bharat' Kumar. Produced and directed by Manoj Kumar , the film marked Dilip Kumar's return to films after a gap of five years. Kranti , like Manoj's other films, was in keeping with the actor-producer-director's patriotic image. Set in 19th century British India, it told the story of two men - Dilip and Manoj - who lead the fight for independence.For Manoj, who had idolised Dilip and even named himself after the superstar's character in Shabnam (1949), it was a dream come true to direct and act with someone he had admired so deeply. A multi-starrer in the true sense of the term, Kranti had a large cast including Hema Malini, Parveen Babi , Sarika , Shashi Kapoor , Prem Chopra, Madan Puri and Paintal among others. Shatrughan, who played a freedom fighter in the film, is best remembered from the song Chana Zor Garam where he and Hema Malini masquerade as street singers out to make a quick buck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17563818", "title": "Sangram continues hunger strike in jail", "text": "Berhampur: Sangram Keshari Mohanty, who is lodged in R Udayagiri jail in Gajapati district on sedition charges, continued his hunger strike for the fourth day on Sunday.Sangram, a software engineer and son of Dandapani Mohanty, convenor of the Jana Adhikar Manch, was arrested on Wednesday for alleged Maoist activities. Another person from Kamalapur Square, Kailash Mandal, was also held. Police also seized arms and ammunitions and Maoist literatures from them. Sangram denied charges against him and went on hunger strike in the jail from Thursday in demand for his unconditional release. \"I have requested him to call off the hunger strike. But he is firm on his demand,\" said his father.Earlier, his mother Geetanjali had also appealed him not to continue the hunger strike.\"He has started taking glucose water from Saturday after we requested him. Doctors are monitoring his health and they recorded weight loss,\" said in-charge superintendent of R Udayagiri sub jail, NK Mallick. Upendra Nayak, the advocate representing Sangram, said he would file his bail petition before the district and sessions courts in Paralakhemundi after getting copies of the the Judicial Magistrate First Class (JMFC), R Udayagiri. The JMFC court had rejected his bail application on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17564641", "title": "Two consultants bid for Agra-Lucknow expressway", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two bidders have applied for selection as project development consultant for Agra-Lucknow expressway. The bidders are Consortium of M/s Feedback Infrastructure Services Pvt. Ltd. with M/s Redecon (India) Pvt Ltd and consortium of M/s Egis India Consulting Engineers Pvt Ltd with Ernst &amp; Young Pvt Ltd. The eight-lane eco-friendly greenfield expressway is proposed to be built on minimum distance formula through public-private partnership model.Both bidders made detailed technical presentation to Consultant Evaluation Committee under the chairmanship of infrastructure and industrial development commissioner (IIDC) Anil Kumar Gupta here on Monday. The presentations focused on experience of bidders in imparting consultancy services for development of expressways and road projects along with proposed methodology for time-bound completion of work.Gupta said, \"Agra-Lucknow expressway is a priority project of the state government; hence, we are making concerted efforts to ensure its time-bound implementation.\"A concept report has already been prepared and accepted for this project. Implementing and nodal agency for first of its kind PPP expressway project is Uttar Pradesh Expressways Industrial Authority (UPEIDA).CEO, UPEIDA, Mukul Singhal said the evaluation of technical bids would be completed within a week and then financial bids would be opened for selection of the consultant.Envisaged to provide a smooth link between Lucknow and Agra, this expressway will be built covering a distance of about 270 km. Scope of work for project development consultant would include preparation of feasibility studies and feasibility report of the expressway project for the purpose of firming up the requirements in respect of development and construction of the expressway and project facilities.To maintain ecological balance, a large number of trees would be planted for retaining the rain water in the field. Suitable techniques of rain harvesting would be adopted to raising groundwater level. Eco-friendly parks would be developed along the expressway for neutralising air and noise pollution and maintaining ecological balance owing to this expressway. Further, to maintain greenery and abundant water supply lakes and ponds would be developed on both sides of the proposed Agra-Lucknow expressway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17563980", "title": "India to outpace China by 2030: US intelligence report", "text": "WASHINGTON: It might be hard to visualize or believe in today's messy, gridlocked, turmoil-ridden subcontinent, but the US intelligence community in a new report released on Monday says by 2030, a surging India, along with decelerating China, will straddle global commerce and dominate the world economy amid the gradual decline of the west.They won't be doing it in tandem. China has powered ahead, but India's turn will come after 2015 even as China's fortunes start receding. But by 2030, Asia, fueled by India as much as China, \"will be well on its way to returning to being the world's powerhouse, just as it was before 1500,\" says \"Global Trends 2030: Alternative Worlds,\" a report issued by the US National Intelligence Council, the brains' trust of the US intelligence community. Pakistan will be a no-show and may not even exist.The report shows that India will surge ahead after 2020 even as China begins to wane or decelerate, mainly on account of demographic changes which will see China aging before India. \"As the world's largest economic power, China is expected to remain ahead of India, but the gap could begin to close by 2030. India's rate of economic growth is likely to rise while China's slows,\" the report says, adding, \"In 2030 India could be the rising economic powerhouse that China is seen to be today. China's current economic growth rate -- 8 to 10 percent -- will probably be a distant memory.\"According to the report, the total size of the Chinese working-age population will peak in 2016 and decline from 994 million to about 961 million in 2030. In contrast, India's working-age population is unlikely to peak until about 2050. In terms of timeline, India's demographic window of opportunity is between 2015 to 2050, whereas China's is 1990 to 2025. In contrast, the US fecundity was at its best between 1970 to 2015, presaging the country's gradual decline. India's median age, currently at 26, will be 32 by 2030, still the lowest among the top ten economies in the world.The report forecasts that sometime after 2030, India, not China will have the world's largest middle-class consumption, bigger than US and EU combined. But both China and India, it says, faces the prospect of being trapped in middle-income status, with their per capita income not continuing to increase to the level of the world's advanced economies unless they resolve their resource constraints (mainly water, energy, food) and invest more in science and technology to continue to move their economy up the value chain.Indeed, the India-China economic journey is not without hurdles or pitfalls, especially with regards to the global scrap for resources and the effects of climate change. But if they surmount the difficulties and things pan out well, India and China will dominate a world in 2030 that will largely be \"middle-class, not poor, which has been the condition of most people throughout human history.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17565928", "title": "Have the authorities done enough to create awareness on the risks of drownings?", "text": "At least on the beach I operate from (Sinquerim beach), we have a full-fleged team of lifeguards patrolling the length of the beach. The tourism police have been deputed on this stretch. With the change in government the awareness created and rescue system has become much more systematic. Authorities have ensured the demarcation of swimming zones especially at Baga and other areas. People under the influence of alcohol are prevented from going close to the water.Morgan D'Souza Thunderbay water sports, SinquerimThe government is certainly doing a good job along the coastal areas to prevent drownings by deploying lifeguards in tourist areas. If not for lifeguards along the coast, there would have been many more deaths due to drownings, as some tourists enter the water in dangerous places and even in a drunken condition. In other places where there are water bodies like rivers, ponds, lakes etc we cannot expect the government to deploy life guards. Each one has to take care.Donald Coelho Former windsurfer, CalanguteAlthough the government has put lifeguards on beaches to prevent drownings, it is the people who have to take care, especially in the interior areas where there are no lifeguards. Government cannot keep life guards everywhere. People who do not know how to swim should not enter the waters, including rivers, ponds and lakes especially in isolated areas. To swim in certain places you have to be a good swimmer as the water can be too deep. Besides this, there are facilities like swimming pools where one can learn to swim.Premanand Mahambre Retd headmaster, ChoraoIn this democracy, we expect too much from the authorities. According to me, it isn't only the authorities who should be held responsible, education begins with every individual. We as citizens should tell people to observe safety measures when swimming. After all the government is run by the people. Participation has to be from everyone.Awdhut Prabhudesai Doctor, Colomb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17565590", "title": "20 Jaipur Municipal Corporation councillors resign", "text": "JAIPUR: Twenty councillors of the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) submitted their resignation to chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Monday.The councilors' move came to demand action against the chief executive officer (CEO), Jagroop Yadav, who allegedly misbehaved with them in his office.Since October 26, Congress, Independent and nominated councillors are running from pillar to post demanding action against the CEO over the issue. The councilors have even boycotted the general body meeting (GBM), and met chief secretary C S Mathew and PCC chief Chandrabhan.The councillors presented a memorandum and a video CD extracted from the CCTV allegedly showing the CEO misbehaviour to them.It was reported that during a heated argument, the JMC CEO had allegedly misbehaved with Archana Sharma, councillor of ward number 41 and her husband and asked them to leave the office. The CEO also lost his temper and allegedly used abusive words since the councillors were forcing him to sanction development work in their wards.Congress councilor, Sunita Mahawar, said, \"Since long, our demand is unheard and this is the only way out. The officials at the JMC continue to misbehave with the ward councilors and despite being part of the ruling party, the high command is letting this happen. If the chief minister cannot take action against the CEO, he should accept our resignation and send it to the district collector for approval.\"Councillors even claimed that the matter was ignored by the chief minister. Another Congress councillior , Umar Daraj , said, \"After no time, attention was given to the councillors by the chief minister. So, we have opted to submit our resignation in a public hearing today.\"Meanwhile, the chief minister has constituted a committee to probe the matter asked the report to be submitted within three days.For three years at a stretch, bad blood among the mayor, the councillors and the administrative officials has turned JMC into a political battleground, severely hampering development work in the city.Till date, six chief executive officers have been transferred in three years as they were in conflict with the mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568028", "title": "Gautham Menon directs Asin", "text": "Gautham Menon has directed the Asin, who has been the brand ambassador for Miranda for the past seven years for a new 90 second ad film for brand Mirinda based on K.Balachander's film 'Moondru Mudichu' which featured Sridevi, Kamal Haasan and Rajinikanth. The ad introduces two new flavours of the drink, apple and grape.The ad was shot in a place near Fishermen Cove (Kovalam) near Chennai. While the ad was developed &amp; conceptualised by JWT India, it was directed by ace director Gautham Vasudev Menon.Asin essays the role of Sridevi at the epicenter of the love triangle with young handsome look alike of Kamal Haasan and Rajinikanth. \"It was fun working with Gautham again and that too in an ad format with a fun, interesting concept\" said Asin.The team acquired the rights from the original producers to recreate the cult scene and the rights for the song were obtained from Saregama Music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17563786", "title": "Tractor company hauled up for 'inflating' price", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Monday stopped Mahindra Gujarat Tractors from selling tractors through subsidy scheme following allegation that the company inflated prices of vehicles sold through the government channel. \"With effect from December 10, neither permits will be issued for subsidy sale nor claim bills from OAIC will be entertained for your company's models of tractor,\" director agriculture and food production R S Gopalan wrote to Sanjay Pandey, state head of the company. A civil society group on December 7 had alleged that officials, in connivance with tractor companies, had siphoned off over Rs 100 crore in selling subsidized tractors to farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17565488", "title": "Speedy trial bill approved", "text": "JAIPUR: President Pranab Mukherjee has approved the Rajasthan Special Courts Bill-2012 aimed at speedy trials in corruption cases and confiscation of properties/assets attained/acquired by public/government servants through corrupt means disproportionate to known sources of income. Talking to the media after taking a review meeting of bureaucrats on Monday, chief minister Ashok Gehlot said \"The President has given his consent to the bill. It will be a landmark law which will help in curbing corruption in public life.\"With this, Rajasthan became the third state after Bihar and Odisha, to have such a special law. Earlier Rajasthan Assembly passed the bill on April 12, 2012 by voice vote.According to the new law, everyone who draws salary from the government exchequer, including the chief minister, would fall under its ambit. The special court formed so under the Act would hear the cases in such a manner that the same would be decided within six months.Ordinarily, there is no provision for a stay order, but if ordered in unavoidable circumstances, then it would not prevail for more than three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17569117", "title": "Beyonce secures 30m pounds Pepsi deal", "text": "Fans of Beyonce are likely to see much more of her after the R 'n' B queen signed a 30-million-pound deal to become the face of Pepsi.Not only will she appears in adverts for the soft drink, but in a first for the company, her face will be featured on cans and bottles of the drink, the Daily Mail reported.While other well known figures, such as David Beckham and Jennifer Lopez , have been used in TV and magazine campaigns, it is the first time that a celebrity's face will adorn the drink.The limited edition cans will be released in March and sold worldwide, including the UK.The promotion will kick start by Beyonce's appearance in February during the half time show at the Super Bowl , the world's most watched sports event with worldwide audience of over 500 million viewers.Another part of the deal will see Pepsi investing millions in other projects favoured by the singer that have no connection to promoting the soft drink.Announcing the deal, Beyonce said: \"Pepsi embraces creativity and understands that artists evolve.\"\"As a businesswoman, this allows me to work with a lifestyle brand with no compromise and without sacrificing my creativity,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17565926", "title": "Cool Commercial Street is hottest", "text": "BANGALORE: Kodathi, near Anekal, is the coolest place while Commercial Street is the hottest when it is night in Bangalore.Initial findings from an ongoing (yet to be completed) survey by The Energy and Resources Institute (Teri), Bangalore, has revealed that the green belt in Kodathi through which re-radiation (trees absorb carbon dioxide and give away oxygen) occurs is the reason behind the place being the coolest in the city.The same doesn't happen in Commercial Street due to lack of trees. \"On any given summer day, IISc campus records the lowest temperature and Electronics City records the maximum temperature during the day,\" said Minni Sastry, fellow from Teri, during the third regional conference on Innovations of Sustainable Habits here on Monday.The survey by Teri looks at how environmental degradation has led to creation of urban heat islands in the Garden City.Teri has chosen six different areas of Bangalore and has recorded the day and night temperatures. IISc campus, Ulsoor, Commercial Street, Kodathi near Anekal, Electronics City, Palace Grounds area have been selected for the survey.BUDGET WASTE UNIT COSTSHow can builders, corporate firms and developers contribute to solid waste management ? \"Include the cost of setting up solid waste management units within your budgetary provisions and maintain the facilities,\" said Wilma Rodrigues, founder member of Saahas zero waste management. \"Most of the apartments and corporate sectors in Bangalore give budget as the reason for not establishing solid waste management units in their premises . When the city is suffering from the crisis, public must depend not only on the BBMP, but wake up to the cause themselves,\" she said. Biocon CEO Kiran Mazumdar Shaw said there was no concept of solid waste management so far, it was only garbage dumping.GOVT MUST WAKE UPSpeaking about water management , architect Mohan S Rao of Integrated Design said that the wrong practice of digging borewells for the flow of rainwater must be stopped . \"It's the most unscientific method where rainwater is led to go through huge borewells and enter the groundwater table. It's happening in many construction sites. That's not the way to conserve water. The government must wake up to this issue ,\" he said.Noted architect K Jaisim pointed out that such methods of rainwater harvesting can cause epidemics. \"Waste must pass through muddy layer and not through hollow wells. If this practic is not stopped now, the groundwater table will get polluted ,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17565924", "title": "Nature trail, boating for Harike tourists mooted", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Plans for boating in the \"pond\" area of world-famous Harike wildlife sanctuary, along with development of a nature trail, have been prepared and submitted for final approval to the office of chief wildlife warden, Punjab. Restrictions on entry by visitors to the famed migratory and resident bird hotspot will also be relaxed to facilitate eco-tourism and spread awareness about wildlife conservation.\"As of now, entry for visitors is restricted. But we have prepared a plan to facilitate wildlife tourism at Harike and it has been submitted to the CWW, Dhirendra K Singh. The CWW will clear the plan with modifications, if desired. A nature trail along the LWB bundh and boating for visitors in the pond area have also been incorporated in the plan,'' DFO (wildlife) at Harike, M Sudhagar, told TOI.Meanwhile, the wildlife preservation department has received a letter from Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) director, Asad Rahmani, about sending a team of experts to undertake a census and survey of Harike and officially confirm the discovery of endangered Sindh Jerdon's babbler (Chrysomma altirostre scindicum). The bird, historically seen only along Indus river in Pakistan , was sighted and photographed on October 30, 2012, in Harike's \"Riyasat\" area by Gunjan Arora, Shashank Dalvi and Saurabh Sawant.\"Rahmani has promised to send a team comprising a professional ornithologist and two-three assistants. His letter was received three days back. He has asked us to make arrangements for the team and secure permissions needed for conducting the survey and census of Harike's birds. The survey is likely to be conducted in January 2013, but the exact dates and composition of the team will be intimated to us after December 18, 2012. I have asked Rahmani to send more accredited ornithologists to the sanctuary,'' said Sudhagar.The BNHS, under the late Dr Salim Ali , had conducted an in-depth bird ringing camp at Harike during 1980-84, which came up with some startling insights into the epic migration of birds from places as remote as Siberia.Speaking to TOI from Mumbai, Rahmani said that BNHS ornithologists were currently busy with some research work and that it was not easy for them to spare a full team for Harike. \"However, we are considering the matter and will respond positively to the Punjab government,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17565303", "title": "Slowdown, water crisis hits industries", "text": "AURANGABAD: Many small and medium scale industrialists have already started facing the heat of the economic slowdown and the issue of water scarcity has compounded their problems, said an industrialist. They have kept their fingers crossed as the production is likely to take a beating in the coming months and the situation is expected to worsen. Some said that they had to keep their production line closed many a time due to the non-availability of raw material and water as well and were incurring losses of 10-15 per cent.Sandeep Nagori, ex-president of the Marathwada Association of Small Scale Industries and Agriculture, said, \"The industries, especially small and medium ones, have already started facing the heat of the economic slowdown. Many industries have been forced to shut shop due to the lack of work orders.\"Agreeing with Nagori, Santosh Kulkarni, also an ex-MASSIA president, said, \"The units which have a capacity to run for 24 hours are functioning only for 16 to 18 hours due to the reduction in work orders. Many factors are involved in this slowdown, such as, a slowing economy, uncertain fuel price regulations, new taxes, a weakening currency, monsoon deficiency, hike in power tariff, etc. Those who had planned to make additional investments have put their plans on the back burner.\"Inventory is building up and production is slowing down,\" said Kulkarni. \"Consumers are holding back on discretionary spending in this uncertain economic climate \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and that's causing the demand to slow.\"After the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) declared 33 per cent water cuts from October, MASSIA officials said that although most of the small scale industries did not use water as raw material as raw material, they had started depending on tankers for domestic use.\"Already we are reeling under additional expenses with a major hike in the power tariff, and to compound our woes we have the water problem staring at us,\" said Ashok Kale, director of Clad Metal India Pvt Ltd at Waluj and also an ex-MASSIA president.\"Though water is not used as raw material in my plant, I have been purchasing 6,000 litres every day at Rs 800 for domestic purposes. However, the tanker water is hard and the quality of the products of the industries that use water as one of the raw materials is bound to suffer. The plants that deal in powder coating and plating business are required to use dematerialized water for cleaning of components. Jayakwadi serves soft water and with hard water the quality of the product is hampered,\" said Kale.\"We understand the need of the hour that with less rainfall this year the present water stock can be used for drinking purposes only. Since water in the dams will not last for too long we agreed with the water cuts announced by MIDC. But we have been holding meetings with industrialists to create an awareness about the water used for domestic purposes and have also decided to conserve 15 per cent of the total 45 mld water that is pumped out from the reservoir,\" said Sunil Bhosale, vice president, MASSIA, Waluj chapter.Worse is the condition of the industries dealing in the plating business. \"Many a time I have to shut down my production due to the water crisis,\" said Kamal Pahade, an industrialist. He said, \"Water supply with a gap of more than three hours has an adverse impact on our manufacturing process. We deal in plating of motorcycle parts. Since MIDC cut the water supply by 33 per cent my industry has been facing a loss of 10-15 per cent,\" he said.Pritish Chaterjee, an industrialist who deals in exports, said that water is used as a raw material in his plant and he was now forced to buy 2-3 containers of water every day. \"We are depending on tankers (20%) and incurring an additional expense of Rs 50,000 per month. We were already facing about 25% hike in electricity charges since the past few months, and this problem of water and electricity will drastically affect the industries in the state in the competitive market. Maharashtra's power is costlier by more than Rs 2-3 per unit compared to that of Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Chhattisgarh, Goa and Gujarat,\" he said.\"Power tariff hike, which almost doubled in the last five years amid slowdown, and now the water problem, are only going to intensify the affect,\" said Chaterjee. \"Keeping in view with a long term vision to cope up with the situation we are fitting a river-osmosis (RO) plant so that we can recycle the used water. This way we would be able to reuse about 50 per cent of the water ,\" he said.However, with major projects like DMIC, the Shendra industrial park and Auto Cluster lined up, the manufacturing units in the city have not lost all hope. \"This is just a passing phase; with so many positive developments happening in the coming months, we hope to recover from this crisis and bounce back soon,\" said Kulkarni.MASSIA had organized a meeting recently to review the situation of the water crisis. \" It is the responsibility of every citizen to ensure judicious use of water in the coming days ,\" said MASSIA president Uday Girdhari.\"We have planned to use recycled water for gardening, flushing of toilets, etc. We will also start appealing all industrialists to implement rainwater harvesting. We have also suggested MIDC to curb leakages and act swiftly to control water losses up to 100 per cent,\" said Girdhari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17566612", "title": "Germans seek security to invest in Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: German ambassador to India Michael Steiner on Monday indicated that if the state government wanted to attract investments , it had to open up to the world and be proactive in creating a favorable condition so that the investors could repose faith in local administration. Steiner, along with a German delegation, met chief minister Mamata Banerjee at Writers' Buildings on Monday and discussed opportunities for business in the state.Coming out of the meeting, the German diplomat told media that his team had found the chief minister very energetic and impressive. \"German companies are eager to invest in the state. West Bengal needs to open up to the outside world. I encouraged the chief minister to realize the realities of the global market,\" he said.To drive home his point, Steiner gave an example of Siemens. \"There are many fields where cooperation with West Bengal could be very fruitful. There are areas like food processing, vocational training, higher education and so many other areas,\" he said.The ambassador also said that the German industry had proved its excellence in areas like urbanization, development of infrastructure and energy efficiency. \"The distance between Berlin and Kolkata, which is about 7,000 kilometers, is not a factor now with improved communication. More important is the proximity in temperament. You have the quest for inclusive growth. I have talked to the chief minister about the German industry's willingness and she readily agreed,\" he said.Steiner mentioned that if land was available and adequate infrastructure was in place, then investments can flow into any state. \"If one is proactive and a favorable condition is being created, investments will come,\" he said.According to the team, the German industry was keen to invest in various sectors in the state like food processing. Only last week, a 20-member German delegation, led by German consul general Rainer Schmiedchen, held a meeting with state finance minister Amit Mitra at the state secretariat to discuss prospects for new investors. A mining exhibition washeldlastweekwherethe German business delegation had participated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17565273", "title": "Man accused of blackmail sent to 15-day judicial custody", "text": "AURANGABAD: Kiran Pathare, husband of a lady constable, who was arrested on Sunday night for allegedly blackmailing the wife of a cop and demanding Rs 20,000 from her, has been remanded to 15 days judicial custody on Monday.Sub-inspector and investigation officer Vaishali Yampure said, \"The complainant lodged a formal complaint at the Kranti Chowk police station against Pathare on Sunday afternoon. The complainant and the accused are residents of Kranti Chowk police colony.\"The police said that the lady in consultation with her husband first approached the deputy commissioner of police (headquarter), Somnath Gharge, and explained the matter, following which Gharge asked her to lodge a complaint with the Kranti Chowk police station.In her complaint, the lady stated that the accused allegedly got photos of her (complainant) and edited it making objectionable content and showed it to her son's friend on Saturday. Later the accused called her up and tried to blackmail her by saying that he would circulate the photos if she failed to give him Rs 20,000.The woman spoke to her husband and decided to approach Gharge, who directed her to lodge a complaint with the Kranti Chowk police station.Yempure said, \"We arrested Pathare on Sunday night and produced him in court on Monday. He will be sent to the Harsul Central Prison to complete his MCR term. We are trying to ascertain the allegations made by the cop's wife.\"The MCR in the case has raised questions over the contentions made by the police in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kalinmpong", "code": "17565545", "title": "Kalimpong tense after street fight", "text": "KALINMPONG: Heavy security cover was put in place in the Hills town on Monday after a clash broke out between the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha and the Gorkhaland Rajya Nirman Morcha (GRNM), a break-away faction of the Gorkha National Liberation Front (GNLF).GRNM leaders alleged that their supporters were beaten up by GJM cadres when they were assembling at Dambar Chowk for their foundation-day programme. \"We were gathering peacefully at Dambar Chowk around 3.30pm to attend our party's second foundation day programme when GJM cadres started pelting stones and beat our supporters with iron rods,\" alleged GRNM president Dawa Pakhrin. He added that the GJM mob was led by Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) members Nima Tamang and Dawa Lepcha.The GRNM was formed a year back to take up the cause of a separate Gorkhaland state. Pakhrin used to be the GNLF Kalimpong branch president but had left the party over political differences.Pakhrin also alleged that five to seven GRNM supporters had sustained injuries due to the clash. An FIR has been lodged against Tamang and Lepcha and other GJM supporters in the Kalimpong police station. \"Is this the democracy that the GJM leaders are boasting about? Today's incident proves that the GJM's policy is to spread terror to silence criticism and opposition,\" said Pakhrin.Darjeeling SP Kunal Agarwal confirmed that two cases had been initiated following the incident. \"We have started two cases - one for holding a public meeting without any permission and the other one on the attack,\" he said. Pakhrin, however, countered the allegation saying that his party had obtained necessary permission to hold the meeting.Even GJM general secretary Roshan Giri refuted the allegation that his party members were involved in the scuffle. \"It was a conspiracy to defame the party and its leaders. These people are worried that the GTA is now functioning well and doing a lot of work for the people. The whole idea is to create disturbances in the region,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564795", "title": "Swindler on run, firm complains", "text": "NEW DELHI: Receiving several complaints of money handed to its employees not reaching the bank, a cash firm on Janpath opened an inquiry and found that these amounts were picked up by the same employee on each of the four instances. They were too late as the suspect had stopped coming to work in mid-October.Mahesh Sharma, a resident of Mayur Vihar, is understood to have fled after swindling cash around Rs 15 lakh belonging to the company's clients, police said. A senior police officer said the cash custodian first targeted a client on July 13 and collected cash around Rs 2.1 lakh from him. His second target was a businessman from whom he received around Rs 6 lakh at Indira Gandhi International Airport on September 10. He took Rs 3.5 lakh from another client on September 28 and Rs 2.5 lakh from yet another person on October 1.The accused, however, did not report to office after October 11. When the company did not receive any communication from him and his wife could not tell the management his whereabouts, it inquired into his work record.A company official said an FIR under Section 408 (criminal breach of trust) was registered with Barakhamba Road police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17566215", "title": "Sena firm on Thackeray's samadhi demand", "text": "NAGPUR: Shiv Sena legislators made it clear on the very first day that they will not relent on the demand for a Samadhi (memorial) for the party's founder Bal Thackeray at the centre of Shivaji Park.MLA Eknath Shinde threatened that if the government tried to remove the makeshift structure at the spot where Bal Thackeray was cremated then there would be mayhem in Mumbai as Shiv Sainiks were not afraid of facing bullets. Significantly, Sena's chief ally BJP was silent on the issue. So was MNS, whose founder Raj Thackeray is Balasaheb's nephew.The demand for the samadhi was first raised by Sena MLCs Ramdas Kadam followed by Diwakar Raote. Interestingly, prominent Sena member Neelam Gorhe did not raise this demand. Senior leaders like Subhash Desai, while paying tributes to the departed Sena supremo, also did not raise the memorial demand in the lower house.The requests turned into threats outside the House. Eknath Shinde and other Sena MLAs addressing the media threatened the government against any attempt to remove the samadhi from Shivaji Park. They said that they didn't want a big area and only wished that the government should construct a memorial in the small patch where Thackeray was cremated. The Sena legislators clarified that they didn't want to rename Shivaji Park as Shivaji Maharaj was the greatest monarch of Maharashtra.Earlier, senior Sena MLC Diwakar Raote, pointing towards the massive turnout of supporters during Bal Thackeray's funeral said, \"I will not make any comments on his memorial in Shivaji Park as senior leaders have already clarified the party's stand. However, I would like to point out that such massive participation and that too for the funeral, was last witnessed when Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar passed away.\"Kadam claimed that all Marathi people want the memorial. \"We don't want the entire Shivaji Park. I appeal to the chief minister to give us only the piece of land where our revered leader was cremated. It is not our demand but that of the Marathi manoos,\" he said.In the upper house, MLCs cutting across party lines described Bal Thackeray as a great person, who had left his mark on Maharashtra. Some non-Sena legislators too said that he was the third great Maharashtrian after Shivaji Maharaj and Dr B R Ambedkar. MLCs recalled their personal experiences about Bal Thackeray. In the lower house, ministers Chhagan Bhujbal and Narayan Rane , who started their political careers with Shiv Sena, paid glowing tributes to Thackeray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17566350", "title": "Not many takers for Calicut University mega convocation", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Calicut University, the largest varsity in the state in terms of student numbers, is facing an unusual crunch. The varsity, which has around three lakh students on its rolls, is struggling to mop up enough students for a mega convocation ceremony that is being held after three decades.The university has scheduled the mega event, wherein 2,000 graduates will be awarded degrees in the presence of Union human resources development minister Shashi Tharoor , in the third week of December. However, the response from varsity graduates has been lukewarm, with only 148 graduates registering themselves for the event till December 5.In a desperate attempt to marshal the numbers, the university had opened up the ceremony, originally announced for PhD and PG graduates, to even undergraduates. It had extended the last date for registrations five times besides convening a special meeting of the senate on November 21, which granted degrees to 33,684 students with a hope that they would also line up for the convocation ceremony.Sources said the fee of Rs 2,000 charged by the varsity to cover the cost of the convocation gown has been a dampener as not many graduates are willing to shell out a hefty amount to collect their degree certificates at the function while they have an option to collect them from colleges. The battered image of the controversy-ridden varsity is also believed to have contributed to the disinterest.University controller of examinations V Rajagopalan said the response from students had been poor. \"The top varsity administration is meeting tomorrow to assess the situation and to decide on how to proceed further. The event could be scaled down and organized at the university auditorium itself,\" he said.Priya K, a graduate, said she saw no point in Rs 2,000 for the function. \"The university does not have a tradition of giving out degree certificates at a convocation. I feel it is a ploy by the varsity higher-ups to get publicity by holding a mega event at the cost of students. The varsity should instead focus on setting right its shoddy examination system that has been beset by delays in the conduct of exams and announcement of results,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17563950", "title": "Flat owners to demand more subsidized LPG cylinders", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Metropolitan Flat Owners Welfare Association will hold a demonstration in Ashok Nagar on Wednesday demanding that the Centre increase the number of subsidized LPG cylinders from six to 15.Association secretary P Muthukrishnan said people were struggling to manage with just six subsidized cylinders a year. \"The state government or the Centre should provide more cylinders at subsidised rates.\"Residents said that a lack of coordination among oil companies, distributors, delivery boys and a lack of awareness among consumers about new policies created chaos. \"Many delivery boys demand an additional amount from customers and the agencies don't respond to our complaints,\" said Muthukrishnan. Chandramohan, a member of the association, said, \"We have decided to distribute pamphlets to all bus commuters on Wednesday on this issue.\"Others said delays in delivery of cylinders, long waiting periods in getting second cylinders, over-charging and black-marketing had become common.All India Indane Distributors' Association general secretary C G Krishnamoorthy said it was not fair to blame all distributors for the poor behaviour of a few. \"They should realize we dealing with thousands of customers daily\". He also promised \"strict action whenever we receive a complaint.\"Oil company sources said they would start issuing new connections once the de-duplication process was completed. Oil company officials has also advised consumers to keep proper records of their refill supplies and fill up the 'know your customer' form to ensure flawless service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17566107", "title": "'25% in state suffer mental problems'", "text": "BANGALORE: Over 25 percent of the state's population suffers from major mental health problems, shows a survey done by the newly formed Mental Health Task Force (MHTF). \"Out of the 25 percent who suffer from major mental or psychological disorders, 75 pc don't get treated. The biggest of the psychological problems that causes severe mental disorders is depression ,\" said Dr H Chandrashekar, secretary, Karnataka State Mental Health Authority.The task force will focus on psycho-education as the first agenda apart from implementing school mental health programmes, introduction of basic sex education in high school, making mental health services available at doorsteps in districts and improving manpower in this field of medicine.Dr KA Ashok Pai, chairman of the task force, told reporters on Monday that the lack of awareness and social stigma associated with identification and treatment of mental health can be eradicated with psycho-education. \"A man diagnosed with a psychological problem could worsen his disease if he skips even a single dosage of his medicines. But he does so or chooses to skip dosages due to the social stigma that affects him even more,\" said Dr Pai.At present there are only two government-run mental health hospitals in Karnataka-one in Dharwad and Nimhans in Bangalore. There are psychiatry departments in 36 medical colleges and 82 private psychiatry hospitals licensed by the state government. MHTF is looking at having full-fledged mental health centres, one in each district, with a battery of psychologists and nurses.STATE'S BIG WORRIESPeople suffering from severe mental disorder-2%Minor mental disorder 10-12%Depression-10-12%Substance use disorder-3%Childhood problems-5%Suicide rate-9-11 per lakh population (avg for Karnataka per year)Source: Mental Health Task Force", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17563410", "title": "Panchayat V-P seeks action against president\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s hubby", "text": "MADURAI: The vice-president of the Settiyapati panchayat in Athoor union in Dindigul district has submitted a petition to the Dindigul district collector seeking that action be initiated against the husband of the panchayat president, who was interfering in the administrative affairs of the panchayat.In his petition, T Raja, the vice-president has stated that the president of the panchayat P Revathy had no say in any work concerning this local body and that her husband Palanichamy ran the entire administration, right from signing important documents. He also claimed that Palanichamy misappropriated funds of the panchayat. A few months ago, Palanichamy had called for a tender to the tune of Rs 13 lakh for laying of a road between Kallupatti and Velankanni in his panchayat, when it actually did not require any repairs. However, this was stopped when the vice-president complained to the authorities.The panchayat president was selecting the beneficiaries for various government schemes, like the costless goat scheme and real beneficiaries were being denied a chance to enjoy this benefit.Speaking to TOI, he said that chief minister J Jayalalithaa was trying to empower women and one of the most empowered posts was that of the president of a local body, but this was prevented by the panchayat president's husband's interference.He urged the Dindigul district collector to take steps to prevent this drawback for the benefit of the people as many works were being hindered by him. According to him, Palanichamy was hostile towards him because he was demanding to know what Palanichamy was doing in the panchayat administrative works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17566169", "title": "'There is a need to develop region-specific venoms'", "text": "MYSORE: Nephrologist Dr Joseph K Joseph is an expert in treating snakebite victims. In the past 35 years, the 60-year-old has treated thousands of victims at Little Flower Hospital and Research Centre (Angamaly in Kerala).Dr Joseph was here to inaugurate the three-day national seminar on snakebite management organized by Toxinological Society of India, University of Mysore, and Karnataka State Open University on Monday. In an interview, he told TOI that anti-snake venom (ASV) is the only treatment for snakebite. Excerpts:Are all snakebites poisonous? As per our study, 70% snakebites are non-poisonous, and 15% are dry bites. Another 15% is a major concern, as they take thousands of lives. Of the 275 species of snakes, only 62 (42 land snakes, 20 sea snakes) are poisonous. Cobra, Russell viper, saw-scaled viper and krait are dangerous. We have identified one more dangerous species in hump-nosed pit viper in Kerala.What is the percentage of snakebite victims who survive? The average mortality rate in snakebites is 16-20% in India, while it is less than 3.4% in our hospital. Majority of victims are villagers, who are breadwinners.What are the challenges in treating snakebite victims? Anti-snake venom (ASV) is the only treatment for snakebite, but people lack awareness about it. If a victim is given ASV quickly, his/ her chances of survival will be more. We appeal to victims and their relatives not to delay the treatment. But sadly, ASV is not available everywhere.What needs to be done in the treatment? ASVs are expensive and a victim requires a minimum of 10-25 ASV vials, each costing Rs 650. The government should give subsidy and make them available everywhere. Every year, over 50,000 lives are lost because of its scarcity. Presently, we have uniform polyvalent ASV, even though there is variation in snake venom composition from place to place. Region-specific ASVs have to be developed for better results. There is a need to train doctors also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17564068", "title": "Nobel winners, their humble beginnings &amp; ingenious feats", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Science transcends international boundaries as it is independent of ideology, tradition and nationality, said Johann Deisenhofer, the 1988 winner of Nobel Prize in Chemistry, delivering lecture on the third day of the ongoing fifth science conclave at the Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad (IIIT-A) on Monday.He began his lecture telling sharing personal details of his birth in a farmer's family and his education from the village school to the Technical University Of Munich where he studied Physics. He spoke about X-Ray Crystallography of proteins and about protein structure. Finally he talked about photosynthesis and how light is converted and stored in plants as chemical energy. In 2005, he had a job offer at Southwester Medical Centre, Dallas, Texas. On December 10, 1988, King of Sweden honored him with the Nobel Prize.He talked about why natural science is such a fascinating subject. The key point he highlighted in support of the above is that science stimulates and sometimes satisfies curiosity , teaches us to think in probabilities, not in certainties. Experiment decides and nature is the judge. The most important thing he learnt from his physics mentor was that nothing is certain.Erwin Neher, another Nobel Prize awardee (1991) for Physiology spoke at the session before lunch about 'top-down' and 'bottom-up' approach which can be applied to neuroscience. \"We can start either way to see how these molecules produce current,\" said Neher, director at the Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry who heads department of Membrane Biophysics and arrived on the campus on Sunday evening to address young scientists from the ASEAN and India.Talking about his childhood days, he said as a high school student he was fascinated with Biology. He was keenly interested with the concept of electricity in the living body and finally did his research in the field. The concept of bio electricity has its roots in history. He talked about Luigi Galvani (1737-1798, Italian Scientist) who discovered that frog muscles can be used as switch as the nerve is stimulated by an electric shock. He talked about the contribution of Volta who designed the battery which was used to provide shock to people. Neher talked about signals working in human brain and elaborated by explaining that brain is a network of 1,012 neurons each connected to thousands of others. He talked about Ramon Y Cajal who predicted the direction of signal flow in 1904 and found that it was mostly on the right hand side. He illustrated through figures the structure of first, second and third layer of the cerebrum of a one month old child and talked about Julius Bernstein who recorded the first Action Potential (1868) and formulated his 'membrane theory' in 1902. He talked about his mentor Dieter Lux , according to whom action potential was the consequence of permeability changes in the nerve membrane and suggested to Neher to pursue PhD in this field. He said he started his research work in the most difficult way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568741", "title": "Bold and the beautiful", "text": "Blushing bahus? You must be kidding! City brides-to-be are living it up on the last days of their singlehood, partying with their besties, bunny headgears, naughty corsets et al!Your D-Day's closing in. Your to-do list seems never-ending but your singledom days are numbered. The butterflies in your stomach are staging a revolution with all the fluttering but before you slip into the coy bride mode, celebrate the last few days in style. Grab those fishnet stockings and corsets, playboy bunny headgears, tiaras and cakes with naughty inscriptions while your better half celebrates with boring drinking binges with his boy gang. Bachelorette or hen parties are hotting up in the city. Calendars are being dotted and dates being blocked with dos that seem to be the perfect antidote for that last-minute cold feet. Hear it out from Sana Singh, a 24-year-old PYT, who recently attended her friend's hen party. \"We were a group of 15 girls and organized this utterly crazy party that went on for 48 hours! There were pole dancers and, of, course, free-flowing alcohol. We even had a pool to ourselves. A khoi bag filled with kinky stuff was the best element! And yes , it was strictly an all-girls' party!\" Needless to say, the party had a 'no-photos-on-Facebook' policy. It's all about unadulterated fun, admits Devika Arora. \"I went to my friend's bachelorette at a five-star property in the city. The theme was Hawaiian. Instead of glasses, we drank out of coconut shells. Sand and sea shells were handed out as return gifts. The idea was to get drunk,\" says Devika. Says Swati Siotia, owner of a party accessory shop, \"Earlier, what just used to be a get-together for the brides and her girl gang has now translated into elaborate parties. Since November, we have sold accessories for 4-5 parties each day.\" The colour scheme maybe predominantly pink but the themes range from neon to wild Vegas and even Playboy! Accessories range from glow-in-the dark bride-to-be boppers, oversized eyeglasses, LED items like balloons, ice buckets and hair extensions. Themed accessories for a group of 20 to 25 people can set you back by about 20,000. \"So that friends of the bride don't feel left out, we've introduced fun party buttons such as chief bridesmaid, cheeky devil, dancing queen and flirt alert. We also have party masks, beer mugs, champagne glasses, whisky and guitar shaped glares and invitation cards in the shape of corsets. Think crazy and act crazier is the tagline,\" said Swati. She added that the most popular item happens to be a party game that acts as an ice-breaker and makes party goers do naughty stuff. \"The game has options such as 'Kiss' which stands for 'kiss the next man who walks into the room' and 'Bad girl' that stands for 'wearing your lingerie as our outerwear',\" adds Swati. Some prefer to book the floor of a nightclub or a hotel suite for night-long celebrations. \"Hen parties are on the rise. The numbers have definitely gone up. We have hosted a number of such dos this season already,\" says Amit Hathiramani of a popular nightclub in Kolkata. \"The idea is to indulge in fun-oriented activities. It's the thrill of doing things that one generally wouldn't do,\" says wedding planner Chitvan Jaipuria. Girls just wanna have fun, eh? Desi Boyz ishtyle!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17563406", "title": "100 sanitation employees for Government Rajaji Hospital soon", "text": "MADURAI: The Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) in Madurai will soon be free from stinking smell, unclean toilets and garbage in the wards and inside the hospital, as the hospital is likely to get as many as 100 sanitation employees shortly.The decision was taken during a meeting of GRH officials with Madurai district collector, Anshul Mishra, on Saturday which took place in the collector's camp office. The long-pending need of sanitation workers to the hospital would be fulfilled soon. The 100 employees would be instated though an agency on daily wage basis, said Dr N Mohan, dean, Madurai Medical College and GRH.The payment for the employment would be made utilising the hospital development fund available with the hospital administration, earned by performing surgeries under the Chief Minster's Comprehensive Health Insurance Scheme, the dean said.Sources from the hospital said that there are only 75 dedicated sanitation employees in the hospital. While the strength is insufficient to maintain the sanitation of the GRH premises, some of the workers are shifted to the annexe building of GRH at Anna bus terminal. The main building of the GRH was functioning with merely 40 employees, who have to keep 60 wards clean.\"The staffing of another 100 employees is a welcome move. We are desperately in need of the sanitation workers and once they are inducted we can elevate the hospital to the next level in terms of sanitation,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17563380", "title": "Tough task master leaves, medical varsity gets new VC", "text": "CHENNAI: Orthopaedic surgeon Dr Mayil Vahanan Natarajan, who made controversial decisions during his tenure as vice-chancellor of the state medical university, ended his term on Monday. Diabetologist and Madras Medical College professor Dr D Shantharam will be the new vice-chancellor.Minutes after Dr Shantharam received the order from Raj Bhavan, posters welcoming him sprung up on the university campus. However, Dr Shantharam did not visit the university. A farewell was given to Dr Natarajan, who had a three-year eventful tenure.The first controversy arose in 2010 when Dr Natarajan said he would revise the Siddha syllabus. Days after the Madras high court said Indian Medicine practitioners could do surgeries, he said he would delete allopathic contents from their course and remove the word \"surgery\" from their bachelor's degree. But the issue is yet to be settled. Earlier this month, CCIM said the university had once again deleted allopathic contents from the Siddha PG course. Dr Natarajan said the university had the powers to revise the syllabus.Dr Natarajan became unpopular when he stopped awarding more than five grace marks to students who failed in exams. Earlier, students who needed 50% to pass their exams, got up to 49 marks as grace. He also made it mandatory for students to get 50 marks in each paper when the MCI recommended a 50% aggregate in each subject. \"As vice-chancellor, I wasn't running any popularity contest. My decisions were tough but well planned and for the benefit of students and medical education,\" he said, ahead of exiting his office.Dr Shantharam, said he would not like to deviate from the MCI regulations. \"The university will follow what is common for all universities. My focus will be on medical research,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17565564", "title": "Tantrik kidnaps girl, arrested", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 29-year-old self-styled tantrik, Ashiq Qureshi, was arrested for allegedly kidnapping a minor girl. The victim was freed from the clutches of Qureshi in Mumbai on Monday. The accused Qureshi had kidnapped the girl from her residence in a slum area near Industrial Area, Phase I, claiming that she had been possessed by evil spirits on November 24.The tantrik had also taken around Rs 10,000 from the parents of the girl. He had told her parents that he would return after two days but never came back. Police said the girl's father lodged a complaint with the local cops on December 7 and Qureshi was traced in Mumbai. Qureshi is being taken to Chandigarh on transit remand. A case was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17565967", "title": "'Khazan devpt board will spell comunidade's doom'", "text": "PANAJI: The constitution of the Goa khazan land development board is likely to drive the last nail in the coffin of age-old comunidades, already drifting towards extinction due to loss of its lands and functions, fear activists.\"The formation of the board appears to be for the purpose of grabbing not only comunidade land but also water-logged land owned by others along river banks,\" says association of components of comunidades secretary Andre Pereira.The association is fighting to save the institution of comunidades.Evolved on the concept of sharing of land by communities much before the advent of the Portuguese, the state once boasted 223 comunidades.Gradual loss of land for public utility projects and encroachments has seen the number dwindle to 123 bodies across the state. \"The activities of comunidades have come to a halt and there is no zono or dividend for members as no revenue is generated,\" Pereira said.The community-based sharing of land is the highest form of land ownership, says Abhijit Prabhudesai of Goenchea Xetkareancho Ekvott. \"It is fulfilling and gives one a sense of freedom when they walk on the bunds in khazan lands,\" he said.Stakeholders foresee radical changes in the institutional setup of comunidades, which they say even the Portuguese acknowledged and provided space to function. \"The acquisition of community owned lands and replacement of the age-old structure is in violation of this hoary principle and will take away the sense of security enjoyed by Goan communities in the past,\" Prabhudesai said.Comunidade leaders have raised apprehensions about the fate of comunidades after the bill is enacted. \"The government should think of ways to utilize khazan lands to productive use,\" Calapor comunidade attorney Mariano Araujo said.As per Articles 5 and 648 of code of comunidades, the state is under statutory obligation to provide guardianship and to restore the centuries-old comunidade system.The involvement of the political class, bureaucrats and non-representation to farmers or comunidade members spells doom for comunidades. \"They will only remain on paper, but comunidades will lose control over their lands as agricultural land was the last parcel of land they possessed,\" Pereira said.Prabhudesai said a decision affecting the lives and livelihoods of thousands of Goans should have been discussed through a participative process. \"It was a system which had proved to be successful for thousands of years, except for the recent collapse after liberation,\" Prabhudesai said.The draft of the board act should have been circulated to gram sabhas, tenants associations and comunidade bodies, feel activists. \"They are the custodians of the local land and it should have been put up for discussion at their level,\" council for social justice and peace (CSJP) executive secretary Fr Savio Fernandes said.A water resources department official allayed apprehensions raised by stakeholders, stating that the draft act has been kept for suggestions from the public. \"It is yet to be approved by the cabinet and introduced in the assembly as a legislation,\" the official said.Justifying the setting up of a body dedicated to the restoration and maintenance of dykes, the official said it was a long-felt requirement to protect khazan lands. \"Half of the khazan lands in Goa are in a state of submergence and neglect,\" the official said.Denying that the act will be adopted fully, the source said, \"The government will surely consider the people's views before taking a final decision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17563520", "title": "Heat on babu for 'hiding' facts to pave way for South Bombay project", "text": "MUMBAI: Sending a stern message that it will not take lapses in environmental issues lightly, the National Green Tribunal (NGT) has, for the first time, sought action against a senior bureaucrat. The NGT is an independent judicial authority on environment al issues.Stating that the action of the then secretary of the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) Sanjay Khandare was \"unbecoming of a responsible officer\", the NGT has directed the state chief secretary to take penal action against the bureaucrat for suppressing facts and not acting against a builder who had admitted to violating environment laws.Khandare is currently the chief of Nashik civic body.The NGT has further directed the State Environment Impact Assessment Authority (SEIAA) and the MPCB to take penal action against the Andheri-based consortium of Skylark Buildcon and Vrinda Enterprises for violating environment rules. The NGT passed this order recently while hearing an appeal filed by some of the slumdwellers of Nehru Nagar in Worli against SEIAA's decision to allow the consortium to amalgamate three plots and grant environment clearance (EC) in 2009 to the slum scheme without public hearing.Though the NGT said the EC granted to the project was as per rules, it accepted the slumdwellers' argument that the SEIAA could not have granted the EC if Khandare had not suppressed the fact that the MPCB had issued stop-work notice to the consortium which had admitted to demolishing slums and starting construction without the EC. The NGT said it is difficult to accept Khandare's explanation that he could not have voiced his opinion during the SEIAA meeting as he was a mere invitee when \"it was his duty to point out the correct facts\".State chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia said he cannot comment till he reads the order. \"I will hear Khandare's explanation before taking action against him,\" said Bandhia.The MPCB is planning to challenge the NGT's decision in the Supreme Court.Debi Goenka , excutive trustee of Conservation Action Trust, welcomed the decision, saying it was a signal to bureaucrats not to rely on political patronage and give decisions as per rules.Khandare said defended his decision, saying there was no mala fide intention in not taking action against the builder. \"I was a mere invitee to the meeting of the SEIAA, which follows an independent evaluation process. Though I am also involved in environment rules, my opinion would not have had any effect on SEIAA and so I did not say anything. I attended the SEIAA meeting as the MPCB does not, at many times, come to know what orders are passed by the SEIAA. In fact, The stop-work notice was issued not only for not having the EC, but also for not fulfilling some MPCB norms. I had , during this period, issued many stop-work notices as builders, knowingly or unknowingly, were carrying out construction without the EC,'' Khandare told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17563582", "title": "Traffic diversions jam major roads", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Commuters in the city had a harrowing time negotiating traffic diversions following the stir by Gana Sikhyaks at Lower PMG Square here on Monday. The vehicles remained stranded for nearly two hours at the intersection with not a single traffic cop in sight.Most vehicles turned off the engine near the Reserve Bank of India after being diverted from the Lower PMG. The commuters had to take a detour from the back side of the bank negotiating traffic coming from the opposite direction. \"Whenever there is a rally or an agitation at the Lower PMG, we are trapped at this intersection for at least half an hour. The ongoing drain work has narrowed down the road adding to the mess,\" said Sobhan Patnaik, a commuter. Had commuters not volunteered to clear the traffic, the long queue would have continued till the evening, he added.\"We are forced to divert vehicles during rallies but it hardly serves the purpose with traffic from three routes converging at the Reserve Bank intersection jamming the road,\" said ACP (traffic) Binod Dash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17565581", "title": "Cable thieves throw connections into disarray", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Unidentified miscreants stole around 800 pairs of BSNL cables and caused inconvenience to more than 200 residents of Sector 20. The theft disconnected more than 600 telephone connections, mostly in sectors 20B and 20C. The theft came to light when agitated residents confronted BSNL authorities in Sector 17 with their grouse and queries on Monday.Acting promptly on the complaints, BSNL officials have started installing fresh cables at different locations, from which cables were stolen. Sudhir Pandey of Sector 20B said, \"My landline connection had stopped working for last 18 hours and similar problem was being faced by five other families, who reside in my locality. Some landline connections have become dysfunction for the last three days.\"Sources in BSNL said, \"Around 600 telephone connections were affected due to the thefts and there is a possibility that around 800 pairs of cables were stolen during the last fortnight. Prima facie, miscreants steal the cables posing themselves technician attached with BSNL.\" Preliminary investigation of BSNL officials revealed cables were stolen from duct and it was the handiwork of some men who are expert in the job.General Manager (GM) Telecom, BSNL, J S Sahota, said, \"We are trying our best to restore the connectivity and people are requested to be vigilant, and inform local police and BSNL authorities whenever they encounter any cable work being carried out during the night. BSNL employees always work during the day time.\"The BSNL authority is yet to lodge a police complaint in this regard. DSP (east) Vijay Kumar said action would be taken after receiving formal complaint in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17565490", "title": "Ludhiana wants Sehwag or Kohli as test captain", "text": "LUDHIANA: After its losing spree against England, the Indian cricket team has failed expectations and are facing criticism from the cricket-crazy Indians. While questions are being raised on Dhoni's captaincy, the pressure is building on him to step down from test captaincy.Young cricketers of the city talks to TOI about who could be a better captain or if there is a need for Dhoni to step down at all. A majority, however, believes the Indian test captain needs to be replaced, as Dhoni is not working as hard as he worked for the World Cup. When it comes to options, Sehwag and Kohli, both the Delhi aces are up on the fans' wish list for the tough job.Though Dhoni won the World Cup and the T20 Cup for India, he has exhibited poor captainship in the test matches off late. His failure against England in the home series was a huge disappointment. He should step down as the test captain and lead the ODI team alone. The best replacement for him could be either Sehwag or Kohli, as both these players are aggressive and hard working. Sehwag's experience, according to me, gives him an edgePrabhdanvir Singh, 12 | all rounder from civil lines, bcm arya, shastri nagarDhoni had worked hard for the World Cup, but he doesn't seem to be putting that much effort as a test captain. He seems to have lost grip over the team and has not been able to get 100% from them, which is why the team is losing even at home. I think Sehwag, with all the experience and aggression, would be a better replacementManjot Singh, 11 | all rounder from dugri phase III, drishthi public schoolMSD has all the qualities of a successful captain and should not be replaced. Instead, he should sit down with the team and introspect about their failure at home. He is the one who lead the ODI team to win the World Cup and he can take the test team at numero uno position if he works hard. If at all he is replaced, the best option would be Virat KohliArjun Puri, 12 | all rounder from BRS nagar h block, kvm, civil linesDhoni hasn't been able to utilize his bowlers and batsmen judiciously and even the fielding is not up to the mark. This is why they lost the test matches at home as well. I think Sachin Tendulkar , with his experience and class, will make a better captain than DhoniHarkaran Vir Singh, 10 | right-hand batsman from sunet, dav, sarabha nagarI believe MSD has stopped concentrating on test matches and is instead focusing on ODI and T20.With Dravid and Laxman already retired, Dhoni should have boosted the youngsters' morale. I think his best replacement would be Yuvraj Singh , who fought cancer and even scored runs after returning to the ground. His fighting spirit is commendableHarman Singh, 9 | leg spinner from pakhowal road, dav public school, sarabha nagarI think Virender Sehwag , because of his experience and class, would be the perfect replacement for MSD, who failed miserably in test matches. The fact that we lost in Eden Garden after 13 years is a shame for the Indian cricket team and its supporters. While his own performance is out of form, he failed event to motivate his team matesKaranveer Singh | 10 | all rounder from shamsher avenue, dps, ludhiana", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "17565556", "title": "Eight of wedding party die as Sumo runs into truck", "text": "NADIA: Eight persons were killed and four injured when the Tata Sumo they were travelling in collided with a truck at Ghateswarpur crossing in Dhubulia police station area on Monday morning, said Nadia SP Sabyasachi Raman Mishra. The accident occurred when the victims were returning from a wedding. The bride and groom who got married the day before, however, escaped unhurt as they were travelling in a separate car.At 6am on Monday, three Tata Sumos headed for Lalbagh in Murshidabad from Nadia's Hanshkhali after the wedding of Shampa and Parimal Halder. The vehicles were carrying the newly-weds and relatives and friends of the groom's family.While two of the cars had gone ahead, the third one that met with the accident was lagging behind.According to witness Liakat Seikh, the Sumo was at a very high speed and trying to overtake a truck. It was at this time that a truck from the opposite direction collided head on with the Sumo.Those travelling in the other cars had no inkling about the accident. Parimal's friend Pradip said, \"When we reached Palashi, we made a call to find out where the vehicle had reached. The call was received by police.\" The victims were identified as Parimal's father Palan Halder, Paresh Halder, Someswar Halder, Amit Halder, Upendranath Halder, Himadri Shankar Das, Mrinmoy Mondal, and Minaz Seikh, the driver of the car.8 persons were killed and 4 other were injured when a vehicle ( Tata Sumo ) collided with a truck at Ghateswarpur crossing under Dhubulia Police Station in Nadia on NH 34 at about 6 am. on Monday, Nadia Police super Sabyasachi Raman Mishra said. The injured persons were rushed to Dhubulia Hospital and they latter on were referred to Shaktinagar Hospital with critical conditions.The Tata Sumo was returning to Lalbagh in Murshdabad. There were 12 persons in the vehicle and they were returning from a wedding ceremony at Ramnagar under Hanskhali Police Station in Nadia.There was the wedding ceremony of Shampa, the daughter of Shristi Charan Halder of Hanskhali Ramnagar with one Parimal Halder of Lalbagh. The family members and relatives were returning home after complition of the wedding ceremony. Sources said that the father elder brother of father of Parimal were there in the victim list.According to the eye witness Liakat Seikh( who was working in an agricultural field near by the spot of accident) the Sumo was with a tremendus speed and trying to over take a truck. At that time another truck from opposite direction appeared before the sumo and collided head on. \" We heard a great sound and see the vehicles to collide. We rush the spot and cried to gather more people for rescue the injured. We sent 4 of them to hospital but meanwhile eight persons were died before us,\" Liakat said.Police seized both the vehicle but truck driver absconded, police sources said.There were total 3 sumo which came from Murshidabad Lalgola Krishnapur to Hanshkhali in Nadia for wedding.Parimal Halder came to Nadia to marry Sulekha Halder. After complition of the ceremony the three sumo started to back early on Monday including bride and bride groom . While two of the vehicle were advanced of about 30 Km. the rest got involved in to the accident. Parimal has recently got the job of Gramin Bank.Pradip Halder the friend of Parimal said,\" I was in another Sumo and we had reached at Palashi. One of us made a phone call to know the location of the vehicle and the call was received by police. They informed us about the accident.\" Another relative Kanika Burman said,\" Palan Halder, the father of Parimal also died in the accident.\"The victims are identified as below.Palan Halder (48), the father of Parimal ( deep tube operator) Paresh Halder (42) ( electric shop owner ) Someswar Halder ( 55) ( fruit shop owner) Amit Halder ( 19) ( B.A. 1st year student) Upendranath Halder ( 56) weiver Himadri Shankar Das (26) ,Kolkata Police Reserve Force worker Mrinmoy Mondal (19) of Nadia's Shaktinagar Anjanpara ( a Jangee worker) and Minaz Seikh ( Driver , 24) of Murshidabad Jangipur.While Mrinmoy ( relative) and Minaz were from different places, the rest victims were from Murshidabad Lagola and most were the relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564691", "title": "Protocol upgrade plan for MPs put in deep freeze?", "text": "NEW DELHI: After their plans for beacon lights on vehicles went awry, parliamentarians are unlikely to get an upgrade in the protocol anytime soon.The Centre has constituted a sub-committee to look into the recommendation that MPs be put at par with 'chief justices of high courts (outside their jurisdiction)' and chairpersons of four statutory commissions/tribunals in the warrant of precedence. The government has, in fact, clubbed various demands for change in protocol for a holistic examination.According to the home ministry, the recommendation of the parliamentary panel on privileges to put MPs at par with chief justices would require consultation with the Chief Justice of India, as laid out in a key Supreme Court judgment.The tricky nature of the case, with obvious sensitivities for the judiciary, has resulted in the ministry handing over the issue to a sub-panel headed by the home secretary.Calling it a \"delicate balance\" between various dignitaries, sources said the alteration of protocol requires thorough examination and the sub-panel's recommendation will be considered by the 'committee on table of precedence' that is in place in the home ministry to decide on the issue. The order of precedence is followed for official courtesies like seating arrangement in official functions.The decision for minute study of the issue is being interpreted as government putting the matter in cold storage. After the refusal to give beacons on cars, this is the second blow to Parliament members anxious for an elevation in protocol.The MPs are placed 21st in the protocol list, below ambassadors, certain officials and chairpersons of statutory bodies. The privileges panel said the members be put at par with 'chief justices of high courts outside their jurisdiction', arguing the list does not reflect the correct standing of responsibilities.The pause in promotion in protocol follows Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's decision to nix the plan to allow parliamentarians to use beacon lights on cars. The diktat from the UPA chief scuppered the informally sewn agreement between representatives of MPs and the home ministry.The home ministry had agreed to permit MPs to use beacons with the exception of VIP area of Delhi (New Delhi region), as first reported by TOI.However, Sonia told a Congress parliamentary party meeting that the move would be unpopular with people. \"As Congress president, I cannot accept this,\" she told the MPs.With beacons gone, the MPs have been banking on a leg-up in protocol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17564542", "title": "Alien tree species pose a threat to Eastern Ghats", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Forest biodiversity in the Eastern Ghats is undergoing a tremendous change. Experts at the department of environmental sciences, Andhra University, believe that the hilly slopes in the district are changing for the worse.The department of environmental sciences estimates that over 80,000 acres of forest land has been permanently destroyed in the last 32 years alone (from 1980-2012). In addition to this, biodiversity in the deciduous forests on the hilly slopes of the Eastern Ghats in the district has virtually gone for a toss.Pointing out that diversity in flora has a new meaning today, Professor A Solomon Raju said, \"Intrusive non-native species are taking over the forest cover and artificial block plantations in many pockets of our reserve are threatening the existence of seasonal native plants in many 'forested' areas.\"Over a period of time, many block plantations of tree species like Eucalyptus and timber trees such as Cashew rina have been introduced in the reserve area, resulting in erosion of endemic species peculiar to the Eastern Ghats like Native Basil, Fida, Justicia, Borreria and Merremia that help in soil conservation, increase moisture level and produce organic matter which helps trap carbon.Agreeing to this, N Govinda Rao, a biotechnologist from Andhra University said that the introduction of foreign species in a specific and sensitive ecosystem must be done carefully and care must be taken to ensure that they are friendly towards the ecosystem and not intrusive.According to experts, the forests in Eastern Ghats are unique, in the sense that they are the most ancient forest cover in the subcontinent. More importantly, thanks to the solid bedrock, they house a vast number of tree species.The three-tier structure of the forest is predominantly tree based and supported by shrub and herbaceous cover which is conducive to supporting life forms of great variance. The undulating and gentle sloping nature of the Ghats makes it ideal to support a three-tier forest, said sources at the environmental sciences department.Elaborating on this, professor Solomon Raju said, \"The very sloping nature of the Ghats makes a three-tier forest absolutely necessary. The seasonal herbaceous species such as Hyptis and Ocymm are extremely eco-friendly, in the sense that they not only help bind the soil and absorb rain water but also act as generators of organic matter that help the forest sustain.\"Moreover, the sub-tropical nature of the climate ensures that species found in different climatic zones can make a home in the Eastern Ghats. However, experts fear that the very existence of forests in the Eastern Ghats is being threatened due to various reasons today.The introduction of non-friendly species such as Eucalyptus and Cashew rina is spelling doom for the ethnic nature of the forest, even as illegal mining, excessive urbanisation and shifting cultivation in addition to illegal logging could actually wipe out the forest cover for good, experts pointed out.\"Almost three species of butterflies have been wiped out and honey bees too are a threatened lot. If we do not act today and protect our forest cover, the implications would be serious as pollination itself could be affected. This means that food production would be drastically affected in the long run,\" warned Dr Govind Rao.However, forest department officials defended the decision to opt for quick growing plantations of Acacia, Cashew rina, Eucalyptus, Prosopis (Thumma) and Coffee because the focus was on regenerating tree and land cover in completely denuded areas. \"We also need to take into consideration the fact that these trees have a commercial value. After all we cannot have the locals in conflict with the ecosystem. In the process, we try to find a balance. Environmentalists might say that we are compromising, but at least we are doing our bit to regenerate forest cover. At the end of the day, the block plantations can be slowly replaced by a natural forest cover.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568830", "title": "Ranbir should get engaged, Shahid shouldn't in 2013", "text": "In 2013, numerologist predicts Vidya will not have Shaadi Ke Side Effects, Ranbir should get engaged, Shahid should avoid commitment and Rani should finally settle down.It's that time of the year when most of us would be inquisitive to know how 2013 will treat us. We get numerologist to predict how fruitful 2013 will be for our very own movie stars.\"Numerologically, the year 2013 (2 + 0 + 1 + 3 = 6) will come under the dominance of Number 6 - Venus (shukra) - the planet of love, harmony, peace and sex. Considered to be one of the most glamourous numbers, all persons born on dates 6, 15, or 24 of any month are ruled by Venus\", says astro-numerologist Bhavikk Sangghvi.1) Hrithik Roshan (10th January 1974): superhero success with Krrish 3 Hrithik is primarily ruled by the most powerful star - the Sun (Number 1). Being a Capricorn, he is also ruled by Number 8 (Saturn) and his destiny number adds to Number 5 (Mercury). Hrithik will now be entering the 40th year of his life which indicates a productive year ahead of him. On the film front, his most ambitious venture 'Krrish 3' will break all previous box office records and create new benchmarks in terms of net collections. After that in the remake of 'Knight and Day', he will once again shine in a light hearted role and even the film will do well at the ticket window.2) Aishwarya Rai (1stNovember 1973): work over family 'Mommy' Ash is ruled by Number 1 (Sun), Number 9 (Mars - Scorpio) and Number 5 (Mercury). Being in her 40th year indicates that she will 'strike back' with full power and resume work after a much needed break. She will bag a plum project in 2013 and will be shooting for a major part of the year so she can have a release in 2014. On the negative side, this may take a toll on her mental well-being as she will be missing her one-year old daughter Aaradhya, hubby Abhishek and her in-laws a lot during this time giving rise to bouts of depression and loneliness. Wearing a 'Red Coral' in gold on her ring finger will help her bringing out the right balance in her life and also stop unnecessary delays if any.3) Vidya Balan (1st January 1978): Shaadi Ke 'No' Side Effects Vidya is ruled by Number 1 (Sun), Number 8 (Saturn - Capricorn) and her 'destiny' number adds up to Number 9 (Mars). With her newly acquired marital status, Vidya will now be entering the 36thyear of her life which indicates a new phase of her life bringing positive results. Her match with producer beau Siddharth Roy Kapur is a good one and they should have a blissful wedded life ahead. On the film front, her next release 'Ghanchakkar' with Emraan Hashmi and then 'Shaadi Ke Side Effects' will be doing well. Not to mention her performance which will be appreciated as usual by one and all. Wearing an 'Emerald' will help her bring in that fine balance between her work commitments and domestic priorities.4) Ranbir Kapoor (28th September 1982): should get engaged by September Ranbir comes under the direct influence of Number 1 (Sun), is also ruled by Number 6 (Venus - Libra) and Number 3 (Jupiter). In his 31st year, it is good time for Ranbir on the professional front, but a 'confusing' state on the personal side. He needs to or rather will have to choose the correct life partner for himself before September this year and if possible get engaged. Wearing a 'Yellow Sapphire' made in gold on his right hand index finger on a Thursday evening (one hour before sunset) will help him remain focused and head to the right direction. On the film front, he would grab all the major awards for delivering an outstanding performance in his last release 'Barfi!' His next 'Yeh Jawani Hai Deewani' will be commercially successful. So will be 'Besharam', 'Bombay Velvet' and then Imtiaz Ali's untitled venture. His current name spelling is adding up to Number 40 which is not a positive number and hence he should spell his name as RANBIR R. KAPOOR for best results.5) Amitabh Bachchan (11th October 1942): take care of health This legendary super star is ruled by Numbers 2 and 7 (Moon and Ketu), Number 6 (Libra -ruler Venus) and his compound number adds up to Number 1 (Sun). Being in his 71st year once again focuses on his health matters and indicates complications especially with his liver and stomach related issues. But since the year 2013 which adds up to Number 6 (Venus) is one of his strongest numbers, he will come out of all this safely. On the film front, the long delayed 'Shoebite' will fail to attract the audience and even his role in the Hollywood film 'The Great Gatsby' will be questioned due to its short length. All in all, a roller coaster ride for Big B this year. By wearing a 'Ruby' in gold, he will be able to fight his over anxiety or at least control it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "17566174", "title": "Farmers withdraw stir, for now", "text": "MANDYA: Though normalcy returns in Mandya district, farmers are keeping their fingers crossed as the long drawn legal battle continues over Cauvery water.On Monday, farmers withdrew their agitation following a truce between district administration and Mandya Zilla Raita Hitarakshana Samiti. Having understood that the state cannot escape the Supreme Court's directives to release water to Tamil Nadu , MZRHS president G Made Gowda withdrew the agitation but with a rider that they would resume if the crest gates of the KRS were not closed after releasing the stipulated amount of water.\"We have withheld our agitation for the time being. We are very sad about not protecting the scarce water, but the court order prevails. The district administration has promised us that release of water will be stopped from Monday. If the state government releases water as per the directions of the Cauvery Monitoring Committee (CMC), violent and fierce agitation would be launched across the state,\" he told mediapersons.Made Gowda downplayed the poor response from farmers to his 'KRS Reservoir Chalo' call given on Sunday. He said his call to lay siege to KRS reservoir was symbolic and farmers knew of it.\"There is no reason to suspect Cauvery agitation is dying in Mandya. The river is the lifeline of the district's economic activities. How can farmers give up their fight? Sunday's agitation was not a flop show. It was a symbolic rally, which is why a large number of farmers did not participate,\" he said.Meanwhile, water level in the reservoir dipped to 92.55 ft against the maximum level of 124.84 ft. On Monday, the outflow was minimized to 7,000 cusec from 10,000 cusec. The inflow was 2,027 cusecs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17565809", "title": "HC notice to Haryana over changes in affordable housing policy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking cognizance of a petition, charging the Haryana government of allowing participation by private builders in a housing scheme meant for economic weaker sections of society, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday issued notices to the state government, seeking their raised contentions.A division bench comprising Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice R K Jain has also put director, town &amp; country planning, Haryana, on notice after hearing a PIL filed by Jiwan Singh, a resident of Khedla village in Gurgaon district.The petitioner submitted that in May 2009, Haryana government formulated and published a policy for affordable housing with an objective to provide dwelling units to people belonging to lower and middle income category.Of these, 40,000 were to be built in Gurgaon, 30,000 in Faridabad and Panchkula and the remaining 30,000 in places like Rohtak, Hissar, Panipat, and Sonipat. While Gurgaon was stated to be a high potential zone, the rest were considered medium and low potential zones.Later, the state government issued an amendment allowing private builders to obtain licences under the said policy.The PIL argued that the town and country planning department reportedly granted licenses under the policy to a private builder in Sector 91/Sector 92, Gurgaon and thereafter allowed him to convert the licence to develop the same land as a plotted colony/project, contrary to the policy provisions. Many private developers/builders applied for development of projects other than the one envisaged under the policy, on/for the same land, for which licence had originally been granted under the policy and the department is now in the process of allowing the same illegally and in violation of the rights created under the policy, it said.The petitioner argued that by allowing private builders under the policy, interests of middle and lower income classes of general public get affected.A large number of people in Haryana belong to middle and lower income class of the general public and are similarly placed like the petitioner in not having their own residential houses in view of the exorbitant prices of dwelling units, he further stated.The case would now come up for hearing on February 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564460", "title": "IIT experts to supervise equipment in govt hospitals", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has decided to rope in experts from IIT Delhi to oversee the technical work in its hospitals vis-a-vis installation and maintenance of medical equipments and the gas manifold system among others. Health minister A K Walia said the decision has been taken in view of the incident at Sushruta Trauma Centre where malfunction in oxygen supply system led to the death of four critically-ill patients.\"We will set also up a bio-engineering cell at the state level in Maulana Azad Medical College with inputs and support from the Delhi IIT. The cell will examine the existing system and lay down procedure for its up-gradation in the hospitals,\" Walia said.He said that every day new technologies are being added to the health infrastructure in the city but the manpower being used to run the same needs rigorous training. \"In case of outsourcing, as was the case with the gas manifold system at the trauma centre, we have asked the medical superintendents of all hospitals to critically examine such and ensure whether the staff posted is qualified to perform the job or not,\" Walia added.A four-member Committee under the chairmanship of Dr Arun Kumar Agarwal, Dean, Maulana Azad Medical College has also been constituted to review the existing medical procedures and facilities and make recommendations for modernization, strengthening and up-gradation of the system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17566305", "title": "Chinese artist for Kochi biennale under house arrest", "text": "KOCHI: He was to be one of the star artists of the first-ever Kochi-Muziris Biennale. But for connoisseurs who were waiting to see Ai Weiwei's works there is bad news. The Chinese government has placed this dissident artist under house arrest, and the chances of him visiting the city are minimal.The man who designed the Beijing stadium for the 2008 Olympics and whose short film 'Never Sorry' is shortlisted for Oscars 2013 would have been part of the event if everything had gone ahead as planned. Ai Weiwei was so hooked to the idea of the biennale in the heritage city that he wanted to do something special for the event. It was at the South Korea Biennale that the Kochi biennale organisers, Bose Krishnamachari and Riyas Komu, met the master artist, known for his sculptures, installations, photography, curated works and architecture as well as his social and political criticism.\"He was very interested in the concept of the biennale in Kochi, and said that the addition of heritage to the event would make it a talking point,\" says Bose Krishnamachari. \"It was the Muziris excavation project that excited him and he was planning to do a work at Pattanam,\" said Bose, adding that the event would showcase two video works of Weiwei even if he cannot make it to the show.Recently, Weiwei was in the news for making a parody of Gangnam style, highlighting the absence of freedom in China. Weiwei, who was one of the runners-up for Time's Person of the Year award last year, was given the Human Rights Foundation's Vaclav Havel Prize for creative dissent this year. And this month, his work, A Ton of Tea, was the centre of attraction at the Bristol Museum and Art Gallery. It was, as the name suggests, a block of dried and compressed leaves of the favourite brew.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17564194", "title": "Cash transfer: FP shop owners to go on strike", "text": "RAJKOT: Fair Price Shops Owners Association (FPSOA) will observe a day's strike on Tuesday across Gujarat to protest against Centre's plan to transfer cash subsidy directly to FPS customers' bank accounts.FPSOA's (Saurashtra zone) general secretary Narendra Dav said more than 24,800 fair price shop owners will keep their shops closed in protest. There are 8,500 fair price shops owners in Saurashtra. \"The Union government scheme makes no reference to the families of fair price shops owners. What would be their fate? We are also opposed to foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail. Our commission for kerosene has not been increased and we get 18 per cent less quantity of it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17564871", "title": "Two held for abducting contractor; pistol seized", "text": "PUNE: The Pune rural police on Saturday arrested two men for allegedly abducting a contractor and extorting Rs 1 lakh from him. The suspects had also stolen centring material, worth Rs 40 lakh, owned by the contractor and sold it at a throwaway price.The police identified the two as Arvind alias Hrishikesh Adsul (21) and Aba alias Narendra Prakash Adsul (29), both from Parvati Darshan. They have recovered Rs 12 lakh worth centring material from the duo while their third accomplice is yet to be traced.Nitinkumar Gokave, police inspector of the local crime branch of the Pune rural police, said Aba Adsul was working as a supervisor with the contractor, Shivprasad Balasaheb Kolampalli (23), of Bibvewadi.\"In November, Aba Adsul called Kolampalli and told him to come near Khadi machine chowk in Kondhwa on the pretext of some work. When Kolampalli reached the place, Aba and his two accomplices forced him into a car and took him to Bopdeo ghat. There they forced Kolampalli to sign on a stamp paper on which they had mentioned that Kolampalli owed them money,\" Gokave said.The suspects then called Kolampalli's mother and demanded Rs 1 lakh for releasing him. After receiving the money, they dropped him at the same chowk and fled. \"Later, they also stole Kolampalli's centring material from one of his construction sites in Undri,\" Gokave added.Kolampalli, initially, did not approach the police as his abductors had threatened to kill him. \"However, when the suspects started threatening him again, he lodged a complaint,\" Gokave said.\"We have recovered a pistol and two cartridges from Aba Adsul and Arvind Adsul,\" Gokave said. Investigations have revealed that the accused had sold the stolen material, a part of which was recovered. Aba Adsul has previous criminal record. He has cases of dacoity and body offences registered against him, Gokave added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17299583", "title": "Liberty in peril: India may be a democracy, but do ordinary people have the right to free speech?", "text": "Is India only a limited edition democracy? Where one law applies to politicians, and another to ordinary people? By arresting two girls for posting a political comment on a Facebook page \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one of them merely for sharing the other's post \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a terrible message is being sent to the country's citizens, most of all to its young people. At the same time we are used to the spectacle of politicians hurling abuse at one another, parliamentary or otherwise, in parliament or outside. Are there then two distinct standards of freedom of expression in the country \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one for the privileged political elite, and another for common citizens?This point was underlined by the charges under which the girls were initially arrested \u00e2\u20ac\u201d offending religious sentiments \u00e2\u20ac\u201d when in reality the post is just an oblique criticism of Mumbai being shut down due to the death, from natural causes, of a political leader (without mentioning either Bal Thackeray or Shiv Sena , let alone any religion, by name). If this is deemed offensive to religious sentiments, do we take it that from now on, political groups are to be considered on the same plane as religious deities? Such an interpretation would outlaw, at one stroke, all political criticism. Perhaps realising the absurdity of the charge, the police changed it later to another one of creating hatred or ill will.But that's hardly much improvement. If an innocuous Facebook post can be construed as causing offence or creating hatred and ill will, any political speech except the most anodyne is liable to get a citizen arrested. And our main difference from Taliban-influenced parts of Pakistan would be that there they shoot girls who speak up, here we arrest them. Meanwhile politicians routinely get away with vandalism and violence of the worst kind. Such institutionalised double standards, in fact, reward violence and lawlessness on the part of organised political groups. It's no accident there's plenty of political violence going around in India.If we want to stop such violence, we must question these double standards. One way of doing this is to have more reasonable laws, and water down more draconian provisions that authorities are liable to abuse. If Bal Thackeray can be praised for being forthright, surely ordinary people have that right too. There's a case as well for the Supreme Court taking suo motu cognisance of the girls' arrest, enquiring into whether it was carried out on wrongful grounds and punishing anyone found guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17563647", "title": "Pyarimohan Mohapatra moves apex court seeking relief", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: BJD Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra, who moved the Supreme Court on Monday seeking a directive to the party to intimate Parliament about his present status, hopes to get relief as granted by the court earlier to two other members - Jaya Prada and Amar Singh .Mohapatra moved the SC after finding out that BJD president and chief minister Naveen Patnaik has so far not intimated the Rajya Sabha about his expulsion in writing, thereby showing on record that he is still in the party but, in effect, restricting his rights to function as an MP, including participating in debates and voting.Earlier, Jaya Prada and Singh had approached the apex court apprehending that they might lose their membership in Parliament in the aftermath of their expulsion from the Samajwadi Party against the backdrop of the Supreme Court's earlier decision in the G Viswanathan Vs TN Legislative Assembly case. The court, in the Viswanathan case, had ruled that joining another party after expulsion could amount to voluntary abandonment of membership of the parent party.While hearing Singh's and Jaya Prada's cases, the apex court had said it was \"convinced that the decision in the G Viswanathan case merits another look as far as the members of the House , who were expelled from their parties are concerned, as they would be left completely vulnerable to the whims and fancies of the leaders of their parties. The apex court referred the matter to a larger bench to decide, among others, the status of the expelled members in either Parliament or in the state legislatures. The court, pending decision of the issue by the larger bench, ruled that the decision in the Viswanathan case would not be applied to Jaya Prada and Singh.Mohapatra feels he stands on the same footing as Jaya Prada and Singh and hopes to get relief from the apex court to function like an MP outside the ambit of the BJD, notwithstanding the CM not informing Parliament in writing about his expulsion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17565561", "title": "Govt nod to convert forest land into park", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Residents of Zirakpur have a reason to smile as the forest department will soon convert a portion of forest land into a park. Over 15,000 people residing in 11 societies will be able to use it.The societies which came up on the Peer Muchalla road of Zirakpur do not have any area which can be developed into a park. Almost all the open space are being covered with soil. This has left no place where the kids can play. The elderly too are unable to jog or do yoga in their society. In the absence of any open space, the residents had been demanding to convert a small portion of the forest land into a park. Hundreds of acres of forest land are lying vacant right next to these societies in Peer Muchalla. Around 1km of forest land will now be converted into park.Forest minister of Punjab Surjit Kumar Jyani said some residents had met him and as their demand was genuine, it has been decided to convert about 1km of land into park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kannauj, up", "code": "17569271", "title": "Boy dies after being beaten up by teacher in UP", "text": "KANNAUJ, UP: In a case of brutal corporal punishment, a 10-year-old boy died allegedly after being beaten up by his teacher in Bilsahaiganj area in the district.Sajid, a Class V student at Lakhi Public School in Azad Nagar, was allegedly beaten up by his teacher Rahul over some issue yesterday, police said today.Later the teacher took Sajid to his home after which the boy was admitted to a private hospital where he died.On the complaint of Sajid's father, a case has been lodged.Station House Officer O P Singh said the matter was being investigated.The incident comes a week after a 10-year-old boy died after being allegedly beaten up by his two teachers at a government primary school at Pathakheda in Madhya Pradesh's Betul district.Aslam Ansari, a Class IV student, was allegedly beaten by his two teachers-- Birju Kumar Sonaria and Vijay Ram Bhagat following which he suffered critical back bone and neck injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17565436", "title": "BJP releases charter of issues for Congress", "text": "JAIPUR: The state BJP on Monday released a 'black paper' with a charter of issues concerning the development and security in the state for the ruling party to refer.State BJP said, the aim behind releasing the 18-point charter was to provide Congress with some 'food for thought'.\"Congress is expected to hold a major development seminar on Wednesday to celebrate four years in office and we request them to deliberate on these issues as well,'' said BJP spokesperson Jyoti Kiran.Highlighting the deteriorating law and order situation in the state, BJP has demanded immediate measures to curb increasing crimes like chain-snatching and atrocities against women. Other issues raised by the party include the dipping GDP, state falling into the category of Least Development Zone in human development, high child mortality rate, poor infrastructure and failed governance.\"The state government keeps talking of its flagship programmes and claims they are all being successfully implemented, but there is no audit data on these schemes,'' said Kiran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17563707", "title": "Woman hurt as college bus runs into crowd", "text": "CHENNAI: A 40-year-old woman was injured on Monday morning when a private college bus ran into a crowd of passengers waiting at a bus stop in Tambaram. The bus came to a halt after hitting another private college bus that was coming in the opposite direction. The injured woman, N Punitha of Somangalam, was admitted to a private hospital in Tambaram. Traffic was disrupted for a while as angry passengers blocked the road demanding action against the driver.Based on witness accounts, police said the bus belonging to the Dhanalakshmi Engineering College in Manimangalam near Tambaram was returning after dropping students at the college when the accident happened. The driver lost control while trying to overtake an MTC bus that had halted at the bus stop. Another MTC bus headed in the opposite direction had stopped parallel to the spot, and the engineering college bus driver had limited space to manoeuvre.The driver, N Jayaraman, then spotted a bus of the Sairam Engineering College bus headed towards him and panicked. He swerved to the right and ploughed through a crowd waiting at the bus stop. Many of them ran for their lives. The bus stopped after hitting the Sairam Engineering College bus. Jayaraman fled and angry passengers and local residents pelted stones at the bus and damaged its windshield. The passengers later staged a 'road-roko.' On receiving the information, senior police personnel went to the scene. The protesters dispersed after police promised action against the bus driver.The Somangalam police registered a case under Section 308 (attempt to commit culpable homicide) of the Indian Penal Code and arrested bus Jayaraman of West Tambaram and the college transport in-charge S Paranthaman, 45.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17564558", "title": "Telangana Political Joint Action Committee plans to step up Telangana momentum", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a bid to keep the Telangana momentum high in the backdrop of the all-party meeting slated for December 28, the Telangana Political Joint Action Committee (T-JAC) is all set to call for a bandh in the region on December 27.Although no announcement to this effect was made, T-JAC sources said this was decided upon at the steering committee meeting held here on Monday in which the representatives of the three political parties, TRS, BJP and New Democracy, also took part. The idea of a bandh on December 27 is to keep the focus of the entire region on the all-party meeting slated to happen the next day, the sources said.The T-JAC has also set December 26 as the deadline for the political parties to come clear in public on their Telangana stance. It also made it clear that the parties should stick to the same.\"We have decided not to allow the Centre to get away with its political ploy of calling an all-party meeting and not deciding anything concrete on Telangana. So, the T-JAC has planned for public demonstrations in a big way on December 27 and 28. We have also issued an ultimatum to the political parties to spell out their stand in public on the separate state demand on December 26,\" said Srinivas Goud, co-convener of T-JAC.Alongside, the T-JAC will organize a novel agitation called 'Mulakath' on the lines of Gandhigiri, between December 13 and 21 wherein the activists would visit the assembly segments represented by the leaders of Congress, TDP, and YSR Congress in Telangana and present roses to the legislators and ask them to 'get well soon'.\"The legislators of the parties whose policies are against Telangana are suffering from an illness called anti-Telangana. The T-JAC activists would present them with flowers wishing their speedy recovery,\" said Sravana Dasoju, a politburo member of TRS. Following the Mulakath, the T-JAC activists will stage deeksha across Telangana between December 24 and December 28 which will culminate in a mammoth public rally in Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "munchingput", "code": "17564943", "title": "Is the Naxal movement losing track?", "text": "MUNCHINGPUT: The Maoists in the country who follow the doctrine set by the founder of the communist movement in China, Mao Tse-tung, seem to be deviating from it of late. The basic tenet set by chairman Mao of 'do not hurt the people from the popular support base and always try to gain their confidence,' has been brushed aside going by the rebels' looting spree in Agency areas of the Andhra Orissa Border (AOB).A teacher from a remote village in Munchingput mandal told TOI that they are being harassed by militia members from the East Division. Requesting anonymity for his village and himself for fear of reprisal by militia members, he said, \"Earlier they would force innocent villagers to join the movement or just take away a few chickens or a goat. We never really bothered about that, but now they just troop into the villages after dark and take away huge quantities of rice and eggs that are stored in schools for the mid-day meal scheme of students.\"In recent times, this has become rampant. An armed group of about 30 swoop down on a remote village and force the Vidya volunteers (teachers) to part with the school's stock of rice and eggs.Eggs are served as part of the mid-day meal scheme to students every Tuesday and Friday. It is the duty of Vidya volunteers to go to the nearest DR (daily requirement) depot to collect the eggs and rice on a monthly basis. Almost every school has a stock of about 100 kg rice and over 15 dozens of eggs at the beginning of each month. \"They either take away food in bulk or what is required for that day. If we refuse, we are threatened and at times beaten or branded as police informers,\" he said.The Maoists are targeting remote villages in the mandals of Chintapalli, GK Veedhi, Koyyuru, G Madugula, Munchingput and Pedabayalu of Paderu revenue division.Earlier, the dropout rate was pretty high in the schools in these mandals, but the mid-day meal scheme proved to be a good incentive for children and it had recently helped stem the dropout rate. \"Most of the children wait for the meal as they come from very poor families and it really hurts when we are not able to provide them food, thanks to militia members. They visit a village at least four to five times a month and we have brought this to the notice of both revenue and police officials but there has been no action so far,\" said a teacher from another village in G K Veedhi.Many view this as a clear sign of the movement weakening in this part of the state. Earlier, they were welcomed for a meal by the villagers as they were considered to be saviours but now they are dreaded, said OSD of Narsipatnam D Narayana Reddy.The militia members are considered to be the backbone of the Maoist movement and are utilised for logistics in addition to felling trees, courier service, organising bandhs, distributing publicity material and digging of roads and culverts to prevent vehicular traffic. Even during the PLGA week that concluded on Saturday they were put on the forefront, but nothing much happened due to a heavy police presence.Many view this harassment and looting spree at the Andhra Orissa Border as a clear sign of the movement weakening in this part of the state. Earlier, the Maoists were welcomed for a meal by the villagers as they were considered to be saviours but now they are dreaded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17565534", "title": "Step up your style", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Winter fashion is all about lively colours this season. From bright peplum coats and jackets to even brighter colours including orange, tomato red and mustard, this winter youngsters in city are making an exceptional style statement.Gone are the days of boring greys, browns and blacks. Winters, for most city youngsters, is a time to flaunt the best in the wardrobe. \"Its time to pep up dresses with real bright scarves in orange and red, complemented with stylish neck liners,\" says Sudeeksha Dewan, a student of MCM DAV College, Sector 36. This season neck covers in horizontal lines and multi colours are being generously flaunted by girls. Ranging from Rs 1,700 to Rs 3,000 at branded stores, neck covers and scarves with different hoods are in this season.Another garment topping the style quotient this year are peplums jackets for girls. As for boys the good old formula of matching routine jackets with shades of mustard and green remain in style.\"Scarves can transform a boring outfit or make an old one look new. A scarf can add colour to any simple outfit. And this season these scarves are selling like hot cakes. Super sellers include ones in bright shades with hood attached,\" says Shilpi, who handles sales at a leading fashion store in Sector 17.At yet another multi-brand store, it is the mustard and yellow colour that is doing magic for youngsters. \"Lot of new designs of sweaters, mostly mustard and yellow shades, are in demand this year. Besides, the routine blues, blacks continue to be sought after,\" adds another store manager.When it comes to winter dressing for men, there are trendy options available in the markets too. Flaunting scarves, even by male students is a common sight at Panjab University's Student Centre - the hub of student activity on campus. \"I bought a hand-knitted bright coloured sweater from Sector 17 and it has been my favourite so far,\" says Tushar Ahuja, an MA student.Besides these, fashion stores in sectors 9, 10 and 17 are flooded with unconventional and stylish ponchos and long knee-length cardigans. Shelly Taneja, a Sector 15 resident and fashion critic, adds, \"This season a lot aqua blue and bright shades are in fashion. Long cardigans with belts continue to be a trend this time also.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17565466", "title": "Woman accuses in-laws in dying statement", "text": "KOLKATA: Police have started a murder investigation after a badly burnt woman implicated her in-laws in her dying statement.Seema Das of Panditiya Road was brought to Shishu Mongal on December 5 by her in-laws who said she accidentally got burnt while cooking. Seeing her injuries, the doctors referred her to MR Bangur Hospital.Her condition kept deteriorating and she started sinking on Monday. Just before she died, she told police that she was set ablaze by her husband Bapi Das, brother-in-law Samir and sisters-in-law Putul Das and Sova Das.Police raided the Das' house on Panditiya Road but they are missing. Gariahat police initiated a case under Section 498A (cruelty by in-laws) 307 (attempt to murder) and 34 (common intention) after Seema's parents lodged a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17566151", "title": "Nagpur to get Permanent Lok Adalat soon", "text": "NAGPUR: The district is inching closer to its goal of getting a Permanent Lok Adalat (PLA). This is due to the success it had in organizing Lok Adalats and Maha Lok Adalats. PLA will adjudicate in pre-litigation cases that meet specific parameters.Kishore Jaiswal, civil judge and secretary of the District Legal Services Authority, said, \"PLA is being set up as per the legal provisions of section 22B of the Legal Services Authority Act. The PLA will decide on civil matters up to Rs10 lakh and compoundable criminal cases.\"PLA will first try to work out a settlement between the litigants, but if the process fails then the it will decide the case. \"The judgment will be based on objectivity and fair play since the Evidence Act will not apply here. The PLA will decide the case on its merit going by natural justice and the decision will be binding on the litigants,\" said Jaiswal.However, since the decision of the PLA cannot be appealed against, no judgment shall be passed regarding compoundable cases. \"The PLA will try its best to have a settlement made out between the litigants but if it does not happen then the matter will proceed to the respective court,\" said Jaiswal.The PLA will be comprised of three members headed by a chairman. The chairman will be a retired district judge while the other two members shall be citizens having adequate experience in public utility services.The PLA will have jurisdiction all over the district and is expected to be up and running soon. \"We have already selected a location for the PLA and hence, it won't be a long wait at all. We have the staff, the infrastructure and the experience to make this project a reality,\" Jaiswal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17565336", "title": "Cut illegal water connections, Bhapkar tells department", "text": "AURANGABAD: Municipal commissioner Purushottam Bhapkar issued orders to the water department authorities to plug 300 identified water leakages within 24 hours. The orders were issued at a meeting on Monday to take stock of the water situation in the city.Expressing deep concern over growing number of illegal water connection in the city, the civic chief said, \"AMC will soon launch a campaign and carry out surveys to check illegal tap connections.\" He also issued orders to the officials to take action against the citizens holding illegal water connection by cutting them and fining the citizens.Bhapkar also ordered the authorities to act against citizens found misusing drinking water. Citizens use it for gardening, car washing and other purposes.This year, the city has water scarcity due to a poor and delayed monsoon and the AMC had contemplated cutting water supply by 50%. The civic chief asked the authorities to take stock of the number of wells situated in the city so that in the coming months they could be used as alternate sources of water.Meanwhile, he warned that strict action would be taken against those officials who are lethargic towards their duty and even if any improvement is not found in their performance legal action would be initiated against them.He also issued orders to release one fourth of the payments of the contractors associated with water department and asked the officials to release bills up to Rs two lakh. Bhapkar warned that it will be the last chance for people to legalise connections under the Abhay Yojana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17566381", "title": "BTAD sweep-up yields arms cache", "text": "GUWAHATI: The security forces' much-touted sweep-up operation for illegal arms and ammunition in the Bodoland Territorial Districts Area (BTAD) has yielded quite a cache of arms, informed forest and environment minister Rockybul Hussain in the house on Monday. Security forces have seized five AK 47s, 35 pistols, 14 country-made rifles, 20 handmade guns, 363 rounds of ammunition of different types, 3.5 kg of RDX, 42 detonators, 37 grenades, three bombs, two IEDS among others smaller weapons and bomb-making accessories, the minister informed.While replying to a volley of questions from legislators on the issue of illegal arms in the BTAD, Hussain said that 77 persons, including Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) administrator Mono Kumar Brahma, have been arrested for possessing illegal weapons.Twelve of these arrested people are members of the anti-talks faction of the National Democratic Front of Bodoland (NDFB), one a cadre of the Muslim United Liberation Tiger of Assam (Multa), and one a National Santhal Liberation Army (NSLA) militant.Hussain, who was replying on behalf of chief minister Tarun Gogoi, said the local police, central paramilitary forces and the army are conducting search operations to unearth illegal arms in the BTAD as well as in other parts of the state.In reply to one of the question, Hussain stated that a total of 109 persons died in the recent wave of ethnic violence in the BTAD in July, August and November of which 28 were shot dead. He added that 78 of the dead were Bengali-speaking Muslims, 20 Bodos, two from other communities and nine persons are yet to be identified.The minister also informed that 552 persons have been arrested on charges of being involved in the ethnic clashes and 98 of them are militants belonging to various rebel groups.\"In the 2012 ethnic violence in BTAD, 15,033 houses have been burnt down and 14,761 families have been affected. So far, 5,669 families have been rehabilitated,\" the minister said in reply to a different question.In yet another reply, the minister stated that at present, the three militant outfits active in the BTAD are the NDFB (Ranjan Daimary), the Kamatapur Liberation Organization (KLO) and the NSLA.\"In the BTAD area, the Ranjan Daimary faction of the NDFB has about 150 cadres, the KLO has about 50 cadres and NSLA has about 125 active militants. In addition to this, there are three designated camps of the NDFB (Progressive), which has signed a ceasefire agreement with the Centre and the state government, sheltering 936 cadres,\" the minister stated in his reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17565893", "title": "Coal-generated power for Goa still years away", "text": "PANAJI: Goa is not likely to get power from the coal blocks allotted by the Centre four years ago in Chattisgarh in the near future.In a reply to Goa MP Shantaram Naik in the Rajya Sabha, Union minister of state for coal, Pratik Patil said that the authorities are in the process of obtaining statutory clearances and completing the land acquisition process.The minister said \"Gare Pelma Sector III coal block in the state of Chattisgarh was allocated to M/s Goa Industrial Development Corporation on November 12, 2008, to meet the coal requirement for their 188 MW thermal power plant to be set up in Raigarh district in the state of Chattisgarh.\"Patil informed Naik that \"Coal production from the captive coal block shall commence within 36 months (42 months in case the area is in forest land) in case of open cast mine and in 48 months (54 months in case the area falls under forest land) in case of underground mine from the date of preparation of a geological report.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17566359", "title": "Aasu homage to agitation martyrs", "text": "GUWAHATI: The student community of the state paid a tribute to 855 martyrs of the Assam Agitation on 'Swahid Divas' on Monday. Across the state, students, under the aegis of the All Assam Students' Union (Aasu), paid homage to those who laid down their lives in the movement against illegal immigrants in Assam. The movement, which lasted from 1979 to 1985, was led by Aasu. This year, 'Swahid Divas' was observed at Raha in Nagaon district of central Assam where the top leadership of the students' body took part in a programme organized by the Nagaon district unit of Aasu. \"The martyrs sacrificed their lives to make Assam free of illegal immigrants. However, the cause for which the martyrs laid down their lives remains unrealized till date. All political parties are to be blamed for non-implementation of the Assam Accord. Implementing the accord is vital to flush out illegal immigrants settled in various parts of the state,\" said Aasu president Sankar Prasad Rai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "karimnagar/warangal", "code": "17564230", "title": "Cotton millers protest over taxing NPDCL surcharge", "text": "KARIMNAGAR/WARANGAL: Cotton, rice and oil millers resorted to a flash protest against the NPDCL surcharges on their mills and prevented cotton purchases at the agricultural market yards across North Telangana districts on Monday.According to G Malla Reddy, North Telangana cotton millers association General secretary, NPDCL authorities burdened millers with 300 per cent increase in their power bills in the name of surcharge. For example, for last month's power bill of Rs 3 lakh, the NPDCL authorities raised a bill for Rs 12 lakh with a surcharge of Rs 8 lakh for a mill. The millers shut down their mills across North Telangana due to which the Cotton Corporation of India did not purchase cotton. Angry farmers took out a rally at Karimnagar and also protested on the Warangal - Karimnagar highway demanding immediate purchase of their cotton arrivals at Karimnagar. They staged a rasta rook causing heavy traffic jams.At Warangal, many farmers staged dharna in front of the agricultural market committee office at Enumamula. Some of them tried to besiege the market office.Tension prevailed at Warangal and Karimnagar agricultural market yards. On orders from DIG Vikram Singh , police personnel rushed to the markets to control the situation. District collector Rahul Bhojja called millers and traders to have talks with the NPDCL officials on the issue. He suggested that the authorities should lift the surcharges on the last month's bill and collect only the originally raised bills.They must wait for the government's decision on the surcharge. Later, the millers association president Devunuri Anjaiah of Warangal, Jogi Reddy of Karimnagar, Ayita Yugender and Babji from cotton traders section agreed to purchase the arrivalsand late in the evening started weighing of the cotton with MSP of Rs 3900 across the markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17569036", "title": "Fog affects air traffic in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Flight operations at the NSC Bose International Airport here was affected for an hour due to fog early on Tuesday morning, airport sources said.Altogether 15 flights were delayed by about 20-25 minutes as visibility was poor due to the fog from 4.30am to 5.30am, they said.Of the 15 flights, 10 were outgoing. The situation normalised after the visibility level improved, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhadrak", "code": "17563591", "title": "Tortured minor girl rescued", "text": "Bhadrak: Police rescued a minor tribal girl working as a maid in the house of a chartered accountant in the town's Jagannathpur area on Monday. The house owner has been detained at the Bhadrak town police station for interrogation and the girl has been sent to a short stay home run by an NGO.\"After a local voluntary organization informed us of the continuous torture of a minor tribal girl, Manish Jojo, 13, from Sundargarh's Lowram village by her employer, we rescued her. Since the girl is not disclosing anything out of fear, we have sent her to a short stay home so that she regains her composure. Though some injury marks are found on the face of the girl, further enquiry coupled with the statement of the girl would unravel the truth,\" said IIC of Bhadrak town police station S C Patra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17563436", "title": "Scepticism over implementation of new TET rules", "text": "RANCHI: Even after amendments to the guidelines for Teachers' Eligibility Test, scepticism remains about implementation of the changed rules. The state government on Thursday, the last day of the assembly's winter session, had said recruitment for the post of teachers would begin only after a domicile policy was put in place.Candidates have been protesting against TET regulations 2012, which stated that recruitment would be made based on TET performance as well as academic records in Classes X and XII and graduation. Protesters had argued that since education system in the state was of very poor quality, aspirants from Jharkhand would lose out to outside candidates.\"We protested against adding the educational merit marks as education system in Jharkhand has always been bad and so not many have scored good marks in board exams. In that case, all seats would be taken by students of other states,\" said Manoj Kumar , a TET candidate.\"After a long protest, deputy chief minister (Bandhu Tirkey) did say recruitment will be done only after a domicile policy is chalked out. But the question is when will it be made,\" said Manoj. Several others voiced the same concern.Other changes in TET rules include incorporation of commerce graduates, who were earlier barred from appearing for the exams, permission to Urdu students for writing the papers of subjects, other than Urdu and English, in Hindi. Earlier, all students needed to write the examination either in Urdu or English.Meanwhile, Urdu primary teachers have decided to demonstrate in front of the Raj Bhavan on December 17, under the Jharkhand Chhatra Sangh banner, against the SC/ST reservation in Urdu primary teachers' posts.Out of 4,401 seats, 1,159 are reserved for the scheduled caste and scheduled tribe.\"In the last three examinations (in 2008, 2010 and 2011), SC?ST reservation was there for writing the exam but not a single application came in for it. We are demanding that this time the reservation should be removed so more people who are willing to work can get the opportunity,\" said S Ali, chairperson, Jharkhand Chhatra Sangh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17565684", "title": "Theatres to send SMS alert to cinegoers", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: After renovating its theatres in the city, the Kerala State Film Development Corporation is now all set to revolutionize the notification of change of film schedules in its theatres.The film buffs will be informed of the change in schedule of upcoming releases in Kalabhavan, Kairali, Sree and Nila theatres through e-mails and SMS alerts. The system for sending the alerts is being worked out by the corporation.\"We are in the process of churning out a framework for sending SMS and e-mail alerts about film changes in our theatres,\" KSFDC chairman Sabu Cherian said.To begin with, cinema-goers are being encouraged to drop their e-mail addresses at the theatres, which will be added to the mailing list of the theatres. \"We have planned special screenings for the media, and invited guests on December 19 and 20 in all the four theatres. Those invited will also be given 10 coupons each which they can distribute to their near and dear ones, who can register their e-mail addresses on these coupons and return it. Those addresses will also be added to the list,\" minister for cinema K B Ganesh Kumar told TOI.Subsequently, the viewers will also be encouraged to drop their e-mails and mobile numbers at the theatres for getting the alerts. \"We are holding discussions with a Bangalore-based SMS service company for providing the facility,\" KSFDC vice-chairman Idavela Babu said. The theatres of the KSFDC will now be release centres which will open for commercial releases after the culmination of the film festival. It is learnt that Mohanlal-starrer 'Karmayodha' and Aashiq Abu's Fahad Fazil-starrer 'Da Thadiya' will be the opening films in Nila and Kalabhavan theatres respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17565313", "title": "Brace for warmer days, says Met", "text": "KOLKATA: If you have not started unpacking your wollens, you have got some more days in your hand. Though winter has made its entry at the right time with the minimum temperature gradually declining from November end, the drop has been arrested by a high-pressure belt over the Bay of Bengal. As a result, the temperature is expected to rise in the next few days.The night temperature on Sunday rose to 15.3 degree celsius from Saturday's 14.4 degree. According to weathermen, it will rise further and hover around the 17-degree mark for at least next two days. Only a strong gush of Northwesterly can neutralize the damage created by the high-pressure area.\"There is incursion of moisture in abundance in the air due to a high-pressure area over the Bay of Bengal. This has arrested the drop in mercury. In fact, the mercury is rising and we expect the situation to remain unchanged for the next two days when the minimum temperature is expected to touch 17 degree,\" said GK Das, meteorologist with the Regional Meteorological Centre, Kolkata.The night temperature in the past one week had remained very comfortable when it hovered around the 14-degree mark. It dropped to 13.9 degree on Friday night. But it started shooting up from the very next day. The temperature will rise above the normal mark in the coming days.Overall, this time the city has experienced the coldest December compare to past few years. The mercury level remained below the normal mark constantly for the past 10 days. Last year, the minimum temperature during this time remained above the normal mark. The lowest during this period was 16.2\u00c2\u00b0 C which was recorded on December 14. However, this year it had dropped as low as 13.9\u00c2\u00b0 C on December 8.The Met office also expects light rain in the city by Wednesday. A trough of low pressure in the upper air is likely to trigger showers. This might pull down the day temperature but it will not have much impact on the minimum temperature.\"There is a trough of low pressure on the upper air extending from neighbouring Bihar to Chhattisgarh. This might bring in rain in Kolkata in the next 48 hours. Only a strong Northwesterly can arrest the mercury from rising and drag it down below the normal level,\" added Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17566033", "title": "DGP assures Swar Thounaojam of action", "text": "BANGALORE: Swar Thounaojam, the Bangalore-based Manipuri playwright who was allegedly sexually harassed on DVG Road last Wednesday , met Karnataka director general of police LK Pachau on Monday. She expressed anguish over the delay in initiating action against the culprits.Speaking after submitting a written complaint to the top cop, Swar said: \"I decided to meet the DGP after no action was taken against those involved in the incident. Not only that, one deputy commissioner of police (traffic-west ) went on air accusing me of creating a scene. It's not fair. I have requested the DGP to look into the matter. He told us that once he gets a report on the incident, he will take suitable action.\"Members of the delegation accompanying her said on December 7, the DGP had issued orders to the police commissioner to send a report, but is yet to receive any response. CPM politburo member Brinda Karat, who was part of the team, said the incident is absolutely outrageous. \"A woman had been sexually harassed in public by a group of men led by a police constable . What is objectionable is that senior police officers of the city consider the case anything but trivial.\"She added that it is essential to send a strong message that Bangalore will not tolerate any case of sexual harassment.\"The DGP asked for a report on December 7, but it is yet to be submitted by the police commissioner. Why is there no seriousness over the issue,\" Karat asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17565370", "title": "International lottery scam: 1 arrested", "text": "BHOPAL: The Betul district police have busted an international gang allegedly running a lottery scam in India. One member of the gang based at Lucknow has been arrested and his handler, based in Pakistan, has been identified. Police are suspecting that more people are involved in the scam.According to police - Neeraj Shrivastava, 35, -- a resident of Lucknow - was arrested from his residence after tracking his movements for the last several days. Charged with cheating and criminal conspiracy, he will be produced in court on Tuesday.Inspector general of police (IGP) Ajay Sharma said \"Neeraj is just a member of the gang and his accomplices are based in Pakistan. We are interrogating him.Mobile phones recovered from him and call records showed that he was in constant touch with his accomplice in Pakistan - identified as Rehan - on two numbers in Pakistan.His call details record (CDR) revealed that there was an exchange of 144 calls between Shrivastava and his Pakistani handler.\"We are scrutinizing the calls,\" said Lalit Shakyavar, superintendent of police (SP) Betul who led the entire operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17563477", "title": "MU students seek union election", "text": "PATNA: With Patna University slated to hold elections for the students' union on Tuesday, a section of Magadh University students studying at different colleges here have demanded early elections to students' union at the university and college level to maintain democratic values as well as academic ambience on MU colleges, said Prashant Kumar of A N College here on MondaySeminar concludes: A three-day seminar of Bihar Darshan Parishad concluded on Sunday on the B D College campus here.Academics from across the country participated in it and expressed their views on the importance of cultural heritage and philosophy in day-to-day life. While B D College principal B N Ojha was elected president of the parishad, Binay Kumar Sinha was elected its treasurer.Parent-teacher meet: B D College held a parent-teacher meeting for MCom students here on Monday. Altogether 180 students, including girls, turned up with their parents to participate in the meeting, said the head of postgraduate department of commerce, P K Agarwal, adding the meeting was held to acquaint parents with the performances of their wards.NSS service: Students of College of Commerce participated in an NSS programme on the college campus, launching a cleanliness drive to spruce up the campus. They also counselled other students to keep the entire college campus neat and clean, said college principal P K Verma.Promotions awaited: Hundreds of teachers of different colleges of the university, whose promotions either from lecturer to reader or reader to professor rank have been approved by the selection committee, are still waiting for the final approval of the MU syndicate.The syndicate's meeting has not been held since August this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17564764", "title": "CM unveils scheme for girls", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday launched the \"Humari Beti, Uska Kal\" scheme of the Uttar Pradesh government at a function held on Jauhar Ali University's campus in Rampur. The CM also handed over cheques worth Rs 30,000 to some 14,000 girls from minority communities, who have cleared their high school board examinations. The financial aid is meant for families, which have an annual income of Rs 36,000 or less and is aimed at meeting expenses for the girl's higher studies or marriage.Apart from the CM, senior cabinet members Azam Khan, PWD minister Shivpal Yadav and small scale industries minister Bhagwat Saran Gangwar were also present at the function. The event was held on the campus of the Urdu University named after renowned poet Mohammed Ali Jauhar, and it marked the birth anniversary of Jauhar. The Mohammed Ali Jauhar University is a baby of senior Samajwadi Party (SP) leader and minister in Akhilesh cabinet Mohammed Azam Khan himself.Addressing the gathering, the CM said that the HBUK is a brainchild of Azam Khan who has been the driving force behind the very existence of the Jauhar University. \"It was he who suggested the scheme and named it as well. There could not have been a better opportunity to launch the scheme than the birth anniversary of Mohammed Ali Jauhar who was born on December 10, 1878,\" Akhilesh said.Expressing concern over the fact that a majority of the minority community girls were unable to pursue their higher education due to financial constraints, he said that the scheme will help to bring about a key change in the life of the minorities. \"An educated girl is an assurance that the generations to come will also be educated. If a girl is happy in the family, the family will definitely be happy and so will be the society,\" Akhilesh said, and added that the government has not only launched the HBUK scheme, but also announced that the amount of government aid provided to the deserving under the Backward Class Welfare department's scheme for marriage medical treatment of the women, will be doubled. \"Till now it was a maximum of Rs 10,000. From next financial year, the amount will be increased to Rs 20,000,\" Akhilesh said. He also inaugurated the faculty of humanities named after the SP president Mulayam Singh Yadav.The chief minister also announced that the government is working on a proposal to affiliate the Mohammed Ali Jauhar Research Centre inaugurated by Mulayam Singh Yadav to the University and also bring up a camp office of the university in Lucknow. The laptops and tablet PCs meant for distribution by the government would have Urdu fonts installed, Akhilesh told the gathering.Azam Khan, welcoming the chief minister and members of his cabinet, said that the HBUK scheme will help to bring about a radical change in the life of the poor from the minority communities. Referring to the beneficiaries present at the venue, Azam Khan said, \"Yeh hamara kal hai ... aur inko madad kar ke hum apne kal ko sudharna aur behtar karne ki koshish kar rahe hain\" (They are our future. By helping them we are helping to secure our future and that of the generations to come).Senior minister Shivpal Yadav, who was the special guest of the occasion, also addressed the gathering and announced that his ministry will construct a guest house on the campus and also ensure the beautification of the lake. He also sanctioned laying of 28 roads in the district.The otherwise peaceful and well managed event was however, marred by angry protests by scores of girls from the minority communities, who accused the local administration of partiality in short listing the beneficiaries. They alleged that the authorities have adopted a pick and choose approach and their names have not appeared in the list of beneficiaries, though they qualified all the requirements that the government was supposedly looking for.The protesting girls entered into heated exchanges with the police when they were stopped from entering the venue. The situation took a turn for the worse when the girls started scaling a seven feet high boundary wall of the building adjacent to the Jauhar University campus to use a scantly used passage to gain access into the venue and the police tried to stop them. Quite a few girls who had managed to climb up the boundary wall but waiting to descend on the other side, took the plunge ending up with an injured toe and bruised ankle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564619", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcCo-op societies can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t interfere in plot sale\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Interference by cooperative housing societies in the sale and transfer of plots by its members may come to an end, with the Delhi high court saying that societies can't undertake such restrictive practices.A division bench comprising Justices Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Vipin Sanghi recently ruled against the Soami Nagar cooperative house building society, which had tried to prevent the sale of a plot by its member to an outsider. The society had claimed only followers of Radha Soami faith/sect could purchase the plot after they become members of the society. But HC held this precondition to be bad in law, and gave the Registrar Cooperative Societies a month's time to remove such restrictive bylaws.Slamming the society for becoming a \"property broker\" to earn profit from every land sale, HC asked the new owners of the plot to apply for membership of the society. \"It is surprising that the society can go to any lengths to somehow deprive the citizens of this country, who are not members of a sect of religious beliefs of Hindu, of enjoyment and ownership of plots and flats acquired for valuable consideration through registered documents. Both the agreement and the sale deed leave no manner of doubt that the interest is absolute and it is not a lease or a restrictive covenant which operates,\" the bench observed, taking a dim view of the society's attempts to have a say in the sale and transfer of land by its members.The judges observed that it was not the business of the petitioner society to indulge in sale and resale of property; the objective was to develop the land and transfer the rights of the plot. \"The society, in fact, wants to become a property broker and earn profit from the land, which is not permissible,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17568769", "title": "India consumes lowest number of cigarettes per annum", "text": "BANGALORE: This news is 'catchy' and quite literally. The 3 rd edition of the Cigarette Package Health Warnings: International Status Report, released by Canadian Cancer Society says: only 63 out of 198 countries have adopted pictorial warnings including India. The report in its chapter Tobacco Atlas (3 rd edition) said, \"India's per capita consumption of cigarettes is the lowest in the world at 99 cigarettes per annum. Whereas Japan consumes the highest number of cigarettes per annum at 2028.\"\"There has been tremendous progress internationally in implementing package warnings, with many countries increasing warning size, more countries requiring picture warnings, and an increasing number of countries on their second, third or even fourth round of picture warnings. The worldwide trend for larger, picture health warnings is growing, with many more countries in the process of developing such requirements,\" the report said.Compared to global standards, the report is quite welcoming, but t here is a catch here. \"India might me doing better than other developed countries like Germany, Italy, Spain and Japan or even its best competitor country China when it comes to 'displaying' pictorial warnings on the tobacco product packets, but 'the pictures are either very small or meaningless,' said Dr Upendra Bhojani, faculty, Institute of Public Health (IPH), Bangalore.Dr Vishal Rao, consultant oncologist and head and neck surgeon: \"From Canadian perspective India might be doing well in displaying the pictorial images on tobacco products but, the standards are not complied with. Even the pictures are not changed every year, which is mandatory.\"A special committee was constituted in India a few years back to look in to the issue but it had members which had conflict of interest.Said Dr Bhojani: \"Compared to India, countries like Thailand displays much bigger and visible images on packets of tobacco products. In India, the authorities had first proposed to display a picture on 50% of the front panel of the packet, which has been gradually reduced to 40%. The pictures too are very vague, of an x-rayed chest or a healthy lung, which nobody would relate to.\"Explaining the reason behind low consumption of cigarettes in India, Dr Rao explained: \"In India cigarette consumption is low because most of our population smokes beedis, chiroots or hookahs, which are not considered as smoking tobacco products at Global standard. Biggest flow is beedis, which is high on Tar and is available very cheaply. So figure of 99 cigarettes per annum (per smoker) is highly misguiding.\"Global Adult Tobacco Survey (GATS) India 2010 Report had revealed that cigarettes account for only 15 per cent of the tobacco consumption in India. \"Eighty-five per cent of the tobacco consumption in India comprises of smokeless tobacco (chewing tobacco products like gutka, khaini) and beedis. These low priced, low taxed products are immensely popular in rural markets of India and do not adopt pictorial and /or text warnings. 34.6 % adult use tobacco in India , Smokeless tobacco users are 25.9% , Beedi user are 9.2 % and Cigarette users are 5.7 % of the adult population,\" concluded the report.Consumption of cigarettes in other countriesCountry No. of cigarettes consumedJapan 2028China 1646Pakistan 391Nepal 274Bangladesh 172India 99", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17566146", "title": "Naxal arrested; granted PCR till December 17", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Anti-Naxal cell and C-60 squad arrested a hard-core Naxalite Sanjay alias Bandu Bawne (34) in a joint operation on Sunday. Bawne is member of Chandrapur area committee of CPI (Maoist) and was wanted for more than one Naxal-related offences. Bawne was produced before the court, which granted him police custody remand (PCR) till December 17 on Monday.Police sources claimed that Bawne was arrested from his residence in Bhatala village under Shegaon police station in Warora tehsil. He was wanted for participating in antinational activities with Deshbhakti Yuva Manch, the front organization of urban Naxal outfit that was busted in January 2008. He also was accused of putting up provocative Naxal pamphlets in Bramhapuri in 2011.\"Bawne was important member of Chandrapur area committee of Naxalites. He was close to secretary of state committee of Maoists, Milind Teltumbde, and used to take direct orders from him,\" said SP Rajiv Jain.He claimed that Bawne played a key role in supplying explosives to Naxal dalams operating in North Gadchiroli-Gondia division of CPI (Maoist). \"He supplied gelatin sticks and other material used in landmines to dalams operating in dense forests. We are interrogating him for getting details of his network and hopefully the arrest would lead to other key players in urban Naxal outfit,\" said Jain.Police got information about Bawne during interrogation of his former associate Pramod Godghade, who was arrested in July. Cops are also expecting of getting information about Bawne's hideouts from where the hidden explosives could be recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17566415", "title": "A brush that cleans teeth with ultrasonic waves", "text": "LONDON: Scientists in Britain claim to have developed the world's first toothbrush which uses only ultrasound waves to clean teeth \u00e2\u20ac\u201d meaning there is no abrasive brushing.While manual toothbrushes have long been replaced by whizzyelectric versions boasting super-fast vibrations and expensive whitening heads, the technology remains the same \u00e2\u20ac\u201d abrasive particles in toothpaste rubbed against the teeth to remove plaque. The high-tech product launched in UK last week is claiming to be the world's first 100% ultrasound toothbrush, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Some ultrasound technology has been incorporated into electric designs in the past, but this is the first time it has been used alone, requiring no movement of the brush. The new Emmident toothbrush makes a staggering 86 million sound waves per minute and uses only these waves to clean the teeth. The product will cost \u00c2\u00a379.95 and the manufacturers claim the ultrasound waves emitted cause millions of tiny bubbles to form in the special \u00c2\u00a33.99 toothpaste you have to use with it.These bubbles are small enough to get between the teeth and into the gums, where they implode, killing bacteria and dislodging tartar. This means you don't have to use a conventional brushing motion. It also kills bacteria left on the brush head.Since people can't feel ultrasound , the company, Emmi Ultrasonic AG, has added a vibration to the brush to reassure that it's working. Professor Damien Walmsley, of British Dental Association , said proper tests need to be done to prove the efficacy of the brush.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17566298", "title": "USA Sportspower tower over ONGC", "text": "MUMBAI: A veritable epidemic seemed to have gripped the full house present at the Don Bosco school in Matunga on Sunday, as the crowd resonated with a certain celebratory bark during the men's final of the 8th Savio All-India basketball tournament between Sportspower, the outfit from USA, and ONGC.Proof enough that Jerome 'Junkyard Dog' Williams had found his new 'dog-pound' in the city.The former NBA player, who in his own words had \"flown for 22 hours from the deserts of LA to the love of Mumbai\", had found himself surrounded by children at a basketball clinic, merely an hour after landing on Saturday. His showmanship and ease with both the ball and the banter had made him an instant crowd favourite. So it was no surprise when with every free-throw and dunk, he drew roaring barks from the stands as the guests managed to upstage the home team 73-56 to win the title.For Williams, also known as JYD, kids form the better part of his life. \"The most important part of my day is when I get to spend time with kids. I just enjoy my time with them as I get a chance teach them a little,\" says Williams, who turned out for teams like NY Knicks, Detroit Pistons, Toronto Raptors and Chicago Bulls.Having learnt the game from his father, Williams regards the game as a legacy to be passed on to future generations . \"I tell the kids they can play with their heart, play strong with some passion. Ball without any passion is just a game, when passion's there it's more than that,\" he says.And it was passion that seemed to empower veterans Sportspower against the much younger ONGC.The 44-year-old Anthony Bonner surprised all with his focus and speed as he drove in for layups, and took less than a second to get up after being fouled twice by ONGC players Yadwinder Singh and Anoop M. On display were some sublime ball handling, dribbling and shooting skills that kept the crowds asking for more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "17566173", "title": "Illegal sand mining: Rs 17L recovered for Rs12 cr loss", "text": "BHANDARA: The district administration has incurred a loss of Rs12 crore in the last six months due to illegal mining from sand ghats and only Rs17 lakh has been recovered as fine from the offenders, said Bhandara district information officer Manisha Sawale, at a press note issued here recently.Sand ghats are not on auction this year, but illegal mining of sand is going on in full swing and revenue and mining officials are posing as mute spectators to the clandestine operation.There are 70 sand ghats on river Vainganga and it's tributaries and only 37 ghats are put to auction. Last year the district administration earned a revenue of Rs20 crore from auction of 37 ghats of the district. Every year sand ghats are auctioned in July, but unfortunately this year they have not been auctioned till now on the ground of environmental impact assessment. So, ghats were not opened and no one was permitted to lift sand from the ghats.But the situation lies on paper only. Illegal mining of sand is going on in full swing and according to businessmen involved in the sand business, in the last six months sand worth Rs10 to 12 crore has been illegally lifted from the sand ghats, resulting in the hike of sand in Nagpur and Bhandara market.In pre-auction period, a truck load of sand is sold at Rs2,500 to 3,000 and now it is being sold at Rs6,000 (200 sq feet), benefiting illegal miners, transporters and revenue officials from Patwari to tahsildar, said a source.The illegal business has proved to be a bonanza for revenue officials too, as very few trucks are caught by them and till now only Rs17 lakh has been recovered from the offenders, said the source.Recover loss from the officials: BizmenBhandara: Sand ghats are situated near the villages and every village has a patwari who is a revenue officer and is entrusted with the work of protection of government property, which also includes the sand ghats. So, whatever financial loss is incurred by the district administration should be recovered from the concerned patwari, revenue inspector, naib tahsildar and tahsildar of concerned sand ghats, said businessmen dealing with sand. It's a precedence in the government system that if there is a loss of government property, it is recovered from the concerned person or society, so same should be applied to the concerned revenue officials too. Only then illegal mining of sand will stop and offenders won't dare to lift sand, they said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "17565322", "title": "Protesters lay siege to Kudankulam N-plant", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Fishermen laid siege to the controversial Kudankulam nuclear power plant from the sea on Monday as they revived their protests against the project. Fishermen from the coastal villages set out to the sea in more than 100 boats and approached the nuclear power plant while women and children stayed back at the protest site at Idinthakarai, the main hub of the 400-day-long protest. The nuclear plant, set for commissioning soon, has been brought under a thick security blanket.Tirunelveli superintendent of police Vijayendra Bidari said the siege was incident-free. \"Both central and state security forces provided protection to the plant,\" he said.This is the second sea siege by the anti-nuclear protesters. A similar agitation on October 8 had passed off peacefully, but protests before and after that had turned violent. On September 10, a fishermen was killed in police firing near Tiruchendur, while few days later, another fisherman collapsed in panic and died when a surveillance aircraft flew at low altitude.People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) convener S P Udayakumar told mediapersons they were forced to stage a protest against the government due to its indifferent approach towards their struggle. \"Our people are being arrested and their movement is being restricted though we are staging our struggle in a peaceful manner. Hence we have decided to protest against this undemocratic attitude of the governments,\" he said.The protest was organised to mark the Human Rights Day. Besides demanding that the project be scarped, Udayakumar also wanted the governments to withdraw cases against the protesters. Peter Milton, another key PMANE member, said police have surrounded the Idinthakarai village. Anti-nuclear protesters have also blocked roads in Nagercoil and Madurai.After the protest, a meeting was held at Idinthakarai to discuss the future course of the agitation. Udayakumar later announced that they were ready to call off their struggle provided the government conduct a national debate on all the upcoming nuclear projects in the country. \"The government should provide necessary details to public, including reports of site analysis, safety analysis and performance of nuclear reactors both in English and regional languages. Let people discuss them and come to a conclusion. Until then Kudankulam can wait,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17566248", "title": "Cold wave gives way to warm winter", "text": "NAGPUR: The winter session of the state legislature commenced on Monday, but the winter seems to have done a disappearing act from the city. The temperature has gone up way above normal in the past couple of days making this month the warmest December in a decade. The cold wave the region was experiencing only a few days ago seems to have given way to a summer-like weather. The regional met department forecasts that similar conditions can be expected for at least another week.City experienced its highest minimum temperature in 10 years on Monday as the minimum temperature for the day was four degrees above normal at 17.2 degrees Celsius while at 32.6 degrees Celsius, the maximum temperature was five degrees above normal. Before this, the highest minimum temperature was 17.4 degrees on December 1, 2003.\"Usually during this time of the year, cool winds from the north or north west flow towards the city. This year, we are still experiencing warm winds blowing from the east. Moreover, there are anticyclonic winds near the Eastern coast of the country which have resulted in cloud formation at many places like southern Madhya Pradesh and the southern part of peninsular India. All this is causing the heat to rise up during this time of the year,\" explained an official from the regional met department. The cloud cover traps the heat within the Earth's atmosphere , and prevents it from escaping into outer space, he added.On Monday, Akola recorded the highest temperature in the region with 34.4 degrees Celsius (5 above normal) and minimum temperature of 20 degrees Celsius (6 above normal). Brahmapuri, meanwhile, led in terms of departure from normal with minimum temperature 7.5 degrees above normal. Amravati and Yavatmal remained relatively cooler with the lowest maximum and minimum temperatures of the region respectively.Similar rise in 1997In 1997, the city experienced similar rise in temperature during December. In the first half of 1997, the minimum temperature ranged between 18 and 20.2 degrees Celsius. This warm period was repeated during the last week of the month. If similar conditions were to prevail this year as well, we are looking at the prospect of a warm Christmas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564416", "title": "HC relief for kin of \u00e2\u20ac\u212205 blast victim", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the intervention of the Delhi high court a minor who lost her father in the 2005 Delhi serial blasts will finally get compensation for his death.On Monday, Justice Rajiv Shakdher gave the Delhi Police and the municipal corporation five days time to complete formalities relating to issuance of non traceable certificate and death certificate to Manisha Dass who lost her family in the terror attack. The court sought a compliance report and posted the matter for December 20.Aged eight at the time of the incident, Manisha lost her parents and brother in the serial blasts. According to the plea, on the fateful day, her family had gone to the market for Diwali shopping leaving her at her grandparents' home.Manisha informed HC that her father Michael John's body was not found as he bore maximum impact of the blast. She said her grandparents have been looking after her and they are facing severe financial difficulties. But when they approached the government for compensation, their claim was stonewalled on the ground that the body was not found and that in the police record he was treated as \"missing\".Sarojini Nagar SHO told the HC that the matter has been referred to a special cell. It would issue the certificate as the family claimed that he was in the market on the date of the blast and has been missing for the past seven years which is equivalent to death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17564718", "title": "FIR not needed to raze illegal structures: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: There is no need for the BMC to wait for an FIR to be registered before taking action against unauthorized structures, the Bombay high court has said. A division bench, headed by Justice A M Khanwilkar, also warned government officials from creating \"obstacles\" for BMC officers over action against illegal structures.\"We fail to understand as to what prevents the BMC from initiating action against unauthorized structures without waiting for the police authority approval,\" said the judges. The HC was hearing a petition filed by Prabhadevi resident Balu Shivgand against his neighbour over an unauthorized structure. The petition claimed that political pressure was being exerted on the BMC staff to not demolish the unauthorisedstructure. \"Perhaps, that may be the reason for the BMC officers to await approval from the police authorities to initiate further action in respect of the unauthorised structure. This cannot be countenanced,\" said the judges. The court also noticed an endorsement by the deputy secretary, urban development department, on a letter by a local politician seeking action against the BMC officers for demolishing the structure. \"We place on record that if such interference is noticed at the hands of government officials trying to create obstacles for BMC officials to proceed in the matterin accordance with law, that will be viewed seriously and taken to its logical end,\" said the bench during an earlier hearing of the case.The HC pointed out that according to the law, the BMC could initiate action against illegal structures under two provisions-under Section 53(6) of the MRTP Act and Section 351 of the Corporation Act. \"This (registering of FIR first) is not the procedure envisaged under that provision,\" said the judges. \"The BMC is obliged to take corrective measures by not only initiating prosecution against the persons responsible but also to take measures for removal of the unauthorized structure and compelling the occupant to restore the original position as per the approved plan. The BMC is not only obliged to ensure that structure is in consonance with the approved plan but also the user of the premises as per the norms prescribed for premises falling under the residential zone,\" said the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17563631", "title": "Sacked VCs told to continue, for now", "text": "PATNA: The six vice-chancellors of different universities in the state, whose appointment was cancelled by the Patna HC recently, have got a fresh lease of life, albeit temporarily.In exercise of the powers vested in him under Section 13 of the Bihar State Universities' Act, 1976 and the Patna University Act, 1976, and Section 14 of the Nalanda Open University Act, 1995, governor cum chancellor Devanand Konwar has allowed the erstwhile VCs to continue in their offices on an interim basis.HC had also sacked four pro-vice chancellors. The pro-VCs holding the charge of VCs have been allowed to remain in the office, said Raj Bhavan sources. The decision to \"reinstate\" these VCs has been taken to ensure smooth conduct of administrative and academic affairs of the universities and to avoid total dislocation of work pending the appointment of regular VCs, the Raj Bhavan notification issued on Monday said. The axed pro-VCs of three universities, who do not hold the charge of VCs, shall cease to remain on their posts. Patna HC, in its judgment delivered on December 7 last, had quashed the appointment of as many as six VCs and four pro-VCs of different universities.HC has granted two months' time for the appointment of new VCs and pro-VCs and spelt out the terms for consultation between the chancellor and the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "17566121", "title": "Chikmagalur braces to tackle water crisis", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: The district administration is preparing itself to provide drinking water to the parched areas of Kadur taluk, which is gripped by a severe shortage of drinking water.Deputy commissioner S T Anjanakumar said the situation was not so alarming at present, but would aggravate after 20 days as summer would begin to seep in. The district administration has instructed the engineering division of the ZP to find private high-yielding borewells so that they could purchase water from private parties and supply it to other parts of the taluk if need arose.Groundwater table has depleted in the district and hydro fracturing of existing borewells has also not resulted in much success in augmenting the water-yielding capacity of borewells.While supplying drinking water through borewells for Kadur and Birur town is an option, it is not feasible for every village in the taluk. The district administration is therefore contemplating ways of refilling small village tanks through some permanent source of water, the deputy commissioner said and added that he plans to convene a meeting with officials and the constituency MLA. Drawing water from Bhadra dam to Birur and Kadur towns will take five months. Construction of intake well and jack well is done, while pipelines are still being laid. The KUWSSB has said that work would be completed by the end of May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17565685", "title": "Schoolchildren urge all to vote", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a day of political awakening for young minds as more than 1,200 students from Calorx institutions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d The Calorx School, Delhi Public School Bopal branch and east Ahmedabad branch \u00e2\u20ac\u201dspread the message 'Vote For Our Future'. The students came together to appeal to all the eligible voters of the state to step up and vote for democracy and in particular, their future.The students brought out awareness rally from Law Garden to Sardar Patel Stadium in the city. Holding up placards and banners they prompted people to vote. The message conveyed to the adult population of the state was to exercise their franchise in the upcoming Gujarat assembly elections.Chairperson of Calorx Foundation Manjula Pooja Shroff said,\"While Gujarat has always seen fair voter turn-outs , it is alarming to see the educated urban voter adopt a laissez-faire attitude towards elections. These voters are well equipped to make an infor med and enlightened choice and yet act lazy. The campaign is an initiative by Calorx to make children, the future citizens of our country, take the lead for the cause of democracy.\"The foundation wants this campaign to change the sensibilities of many who will eventually realize the impact of their individual votes with the credit for the change going to children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17564989", "title": "Pune\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s heritage structures just got a boost", "text": "PUNE: The heritage structures in Pune will henceforth be conserved in a more professional manner as the civic body and Unesco-led Indian Heritage Cities Network (IHCN) have signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU).The IHCN provides a platform for sharing experience and expertise for sustainable socio-economic and cultural development of India's historic cities.The Pune Municipal Corporation, which struck the deal with IHCN on the inaugural day of an international seminar here on Monday, is upbeat about the development because joint efforts will be made to restore the heritage structures.\"Pune city has heritage value with many structures of historical relevance. There is a lot of scope for promotion of these structures and history associated with the city,\" Jayant Wagh, deputy engineer of the PMC's heritage cell, told TOI.The two-day seminar has been jointly organized by the PMC, IHCN, French embassy. The topics that are under focus during the event include 'Heritage economics studies: Where do we stand? In India and abroad?,' 'Monuments, sites, landscapes, museums: Good practices of management of an individual heritage institution,' 'Financial mechanism: Integrated heritage-based development' and 'Heritage for development: broader impact of heritage assets, brands, image and territorial development'.\"There are guidelines for preservation of heritage and also 'adaptable restoration' of structures. A number of national and international organizations are working in different parts of the world under our group. After the MoU, Pune too will be a part of this network. Joint programmes will be organised for the promotion of heritage in Pune as well as economical endorsement of heritage in the city,\" said IHCN chief executive officer V Govindankutty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17565416", "title": "Ramachandra Guha takes a dig at Farooq Abdullah", "text": "CHENNAI: Historian Ramachandra Guha on Monday faulted the Indian political class for lacking sensitivity on ecological sustainability issues. Replying to questions after delivering the keynote address to a seminar on sustainable development at IIT Madras, Guha gave the example of Union minister for new and renewable energy Farooq Abdullah as a case in point, saying, \"In India you have a minister who is more interested in golf and cricket.\"Guha said that the political leadership in China was much more cued in to renewable energy and sustainability issues. However, he acknowledged that India was a far more democratic than China despite heavy-handed measures like filing sedition cases to quell protesters at Kudankulam in Tamil Nadu.Guha noted that environmental pollution in China and India had the potential to destroy livelihood and sustenance of people. Lauding Indian environmental journalists of the 1980s, he lamented that this breed of scribes were now few and far between with most of them being turned into \"stock market reporters\" over the years. On the continuing agitation at the Kudankulam nuclear power plant site, he slammed the Central government for \"foisting sedition cases against fishermen\". \"It's a matter to worry about,\" he said.Earlier in his speech, taking a dig at the establishment in the context of various projects, he lamented that \"most powerful pressure is being exercised by most powerful economic and political forces to dismantle all environmental safeguards\".Decrying a mindset of looking back to Gandhian values to resolve present day challenges posed by technology vis-a-vis environment, Guha said, \"Mahatma Gandhi was a starting point and we should not keep returning to Gandhi who did not know the complexity of technology that we have today,\" he said, adding, \"Don't glorify the past.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17566324", "title": "IBL gets good support from corporates", "text": "NEW DELHI: Here's some good news for a non-cricket sport in these recessionary times.Organisers of the proposed Indian Badminton League claim to have already received 18 expressions of interest from Indian corporates for the six franchises, and expect a further 12-14 bids over the coming fortnight.A total of eight cities are in fray for the six franchises in the inaugural edition of the $1 million IBL, to be held in six cities across the country in June 2013.Hyderabad franchise has attracted the maximum number of interest from corporates, followed by Bangalore and Mumbai.The eight cities in fray are: Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Chennai, Pune, Lucknow and Nagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17567486", "title": "Hearing in Kaneria's appeal against life ban adjourned", "text": "KARACHI: The hearing into Pakistan leg-spinner Danish Kaneria's appeal against a life ban had to be adjourned in London after the counsel for the player objected to the absence of key witness, Mervyn Westfield, from the proceedings.According to details, the counsel for Kaneria, QC Tim Maloney, raised the issue that since Westfield was the main witness in the whole case, his presence at the hearing was imperative.Westfield absented himself from the hearing on grounds of ill-health.The former Essex player and teammate of Kaneria at the county was jailed by a crown court for a short period after confessing to accept payments for under-performing in a Pro-40 match against Durham in late 2009.Westfield later also named Kaneria as his alleged corrupter which led to a disciplinary panel of the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) imposing a life ban on Kaneria in June this year.Kaneria has appealed against the life ban and at the first appeal hearing on Monday Westfield was not present.\"Although the ECB counsel kept on insisting before the five-member appeal tribunal that it was not necessary to have Westfield at the hearing but Kaneria's counsel argued that since it was on the basis of his confession and testimony that his client was declared a grave danger to cricket,\" a source aware of the hearing developments said.\"Kaneria's counsel argued that since the appeal hearing was totally new they wanted to cross examine and question Westfield as they felt he had not been truthful in the earlier disciplinary hearing,\" the source said.The five member appeal tribunal ruled in favor of Kaneria and adjourned the proceedings for an indefinite period directing the ECB to ensure that Westfield appeared at the next date.The Pakistani spinner has not been cleared by his cricket board to play for the national team since Sept, 2010 due to the spot-fixing investigations by the Essex police that started in 2010.Kaneria, who has taken 261 Test wickets, also faces the prospect of paying a fine of 100,000 pounds if his appeal is dismissed by the appeal tribunal.The PCB has also suspended Kaneria from any cricket activities pending the outcome of his appeal after the ECB hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17565525", "title": "Beggar steals Rs 50k from trader, nabbed", "text": "LUDHIANA: A woman beggar pick pocketed Rs 50,000 cash from a businessman while he was on his way from Court complex near Bhai Waala Chowk to Bharat Nagar on Monday. After the businessman raised the alarm, people managed to catch hold of the thief. Police sources said Amarjeet Singh, a businessman of Model Town, was going from Court Complex near Bhai Waala Chowk towards Bharat Nagar Chowk when a woman beggar pick pocketed the money. Sources said that after getting his money back, the businessman didn't lodge any complaint against the beggar and let her off.SHO Division Number 5, Nirmal Singh said that there was no complaint from the businessman so they didn't register any case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17564663", "title": "BMC, cops told to unlock senior citizen's sealed house", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday directed the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) and the police to forthwith unlock the residence of a senior citizen in Worli and restore her possession along with her household articles.A division bench of Justice A M Khanwilkar and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was moved at 5pm by Vaishali Jalgaonkar (60) who lives in a rehabilitation building under a slum rehabilitation scheme. Her advocate Sanjiv Sawant argued that despite the matter scheduled for hearing on December 13 and without any final order passed for eviction, civic officials, along with the Worli police, barged into her premises in the afternoon and sealed it. Sawant also alleged that the \"unilateral and high-handed\" action was taken by the officials of her son.The judges were aghast and questioned how without any final order being passed, the premises could be sealed. \"All these matters will have to be examined in its proper prospective and appropriate order will have to be passed against the official concerned and responsible for the situation, either of the BMC or of the Maharashtra police,\" said the judges in their order.They directed the BMC to forthwith remove the lock on Jalgaonkar's residential premises. They also directed that if the lock is put by the police, the deputy commissioner of police (Worli area) will direct the senior inspector to remove the lock before 8pm and put Jalgaonkar back into the premises along with her household articles, which have been removed. The judges also directed the DCP to personally ensure compliance of their order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564704", "title": "NRHM scam: CBI grills executives of private firm", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation has recently questioned executives of a private firm in connection with alleged irregularities in supply of mobile medical units for providing medical facilities in some districts of Uttar Pradesh under the National Rural Health Mission. CBI sources said two private firms and a UP-based NGO are being probed for their alleged role in grabbing the contract worth over Rs 42 crore which caused an approximate loss of over Rs 20 crore to the exchequer.They said representatives of the private firm were questioned at CBI headquarters recently for nearly eight hours in connection with the scam. CBI is suspecting that there were alleged irregularities in the tendering process of the scheme and a case was registered in March this year, they said.The scheme was launched last year under the public-private partnership model to provide medical help to rural people in 133 blocks spread over 15 districts, which were difficult to reach or affected by Maoists. Under NRHM, a budget of Rs 42.68 crore was approved by the Centre for the project for providing facilities including mother and child healthcare, immunisation programmes besides other services which are available at primary health centres. Each unit had a medical and support staff provided by the operating firms on contract basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17563955", "title": "GU colleges open, work to begin by Jan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Colleges affiliated to the Gujarat University (GU) opened after a 21-day Diwali vacation, but the academic sessions are not set to begin till December-end.Officials said that immediately after the Diwali vacation, the GU began the first phase of exams which ended recently.Now, two more phases of exams will be held till December-end. This has practically ensured that no classes are held till the beginning of January.While the GU has given permission to colleges to start academic activity in the afternoon slot, teachers who are busy with the exams and election duties are in no mood to extend their working hours. Officials said that there are 350-odd arts, science, and commerce colleges affiliated to the GU. In the first phase, 40,000 students appeared for the exams while the rest will take them in two other phases.Two phases of exams will be conducted by December-end, so no classes will be held till January", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17511764", "title": "Government is committed to promoting internet access and protecting citizens' rights", "text": "The UPA government, in partnership with industry, is making large investments to build a non-discriminatory next generation telecommunications network across India. Our objective is to connect our farmers and panchayats, in addition to our cities, to high-speed internet.We believe this will improve governance \u00e2\u20ac\u201d particularly the delivery of social services such as education and healthcare \u00e2\u20ac\u201d make government departments more efficient, transparent and accountable, allow people to communicate with their friends and loved ones anywhere in the world at affordable prices, and allow everyone to access information in real time. We are even working to convert content into regional languages so that the internet in India becomes multilingual \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a global first \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and no one gets left behind.Therefore, to suggest that the UPA government is trying to curb the spread of the internet, or social media in particular, or curtail people's freedom of speech, is far from the truth. Instead, the government is looking at a far more pragmatic and multi-stakeholder approach to address internet-related issues and is decisively against government control over the internet.All over the world, the internet is governed by laws. India, too, must have its own laws for the internet, just as we have laws that govern other media such as print, TV and radio \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as well as the physical world. However, these internet laws have led to some confusion and misconceptions about the government wanting to muzzle free speech on the internet.The IT Act 2000 only provides a legislative framework for India's cyber world, broadly covering communications, piracy, fraud, theft, security, law and order and defamation. Leaving India's internet lawless, i'm sure one would agree, is neither prudent nor in line with global practices.We also know that the internet, its usage patterns and applications are multi-dimensional, dynamic and evolving rapidly, not just in India, but overseas too. Understanding these implications, it is critical for us to be up-to-date with technological and social trends while framing laws and communicating guidelines for their implementation. We need to apply foresight while modifying our laws and ensure that existing ones are not abused or even inadvertently misused.In the case of the Palghar arrests, where innocent girls were arrested under various IPC provisions and section 66A of the IT Act, the ministry of communications and IT said unitedly and unequivocally that the Maharashtra police had wrongly applied the IT Act, as well as the stringent provisions of the IPC.However, our words are not enough. It's not always that our media highlights such cases or succeeds in getting ministers to opine on them. What we really require are legal and administrative changes on the ground that renew our youth's confidence in their inalienable freedoms of speech and expression and allow them to continue to perceive the internet as a fun and informative medium.It is in this context that the department of electronics and IT, under the ministry of communications and IT, decided to issue guidelines relating to the application of section 66A of the IT Act. The power to use this section after someone has lodged a complaint has been given only to senior police officers. This will allow law enforcement agencies (LEA) to draw a distinction between frivolous complaints and serious ones.Furthermore, section 66A was deliberately made a bailable offense and will continue to be so. The ministry of communications and IT will also sensitise LEAs to use this section carefully when registering cases, so that the same judgment is applied to the IT Act as is with other related laws in the offline world.Though we are always open to suggestions to re-word various sections of the IT Act and will continue to convene multi-stakeholder policy dialogues which bring together governments, industry, academia and civil society before enacting any changes, it's important to put the recent controversies in the right perspective. We should be careful not to dismiss existing laws (or policies for that matter) because they've occasionally been misused. Corrective action to ensure that justice prevails, for the complainant and author alike, is always a possibility and is an ongoing process. One hasty and wrong decision should not lead to another.The internet laws enacted by Parliament are for your protection only. They are not intended to determine what content is acceptable and what is unacceptable, but only to provide legal recourse to someone who feels he/she has been caused harm online. Ultimately, it's for the judiciary to take a call and pronounce someone guilty or not guilty. The government's role is limited to providing an enabling legislative framework to protect nearly 380 million internet-enabled mobile phone users and 125 million registered internet users, regardless of whether someone is a student or a VIP.I am determined as well as hopeful that wider consultations and participatory discussions will lead to a widely acceptable model of internet governance which would make the medium freer, safer and a more positive experience for all of us. Eventually, we will have a perfect law. Until then, don't hesitate to surf.The writer is minister of state for communications, Information Technology and shipping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564374", "title": "4 hurt as building collapses in Geeta Colony", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four labourers were injured when a three-storey building being built in Geeta Colony collapsed on Monday. The structure gave way as substandard raw material was used in its construction, said Sandeep Gulati, SDM of the area. The building plan for the 42 sq yard plot was not sanctioned by the corporation and the contractor, Manmohan Srivastava, is absconding.Police received a distress call at 11.02am and rushed to the spot. The injured laborers have been identified as Bholu, Chhotelal, Raja and Firoze. \"We have registered a case under sections 337 (causing grievous hurt) and 288 (negligent conduct) of IPC,\" said a senior police officer.Residents alleged that complaints made to police and the corporation in the past had gone unheeded.\"Around 11am, there was a thunderous sound and we thought there was an earthquake. We immediately rushed out and saw that the building had collapsed. Fortunately, no one was out on the road or there would have been more casualties. Several complaints were made to police but every time, the contractor resumed work after suspending it for two-three days,\" said Mira Sabharwal, president, Geeta Colony RWA.However, officials of the corporation said a case had been registered on December 5 and a stop notice was sent to the contractor. \"The building was booked and several notices were sent to the contractor. But in a rush to complete the structure and ignoring the notices, he removed the shutters that are placed for support after laying the roof. The roof collapsed and the building came crumbling down,\" said SS Yadav, commissioner, East corporation.Gulati said he has asked the corporation to raze the remaining building and seal the site5. \"By Tuesday, the structure will be razed as it poses a threat to the residents. Fortunately, the buildings standing next to the collapsed building haven't developed any cracks... ,\" said Gulati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17566486", "title": "Under fire over flip-flops , Democratic Front govt gears up for memorial \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcshowdown\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Facing severe criticism from the public for its flip-flops over the removal of the makeshift memorial to Bal Thackeray , the government finally seems to be moving towards dismantling the structure, which might result in a showdown with the Shiv Sena.\"We permitted the Shiv Sena to hold the cremation at Shivaji Park in good faith and on certain conditions. It was expected that after the cremation, the party would remove the temporary structure on its own. However , instead of dismantling it, the Sena is politicizing the issue. It's unfortunate and a breach of trust,\" chief minister Prithviraj Chavan told TOI.According to reports, instructions have been issued to law-enforcing agencies to be prepared for a showdown over the matter.Chavan expressed strong displeasure over the statements made by a section of senior Sena leaders, saying they were determined to construct a memorial at the park. \"Taking cognizance of the sentiments of Sainiks, we had allowed the use of Shivaji Park for the funeral. But if some people want to challenge the government now, we will not allow them to take the law into their hands,\" he warned.A senior BMC bureaucrat said while there has been a prolonged delay in the matter , both Chavan and municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte will have to take a decision now in view of the army event at Shivaji Park. \"We have to hand over the entire park to the army for its annual event on December 12. The BMC will have to take a decision before that date. If the Sena does not remove the temporary structure on its own by then, the civic body will be left with no option but to dismantle it,\" he argued.Following an application by mayor Sunil Prabhu and Sena MP Sanjay Raut, the BMC had on November 18 granted special permission for the cremation at Shivaji Park. As there were no signs of the Sainiks dismantling the makeshift memorial, the BMC drafted a plan on November 25 for removal of the structure. However, the plan was delayed thrice after a senior Sena leader urged that the party be given some more time. When no action was taken even after a few days, Kunte served an ultimatum on both Prabhu and Raut, asking them to remove the structure or face the consequences. Raut, however, refused to do so.The senior BMC bureaucrat said: \"We were in the process of drafting a plan to remove the temporary structure on December 3 or 4. However, in view of Dr B R Ambedkar's death anniversary on December 6, the plan was postponed once again.\"All along, the chief minister has maintained that there is no question of the government granting permission for construction of the Thackeray memorial at Shivaji Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17563949", "title": "Man ends life after wife hangs herself", "text": "CHENNAI: A 30-year-old man committed suicide in Tiruvallur on Monday morning after his wife hung herself on Sunday night.Police said Mesak, a contract labourer with the railways in Kadambathur near Tiruvallur, had called up his wife Valli, 22, on his cellphone and said he would be late. This upset Valli. The conversation soon turned into an argument and Valli was upset after Mesak scolded her, said police.When Mesak returned home, he saw his wife hanging from the ceiling. Soon Valli's relatives gathered and blamed Mesak for the death. Not being able to take the accusation, Mesak left home.A search by his relatives proved futile. On Monday morning, they found him hanging from a tree outside the house. The couple are survived by a one-year-old son, Rakesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17566253", "title": "'CBI men behind Haridath's death'", "text": "KOCHI: A case has been registered against two CBI officers in connection with the death of assistant superintendent of police S Haridath, the state police informed the high court on Monday.Haridath was in charge of a probe into the custodial death of Sampath. His colleagues, inspectors S Unnikrishnan Nair and K K Rajan, were also part of the investigation.The police have registered case against Nair and Rajan, who approached the court with a plea to quash the charges against them.The inspectors, now under suspension, have been charged with abetment to suicide and fabrication of evidence.The crime branch had filed a report to a magistrate court at Kochi arraying the inspectors as accused.Haridath had mentioned the names of the inspectors in the suicide note, and the statements of the relatives of the deceased CBI officer revealed their roles, the affidavit filed by K G Simon, superintendent of crime branch, said.It has been alleged that the inspectors had forces Haridath to record statements of witnesses according to their wish.ASI S Purushothaman Pillai and senior civilian police officer Abdul Khayyum revealed that they were forced by the CBI inspectors to give statements according to the interests of the complainants in the case, the crime branch has told the court.Kochi: Case was registered against two CBI officials who investigated Sampath custodial death case as they were found to have a role in the death of CBI ASP S Haridath, who was in charge of the probe into Sampath case, crime branch wing of Kerala Police has informed the Kerala High Court.The submission through additional director general of prosecution KI Abdul Rasheed was in response to a petition filed by the two CBI inspectors, S Unnikrishnan Nair and K K Rajan, seeking to quash the charges against them.The two inspectors, who are now under suspension, are charged with abetment to suicide and fabrication of evidence. Crime branch had filed a report to a magistrate court at Kochi arraying the two inspectors as accused.The two inspectors were mentioned in the suicide note of Haridath, and statements of relatives of the deceased CBI officer reveal their roles, the affidavit filed by KG Simon, superintendent of crime branch at Ernakulam, said.Haridath's wife and brother-in-law have given statements under section 164 of Criminal Procedure Code (statement given to a magistrate) that the inspectors, who were part of the investigation team led by Haridath, had forced him to record statements of witnesses as they wished, crime branch has submitted to the court.Crime branch has also informed that statements of two officers of the state police who were accused in the custodial death are also against the two CBI inspectors.The statements by ASI S Purushothaman Pillai and senior civilian police officer Abdul Khayyum reveal that they were forced by the CBI inspectors to give statements according to the interests of the complainants in the case, crime branch has told the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17565120", "title": "US SEALs rescue Indian-origin doctor from Taliban", "text": "WASHINGTON: In a daring rescue operation, elite American commandos have rescued an Indian-American doctor who was in the custody of the Taliban in Afghanistan, losing one Navy SEAL and killing seven insurgents.Colorado-based Dilip Joseph had been abducted on December 5 along with two Afghan colleagues as they left a rural medical clinic in Sorobi district in Kabul province. He was rescued in an early Sunday operation ordered after intelligence showed that the doctor was in imminent danger of injury or possible death, according to a statement.\"This was a combined operation of US and Afghan forces,\" said 1st Lt Joseph Alonso, a spokesman for US forces in Afghanistan.\"Information was collected through multiple intelligence sources, which allowed Afghan and coalition forces to identify the location of Joseph and the criminals responsible for his captivity.\" General John Allen, the top commander of US forces in Afghanistan, said the joint force planned, rehearsed and successfully conducted the operation.President Barack Obama and his defence secretary Leon Panetta praised the special forces for conducting a successful rescue operation.The mission that rescued an American citizen \"was characteristic of the extraordinary courage, skill and patriotism that our troops\" show every day, Obama said.\"Tragically, we lost one of our special operators in this effort. Our thoughts and prayers go out to his family, just as we must always honor our troops and military families,\" he said in a statement.Panetta also commended the US Special Operations team who rescued American citizen captured by the Taliban in Afghanistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17564974", "title": "Moneylender assaulted in shop at Kasarwadi", "text": "PUNE: Unidentified persons are suspected to have robbed gold ornaments, among other things, after severely assaulting a moneylender with sharp weapons in his shop at Pawar Chawl in Kasarwadi on Monday afternoon.The exact value of the stolen goods could not be ascertained as the victim, Narendra Champalal Jain (44), of Nashik Phata, is in a state of shock. Jain has received severe blows on his hands and neck.The suspects had covered Jain's face with a handkerchief soaked in an adhesive. When the police removed the handkerchief after reaching the spot, they found that Jain's eyes and lips had got stuck due to the adhesive. \"Jain is being treated at a private hospital in Chinchwad. He is out of danger,\" said Shahaji Umap, deputy commissioner of police (zone-III). A knife and a shirt were found to have been left behind. The dog squad traced the trail of the suspects till Kasarwadi railway station.Jain lends money against mortgage of gold ornaments. His brother and nephew help him in running the business. Police inspector Sunil Pawar of crime branch (unit-III), who visited the spot, told TOI that the incident took place between 2 pm and 3 pm, when Jain was alone in his shop. \"A neighbouring shop owner alerted Jain's nephew after spotting blood stains at the shop's door steps,\" Pawar said.When Jain's nephew reached the shop, he found Jain lying in a pool of blood in another room of the shop. He immediately informed the police about the incident, he said.Jain was rushed to the Yashwantrao Chavan memorial hospital in Pimpri. Later, he was shifted to a private hospital in Chinchwad. \"The police are yet to establish what had been robbed from the shop as Jain was in a total shock and is not in a condition to speak,\" Pawar said.An officer from the Bhosari police station said, \"Jain's brother and nephew were not able to give any information about the exact value of the gold ornaments kept in the shop as only Jain knew about it\".The officer said the suspects may have entered the shop on the pretext of mortgaging some gold ornaments. \"We have found a gold chain in the shop,\" he said.Umap said the police have launched a massive search to trace the suspects.\"We have formed teams to probe the case,\" Umap added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17566304", "title": "NGOs allege 'corruption' in child development scheme", "text": "SHILLONG: NGOs have alleged that the state social welfare department has been in corrupt collusion with unscrupulous contractors/ manufactures, bureaucrats and politicians to siphon off money under the Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS), a flagship program of the Government of India.The NGOs, Civil Society Women's Organization and The Freedom Project, said the department siphons off about Rs 12 crore per year by supplying substandard, unhealthy nutritional supplements to children under the Supplementary Nutrition Programme of the ICDS through anganwadi centres.\"The Integrated Child Development Scheme is in shambles in Meghalaya,\" said a joint statement issued by the Civil Society Women's Organization and The Freedom Project.\"The state social welfare department is indulging in corrupt practices rather than using the supplementary nutrition programme under the ICDS to fight high levels of child malnutrition and abysmal maternal health. The department has supplied unhealthy food like precooked instant noodles containing MSG, malted milk product and milk powder to children,\" the NGOs alleged.\"Their actions are in clear violation of the Supreme Court's orders in the writ petition (civil) 196/2001, PUCL vs Union of India and others. The Supreme Court order said that children coming to anganwadi centres will have to be served hot cooked meals and should be provided take home ration,\" the statement issued by the NGOs read.It added, \"The Supreme Court also stated that food items should be procured from local women's groups and self-help groups to prevent contractors from manipulating this programme.\"According to the NGOs, the state government \"reluctantly followed the Supreme Court Orders (annex 2) and engaged local women's groups and SHGs to procure and supply the food items to anganwadi centres.\"\"Within a year and with active collusion of bureaucrats and politicians, contractors were allowed a backdoor entry in the name of manufacturers without any public knowledge or public announcement/tender. They not only started supplying pre-cooked instant noodles with MSG, but also unknown brands of biscuits, milk powder and malted food,\" the NGOs contended.\"The department of social welfare spent Rs 8,02,82,951 in 2009-2010 on noodles with MSG. They spent more money on milk powder and malted milk products,\" the NGOs said.\"It was only after public outcry and audit remarks that the department of social welfare stopped supplying the noodles and biscuits. However, they continue to supply malted food and milk powder despite National Institute of Nutrition tests, which prove the products substandard and unhealthy,\" the NGOs iterated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17565486", "title": "Space crunch adds to parking woes", "text": "LUDHIANA: The towaway zones in the city are hardly paid any heed to, as commuters continue to park their vehicles here violating the traffic rules, which also results in traffic snarls in busy markets.Another resident, Kajal Gupta, a commerce student residing in BRS Nagar, said the ratio of parking space and the number of vehicles in the city has a huge gap, but, \"That doesn't mean we park our vehicles in no parking zones causing traffic snarls. We should avoid such a scenario and prefer to walk a bit from parking areas set up near the markets.\" Sources in the traffic department say the fact that there are few parking spaces in the city prompts the residents to park their vehicles in the towaway zones. In most cases, the residents argue and justify, when penalized by the traffic police.Traffic in charge, Ludhiana, Jasmine Kaur, said they have issued 16,211 challans for parking vehicles in the towaway zones between February and November this year. \"But, the problem continues as people don't want to park their vehicles in regular parking area. On many occasions, they have fought with us while getting fined for wrong parking,\" said Kaur. She added that the department has adequate infrastructure to enforce the towaway zone restrictions with 12 recovery vans in two towaway offices at Sarabha Nagar and Mall Road.16,211 challans in 9 monthsThe traffic authorities have issued 16,211 challans for wrong parking between February and November this year. The total challans issued for traffic violations in the city are 1,53,546 from February to November this year. The challan amount for parking in towaway zones is Rs.800, Rs.500 for the tow and Rs.300 for wrong parking, which has to be deposited in the District Transport office in case of local residents and in cash on the spot for non locals. The traffic authorities also get the help of NGOs to know about the traffic jams due to wrong parking in the towaway zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17566099", "title": "Protein study helps in drug discovery: DFRL", "text": "MYSORE: Proteomics, the study of protein structures and functions, is a significant area in science and technology needing development in bio-oriented research, said Harsh Vardhana Batra, director of Defence Food Research Laboratory (DFRL), here on Monday.He was addressing a four-day UGC-sponsored national seminar on 'Basic Techniques in Isolation, Purification and Characterization of Proteins'. The seminar was organized by PG department of biochemistry of JSS College of Arts, Commerce and Science and Society of Biological Chemists (Mysore chapter).\"Various types of proteins and peptides, as well as of other specific molecules are used in almost all branches of biosciences and biotechnologies,\" he said.\"Detailed analysis of the proteome permits the discovery of new protein markers for diagnostic purposes. Analysis of novel molecular targets helps in drug discovery. Steps involved in proteomics are isolation and characterization of proteins. Separation of science and technology is necessary for further development in bio-oriented research,\" he explained.Throwing light on the characterization of proteins, he said that identifying their sub-units promote our understanding of the machinery involved in many body processes. Proteomic studies can identify a protein binding pattern. This can provide insight into how protein complexes function and how they are regulated.Over the last few decades, study of proteins applied to food safety and the study of quality control in food production processes. That is why, food quality and safety and their influence on health of consumers have increasingly become a founding principle in the international agenda of health organizations, he said.\"Currently, there is no single platform that represents the 'best' technology for complete proteomic discovery, characterization and integration, which is required for detection,\" said Batra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17565324", "title": "Army Public School does away with junk food items", "text": "BHOPAL: Schools are taking it up a notch up these days when it comes to inculcating 'healthy habits' in their students. From pre-assembly warm up to stringent rules on the tiffin they bring, schools make sure that children are on their toes, literally.Army Public School, Bairagarh is one such shining example in the city. The school has strictly prohibited the students from getting any 'junk food' to school.Principal of the school Seema Dwivedi talking to TOI said, \"A circular was already sent to the parents that they should give their wards fresh and healthy tiffin. The teachers strictly monitor the tiffin of the students and make sure they do not bring any junk food or leftovers.\"Children are dissuaded from bringing junk foods like Maggi, leftover pizzas, bread and butter sandwiches, or even too much oily tiffin to school, she said.\"We have even provided a list of healthy foods to the parents. We encourage students to bring nutritious Indian food like roti-subzi, idli-dosa and upma,\" she said.\"The school also organises healthy tiffin competition annually and both the child and the mother are awarded,\" the principal said.Besides, the school canteen also does not stock any aerated drinks and children are told not to bring money for the canteen more than once a week, she added.St Joseph's Convent, Idgah Hills, on the other hand conducts a 5-minute pre-assembly warm-up four times a week whenever the general assembly is held. Besides, the school has a 45-minute group PT (GPT) every Saturday.Spokesperson of the school Ravdeep Singh said, \"This has been going on since a couple of years to inculcate tough habit in students apart from the regular games and PT periods per class.\"\"This is being done so that body toning and fitness of students improve as most spend a lot of time on sedentary activities,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17565723", "title": "Goa State Pollution Control Board returns 71 mining renewal applications", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) returned 71 applications seeking the renewal of consent to operate filed by mining operators and other parties, in view of the stoppage of mining activities following a Supreme Court (SC) directive.A GSPCB official said that they have not been able to clear all applications at one go due to time constraints. \"Though the process for returning the applications that have been pending with us has started, there are still some applications left. These will be cleared in a day or two,\" said a GSPCB official.The decision was taken at a board meeting some time ago.The GSPCB has also received requests from stackyards, jetties, screening plants, beneficiations plants for renewal of consent to operate. The GSPCB official said that they will be able to consider applications from mining companies for consent to operate or others involving mining-related activities only after the ban on mining activities is lifted.After the stoppage of mining, GSPCB received one or two complaints about mining pollution. \"The only major complaint we received was about discharge of mining silt in Shirgao village. I don't think there are any other complaints about mining pollution,\" said a GSPCB official.Monitoring by GSPCB at various mining stations in the mining belt has not stopped. \"We haven't stopped checking air ambient quality at stations in the mining belt,\" the official added.Honda, Dharbandora, Assnora, Bicholim and Tisk-Usgao are some of the stations identified by GSPCB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564444", "title": "Probe Walmart 'bribe', says opposition", "text": "NEW DELHI: Walmart's disclosure of spending $25 million (over Rs 125 crore) on lobbying, including efforts to gain a foothold in the lucrative Indian market, led to the Rajya Sabha being adjourned on Monday as parties opposed to FDI in multi-brand retail found fresh ammunition to demand the decision be rescinded.Opposition leaders called for a thorough probe into Walmart's disclosures to see if the money was spent on Indian law makers and in India. They said the revelations are fresh evidence of global retailers seeking to influence decision making with regard to FDI in retail in India.After the company's disclosure report related to spending on various lobbying activities, including on those related to \"enhanced market access for investment in India\" since 2008 rocked Parliament, the firm issued a clarification in the evening.\"These allegations are entirely false. In accordance with US law, US companies are required to disclose the issues and expenditures associated with lobbying on a quarterly basis. The expenditures are a compilation of expenses associated with staff, association dues, consultants, and contributions spent in the United States .\"Our Washington office naturally had discussions with US government officials about a range of trade and investment issues that impact our businesses in the US and worldwide and disclosed this in accordance with the law,\" a Bharti Walmart spokesperson said in an e-mailed statement.Earlier in the day, BJP leader Yashwant Sinha alleged money was spent to illegally influence decision making while party's chief spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said lobbying was not legal in India and demanded the government reveal the recipients of the money.Even SP leader Mohan Singh called for a probe although his party bailed out the government during the FDI vote. He had an interesting explanation to offer, saying, \"No SP leader knows English. So, SP cannot play any role for advocating entry of foreign companies. SP does not have any role in the Walmart deal.\"For the world's largest retailer, which has a 50-50 back-end joint venture with the Bharti Group, the disclosure on lobbying-related spending is the latest in a series of controversies and comes at a time when it is looking to expand its relationship with its local partner for a wider pan-India footprint. The enforcement directorate is already investigating if the company violated rules by investing in Cedar investment. In addition, its internal probe related to violation of US anti-bribery law is underway.Referring to the reports filed with the US Senate, Prasad said apprehensions were raised earlier about Walmart spending huge money to lobby for entering the Indian market. \"Walmart has in its lobbying disclosure report to the US Senate said it has spent Rs 125 crore on lobbying and $3 million had been spent in 2012 itself for entering the Indian market,\" he said.\"Lobbying is illegal in India. Lobbying is a kind of bribe. If Walmart has said that hundreds of crores of rupees were spent in India, then it is a kind of bribe. Government should tell who was given this bribe. This raises a question mark on the implementation of FDI in retail,\" Prasad said in the Rajya Sabha.He was supported by members Left parties, SP, JD (U), Trinamool Congress , AGP and AIADMK. Even DMK member T Siva was seen on his feet. The Upper House was adjourned over the issue twice when SP members were also heard simultaneously raising their voices against reservation in promotion to SCs and STs Bill.Demanding an inquiry into the issue, CPI (M) leader Sitaram Yechury said, \"We are not saying who has taken money or not. What we are saying is that Walmart itself is saying that it has spent the money. There are cases of corruption in the court. So government should inquire into it\".Unfazed by the renewed protest on the FDI issue, Congress cautioned its detractors that consistent opposition to the measure will boomerang and declared that more reforms are on the anvil.\"Any attempt to further stall the process will only boomerang... UPA government was successful in getting Parliamentary stamp in getting economic reforms approved. After this stamp, a confident government will go ahead with reforms...,\" party spokesperson P C Chacko told reporters here.\"Since the late 80s, all reforms have been stoutly opposed by left and opportunistically by the Right. It is resolve of the Congress party to implement the economic reforms. This process of reform that started from 1980s made a forward step (with FDI). ...The will of Parliament has been stated unambiguously and any attempt to stall the process will only boomerang,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17566211", "title": "ABVP protest against Rajasthan Uiniversity exam fee hike", "text": "JAIPUR: Hoolaganism is back on RU campus. The Akhil Bhatrtiya Vidhatri Parishad (ABVP), the student wing of BJP staged a demonstration on the campus demanding rollback in the examination fees hiked by Rajasthan Uiniversity recently. Nearly 100 students gathered at the main gate at 10 am and burn tyres to mobolise more students to join the protest.Later, they proceded towards the VC secretariat raising slogans. The blocked the entry of the VC secretatrait hampering administrative work. The group restricted entry at the gate for two hours before they were called in by the university officials and assured them of considering their demands later as the vice-chancellor B L Sharma was not present.\"We have given them deadline of three days to revoke the fees or we will not allow the classes to function at the university and its constituent colleges,\" said Giriraj Shekawat, ABVP leader, who also raised the issue of postponing the online filing of examination forms.Police present on the campus remain quiet and did not make any effort to disprse them. The protest of this scale was seen after months on the campus. Since students elections held in August, there was no major demostration involving students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564462", "title": "Vendors occupy pavements, shoppers forced onto roads", "text": "NEW DELHI: In Karol Bagh market, shoppers walk on roads as street vendors have taken over the pavements. While the vendors claim they are licensed to operate, North Delhi Municipal Corporation says it has issued tehbazaaris to only 340 people and the rest are operating illegally.Traders say the number of street vendors has increased manifold over the years due to lax enforcement. \"Street vendors outnumber the shopkeepers here. It has not only affected out business but also left no space to walk,'' said Murli Mani, president of Karol Bagh Traders' Association.Sources say there are 1,000-1,200 tehbazaaris in this area. And the corporation is yet to draft a policy to regulate street vendors. The vendors' association, however, claims all the tehbazaaris are authorized. \"Some of us have tehbazaari licences while the others have applied for them. The corporation has been sitting on this issue for years now,'' said Devendra Kohli, a street vendor and member of the vendors' association.The erstwhile MCD had identified 1.3 lakh street vendors and agreed to allot vending sites to them, but the process has not started. Arbind Singh, national coordinator, National Association of Street Vendors of India, said, \"There are 1,000-1,200 street vendors in Karol Bagh market where seven roads have been declared hawking zones. But the space for hawkers has been encroached upon by the parking mafia. At some points, the corporation has given out space for parking. What option do the vendors have but to sit on pavements?\"Mahinder Nagpal, leader of the house, North Corporation, said, \"We have drafted a policy for street vendors and will soon approve it. We will identify new sites for them\".While the corporation claims that a new policy is in place, vendors say they don't want to move out. \"The corporation had allotted new sites to some of us, but these were not in the market area. How will we earn our livelihood if we are removed from the market?'' said Kohli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17566468", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSena shouldn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t interfere with original name\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Residents of Shivaji Park are awaiting Shiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray's intervention in the Bal Thackeray memorial issue.Some old-timers believe that the Sena should first honour Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj as it has espoused various causes using the Maratha warrior's name.\"There cannot be any encroachment, temporary or permanent, on a public playground . We are short of public open spaces and we will strongly oppose this. Organizations like the Shiv Sena, which always talk about Shivaji Maharaj, should not interfere with the original name and have memorials in the park other than that of Shivaji Maharaj . They should not use the park to perpetuate their leader's memory. It will be a real tribute to Shivaji Maharaj, in whose name they are undertaking social and political agendas,\" said a resident.Another resident fears that the situation will get violent if the gover nment intervenes. \"It is a clash between many titans like the Shiv Sena, the BMC commissioner, the chief minister and the police force. We are certain that Uddhav will take a view of everything and then take a decision. We are sure it will be a fair decision in public interest,\" said the resident.Rishi Aggarwal, a city environmentalist, said half of Indu Mills, which is on a 12-acre plot, should be allocated for Thackeray's memorial and the other half for Dr B R Ambedkar's smarak. \"They will get more space than Shivaji Park, as crowds will throng the smarak and can be better managed at Indu Mills,\" he said.NGO Citispace, fighting for the preservation of open spaces, is clear that public spaces need to remain open, as the ratio of open spaces compared to the national building code norms is deplorable\u00e2\u20ac\u201d0 .03 acres per thousand people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17565291", "title": "Rahul Gandhi for more power to local bodies", "text": "IMPHAL: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Monday called for delegating power to local bodies, while stating that the UPA government is moving ahead with the implementation of its direct cash transfer scheme for the intended beneficiaries.Addressing a huge meeting at Hatta Kangjeibung in Imphal East during his two-hour visit, the Gandhi scion lamented that power is not delegated in many parts of the country.Recalling Rajiv Gandhi's statement that only 15 paise out of a rupee reaches the common man, which implies leakage at various levels, Rahul said the Centre is working on implementing its scheme to transfer cash under the national flagship programmes directly to beneficiaries' bank accounts.\"This is 21st century politics and all states have to work together to implement it,\" Rahul said at the meeting venue under tight security.Emphasizing on the importance of national unity, Rahul said people should feel as comfortable as they are in their home in other parts of the country. He extolled boxer Mary Kom's victory in the London Olympics, saying she fights not only for herself in the ring but for the whole country.\"I like coming to Manipur and the most important thing about my visit is that you make me proud to be an Indian,\" Rahul said. In fact, the Gandhi scion, on his way to the airport, stopped by a roadside tea stall and had some 'chai' and local snacks.Commenting on ill-treatment to people of the northeast in other parts of the country, Rahul said the atrocities were committed by a small number of people and the general public think of all citizens as one. Taking a dig at other political parties for rooting for one religion and one community, Rahul said, \"Unlike them, we stand for one India. That is why we move forward.\"Rahul inaugurated a state-level convention for local self-government and the UPA's 16-point flagship programme at the venue. He also met a large number of volunteers of the state youth Congress and the NSUI before leaving for Imphal in the afternoon.Congress's northeast in-charge Luzinho Faleiro, who accompanied Rahul, chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh and deputy CM Gaikhangam lauded the Gandhi family's vision and work towards taking the country forward on the path of development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17565785", "title": "Central Tibetan Administration invites China teams to prove allegations", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The Central Tibetan Administration (CTA) has openly challenged China and has invited Chinese authorities to its headquarters while contradicting allegations leveled by Beijing authorities that Tibetan government-in-exile incites self-immolations in Tibet.\"CTA invites Chinese authorities to send an investigative team to Dharamshala to prove their assertion that the self-immolations are incited by the Tibetan government and the Dalai Lama. This is in the wake of the recent Xinhua report alleging that two Tibetans have confessed that the Dalai Lama instructed Tibetans to set themselves on fire,\" said a CTA spokesperson.\"If China genuinely wishes to end the self-immolations, instead of resorting to the blame game, it should allow unfettered access to international bodies to Tibetan areas to investigate the root cause,\" said Lobsang Sangay, political successor to Dalai Lama.Pressing its demand for genuine autonomy, CTA further said that there is a way for China to end the crisis in Tibet and the path has been clearly laid out by Dalai Lama - the middle-way policy.\"The policy does not seek independence for Tibet. Rather, it seeks that the Tibetan plateau comes under one single administration which enjoys real autonomy within the scope of the constitution of People's Republic China,\" CTA said.Dalai Lama's noble prize anniversary commemoratedTibetan government-in-exile commemorated the 23rd anniversary of the conferment of the Nobel Peace Prize upon the Dalai Lama and 64th anniversary of the International Human Rights Day. On this occasion, the Tibetan administration said that self-immolations are a non-violent way of protests.Lobsang Sangay said that self-immolations are a continuation of a sustained non-violent Tibetan resistance against the repression of Tibetans. \"Inevitably, the Chinese Communist Party has blamed the self-immolations on the exiled Tibetan leadership. But to blame the Dalai Lama and the Tibetan administration is a frank admission by the Chinese government of its utter failure to win loyalty of the Tibetans,\" Sangay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17564710", "title": "Railways plans to cancel trains from January", "text": "LUCKNOW: Railways have planned to cancel, partially cancel or divert some of the trains, which are generally affected during foggy weather. The cancellation/partial cancellation or diversion of trains will come into effect from January 1 and will remain till February 18.The trains which will remain fully cancelled are 12873/12874 Hatia-Anand Vihar Terminus Jharkhand SJ Express, 13039/13040 Howrah-Delhi Janata Express, 14005/14006 Sitamarhi-Anand Vihar Terminus Lichhvi Express, 14309/14310 Ujjain-Dehradun Ujjaini Express, 14043/14044 Kotdwar-Delhi Garhwal Express, 19781/19782 Jaipur-Amritsar Express, 14211/14212 Agra Cantt-New Delhi Intercity and 14681/14682 New Delhi-Jallandhar Intercity.The trains that will remain partially cancelled during the period are 13111/13112 Kolkata-Delhi Lal Quila Express between Mughalsarai and Delhi and 13007/13008 Howrah-Sriganganagar Udyan Toofan Abha Express will remain cancelled between Sriganganagar-Mughalsarai. In case there is no fog, Railways will start the booking with a three-day notice with a caution notification of any likely cancellation due to foggy conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17563379", "title": "With another award in her kitty, Vani Jairam sings on", "text": "CHENNAI: She sings in 18 Indian languages and is proficient in both Carnatic and Hindustani genres. Her voice launched the careers of dozens of heroines, from Jaya Bhaduri and Parveen Babi to Shabana Azmi and Juhi Chawla , but even after decades in the profession, Vani Jairam has no plans to retire. She is receiving the coveted Subramanya Bharathi Award in the city on Tuesday.Her song 'Mora Saajan' for the 1972 hit 'Pakeezah' brought Meena Kumari's character alive. She was also the voice for Hema Malini in the 1979 classic 'Meera' and has sung several classics for regional films like 'Apoorva Raagangal' in Tamil and 'Sankarabharanam' and 'Swathi Kiranam' in Telugu.The diminutive playback singer admits that, at 67, she is still open to offers. But she continues to do concerts on invitation. \"I never refuse if I'm called to sing for films,\" she says.Asked about the latest award that will be presented on the Tamil bard's birth anniversary, Jairam says, \"It is an inspiration to continue to work, to work harder and to try to maintain a standard of excellence.\"Between sips of ginger tea at Heritage, the apartment building where she resides with her sitarist husband on Haddows Road in the city, her eyes glow as she reminisces her debut in Bollywood and how she sang all the songs for the Hrishikesh Mukherjee-directed 'Guddi'. Among her favourites from that soundtrack are notably 'Bole Re Papi Hara\" which fetched her five awards including the prestigious Tansen award. Over the years she has bagged over 25 awards including three national awards.Her smooth seamless voice never falters whether she is singing in Hindi or Marathi, Gujarati or Tulu. \"I used to sit for long hours with music directors to perfect the intonations,\" she says. \"But Malayalam and Odiya lines were tough to learn,\" she admits.Jairam attributes her splendid voice to 18 hours of daily 'riyaz' with her Hindustani music guru Ustad Abdul Rahman Khan in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17565642", "title": "Labour shortage, a rippling effect of extended outages in Kovai district", "text": "COIMBATORE: Industrial units in the region are not only reeling under severe power shortage but they are also being threatened by labour shortage, especially the foundry and casting units which are suffering a massive dip in production.Migrant labourers who constitute a major part of the workforce at the SIDCO industrial estate, where more than 250 small, medium and large scale units function, are slowly moving away as most units are finding it extremely difficult to operate at full production capacity. Though some units say they are trying to retain their workforce by paying wages even when there is no work, most are finding it difficult to follow suit, forcing labourers to look for better opportunities in other sectors.\"We get around Rs 180 as daily wages which is hardly enough. Many people have left their jobs, failing to return to work after the Diwali holidays,\" says Kamlesh Prasad , a 33 year old labourer from Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh.Kamlesh Prasad is also apprehensive about his future. He works in a casting unit and is hoping that the situation will improve. He laments that overtime wages are not possible given the present scenario. \"If overtime was possible, I could have earned up to Rs 320 a day, which allows me to send some money back home,\" says Chottelal Choudhury a casting unit labourer.Most units have their own people they go to when they need more labour. These men are usually senior labourers themselves from the north, who have been with the company for 10 to 15 years. But even they are finding it difficult to provide the extra hands needed. \"Earlier, it was easy to send people from my village to Coimbatore, but not anymore. The labourers expect to work a minimum of 12 hours, and this is something units cannot guarantee,\" said G Jawahar, a supplier and employee hailing from Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh.Unit owners say that a major reason for this slump, especially in casting and foundry units, is because normal generator backup is insufficient to operate at full capacity.P Palanichamy, Managing Director of Indo Shell Mould Ltd, who operates seven major units, confirms that getting labour is his most difficult problem. \"My seven units had a migrant work force of about 2800 persons six months ago but this has gone down to 1800,\" he said.\"Even though the government is claiming that the power scenario is expected to improve by 2013 the industrial sector will require at least five years to regain its lost footing,\" says R Nagarajan, President, Coimbatore SIDCO Industrial Estate Manufacturers Welfare Association.According to a rough estimate the total number of labourers employed on daily wages in the industrial estate is estimated to be between 8000 and 10,000. Most of these men hail from Orissa, West Bengal , Assam , Bihar and Uttar Pradesh. Both the workers and unit owners agree that unless and until they get about 12 hours of uninterrupted power the scenario is not likely to improve in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17563967", "title": "Charges framed in \u00e2\u20ac\u212206 NRI murder case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: More than six years after the murder of an NRI, Pankaj Trivedi, a city sessions court on Monday framed charges against 10 accused persons.Trivedi, who had taken on the Swadhyay Parivar led by Pandurang Shastri's daughter Dhanshree Talvalkar, was clubbed to death with a baseball bat near Ellisbridge Gymkhana on June 15, 2006.Additional sessions judge M K Dave read out charges of criminal conspiracy, murder, and unlawful assembly along with other sections of the IPC and the Bombay Police Act to the accused persons, who pleaded not guilty.The accused persons charged were Chandrasinh Jadeja, Mukesh Chudasama, Daxesh Shah, Bhupatsinh Jadeja, Mansinh Vadher, Ghanshyamsinh Chudasama, Bharat Bhatt, Bharatsinh Jadeja, Chandrakant Daki and Jashubha Jadeja. They are all out on bail.Meanwhile, two witnesses in this case \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Vinu Sanchaniya and Girish Joshi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d tendered applications for a further probe, through advocate Vinod Gajjar. In their pleas, they claimed that the investigating officer, the PI of Ellisbridge police station at the time, V D Gohil, has been shielding the influential people from the Swadhyay Parivar by not taking vital information and evidence on record.The witnesses claimed that Gohil was always appointed as IO in all cases lodged against the members of the group, whether the offence was registered in Jamnagar or Ahmedabad. They alleged that the cop seeks to close the case.Alleging a nexus between the investigator and Swadhyay Parivar, the witnesses demanded a further probe by an investigating agency that has some credibility.The applicants claimed that there were many others involved in Trivedi's murder, but the IO did his best to shield them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17566383", "title": "Rahul for devolution of power to local bodies", "text": "IMPHAL: AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi on his visit to the state on Monday emphasized the need to devolve power to local bodies and stated that the UPA government is moving ahead with the implementation of its direct cash transfer scheme for the targeted people.Addressing a huge meeting at Hatta Kangjeibung in Imphal East during his two-hour visit on Monday, the Gandhi scion lamented that power is not devolved in many parts of the country.Recalling his late father Rajiv Gandhi's statement that only 15 per cent of the government money reaches the common man, which implies leakage of funds at various levels, Rahul said the Centre is working on implementing its scheme to transfer cash under the national flagship programmes directly to beneficiaries' bank accounts.\"This is the politics of the 21st century and all the states have to work together to implement it,\" Rahul said at the meeting venue under watertight security cover.Emphasizing on the importance of the notion of oneness among all citizens of the country, he said people should feel as comfortable as they are in their home in all parts of the country.For him, every Indian state, whether Manipur or any other state in the northeast, is as important as those in the centre of the country.He extolled Mary Kom's victory in the London Olympics saying she fights not only for herself inside the ring but for the whole country. Mary's victory is the voice of the nation, he said, adding the voice comes from education and the ability to get jobs, from mobile technology, and from the right to food to millions of countrymen and other developments.\"I like coming to Manipur and the most important thing about my visit is that you make me proud to be an Indian,\" Rahul said. In fact, the Gandhi scion, on his way to the airport, stopped by a roadside tea stall and had some 'chai' and local snacks.Commenting on the ill-treatment meted out to people of the northeast in mainland India, he said the atrocities were committed by a small number of people and the general public think of all citizens of the country as one.Taking a dig at other political parties for rooting for one religion and one community, Rahul said, \"Unlike them, we stand for one India. That is why we move forward.\"Rahul inaugurated a state-level convention for local self-government and the UPA's 16-point flagship programme at the venue. He also interacted with a large number of volunteers of the state youth Congress and the NSUI before leaving for Imphal in the afternoon.Congress's northeast in-charge Luzinho Faleiro, who accompanied Rahul, chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh and deputy CM Gaikhangam lauded the Gandhi family's vision and work towards taking the country forward on the path of development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17563501", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcIdentify those giving shelter to accused\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Monday directed the senior SP (SSP), Patna, to find out the persons who had given shelter to a murder case accused absconding for a year after having jumped the interim bail.A single bench of Justice V N Sinha issued the directive to the SSP to further probe the case of murder of a person in an area under Naubatpur police station in Patna district. The accused, Mithilesh Singh, had jumped the interim bail granted by the high court. The court had suo motu taken up the matter on the basis of a news report about Singh.Making a remark as to how an accused could abscond for an year after being given interim bail by the high court, Justice Sinha directed the SSP to identify the persons who had given shelter to Singh and submit the action taken report (ATR) before the court on December 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17563400", "title": "Alagiri happy as son gets bail", "text": "MADURAI: Quashing the non-bailable warrant issued against Durai Dayanidhi, son of Union Minister M K Alagiri, the Madurai Bench of the Madras High court granted anticipatory bail to him and 14 others in the multi-crore granite quarry scam, on some conditions.Owners of the major granite firms, PRP Granites, Sindu Granites, and Olympus Granites in which Dayanidhi Alagiri was a partner along with the owner S Nagarajan were accused in the multi-crore granite quarry scam. The former Madurai district collector U Sagayam, in his report which stirred the hornet's nest had stated that illegal quarrying of granite had cost the government over Rs 16,000 crore.Cases were registered against the major firms, based on a complaint from the Village Administrative officer of the region. The Keezhavalavu VAO in his report accused the owner of Olympus granites S Nagarajan and his partner Dayanidhi of encroaching on the land adjacent to the area permitted to them and causing a loss of Rs 44 crore to the government. Cases were booked against them under various IPC sections including 120(b) (criminal conspiracy), 447 (criminal trespass) and 420 (cheating) against them.His anticipatory bail application was rejected twice by the bench. Further, the Judicial Magistrate of Melur V Jayakumar issued a non bailable warrant against Dayanidhi and the police intensified their search operations against him.The bail application came up for hearing before Justice C T Selvam, who directed Dayanidhi to surrender his passport at the Judicial Magistrate court in Melur and appear and report at the Keezhavalavu police station daily. The Judge also directed him to pay a Personal security for Rs.10,000.Others also granted bail include owners of Sindu Granites P K Selvaraj, Suriyaprakash and Shanthi, S Nagaraj owner of Olympus granites and Rafiq of Madura Granites in spite of the government opposing their bail on conditions including to appear before the concerned police station which included Melur and Keezhavalavu.Meanwhile, Union Minister M K Alagiri who has been maintaining a low profile during his visits to Madurai in the recent times after his son's name came up in the granite quarry scam, seemed quite happy when he attended the marriage function of the son of Misa Pandian a DMK functionary. He seemed to be passing a warning to the DMK high command when he said that nothing could happen in Madurai without his support. \"How will traitors win without us,\" he said.He said the father of the groom, Misa Pandian, had been his true supporter right from the 1980s when he (Alagiri) had come to Madurai to take up the responsibility of running the 'Murasoli' newspaper. \"He has remained by my side even during the most difficult times,\" he said.\"There are many DMK men who used me to get big posts in the government when the DMK was in power, but now many of them have decided to avoid me and I am least bothered by these traitors,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17564782", "title": "Unhappy with cane state advisory price, RLD to protest on December 15", "text": "LUCKNOW: Unconvinced with Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's argument that the state advisory price (SAP) declared for the cane farmers was 'good enough', the top brass of Rashtriya Lok Dal on Monday, decided to hold demonstration across various districts on December 15.RLD national general secretary, Jayant Chaudhary said that Samajwadi Party had announced a hike of 50% in SAP in its election manifesto. But what came through was barely 16%. State president of RLD, Munna Singh Chauhan, said that they would be handing over representations, addressed to UP governor, to the district magistrates. The party also demanded roll back of the hike in transportation charges from Rs 5.75 to Rs 8.75 per quintal. These charges would be deducted from the SAP (on a per quintal basis) if the mill transports cane from the procurement centre to the mills.The RLD MP from Mathura also said that a three-member committee comprising, former RLD MLA Hari Singh Dhillon, Sudhir Panwar and KK Tripathi would be set up to assess the recommendation of the Rangarajan committee on deregulation of the sugar cane industry. The committee will submit its report within a month. The report, Chaudhary said, would be handed over to the prime minister.Chaudhary also demanded the state government to hand over requisite land for development of the airports in the state. RLD chief Ajit Singh , who is also the Union civil aviation minister had in November asked the UP government to expedite acquisition and handing over of the land for construction of airports, including the one in Jhansi, Mathura and Agra.Chaudhary said that this was important for the overall development of the state.RLD also accused the UP government of not doing enough to see that paddy is bought at the procurement centres. \"It is because of this that the farmers are forced to sell off their produce to middlemen at low prices,\" Chauhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17569145", "title": "Siddharth Tewary's back with 'Amita Ka Amit'", "text": "Producer Siddharth Kumar Tewary is back armed with a new show almost after six months ever since his show Navya ended.The show titled Amita Ka Amit will air on Sony Entertainment Television. And according to sources the star cast comprises prominent faces from Gujrati theatre. Everything is being kept strictly under wraps although the promo has been shot. The story is set against the backdrop of Mumbai and it revolves around two ordinary people.Informs the source, \"The project is extremely close to Siddhart and he has spent a lot of time on the show. The show is expected to go on air in January. The cast comprises rank newcomers and some senior actors like Meenal Patel, who has played IM Virani's mother in Mukti Bandhan and Raksha Desai, who played grandmother in Hamari Devrani . The title of the show is very catchy and has the names of both the male and the female lead in it.\" Siddharth didn't revert to our text message.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17563921", "title": "4-day power holiday for industry from 2013?", "text": "HYDERABAD: The ongoing power crisis is all set to hit the industrial units even further with the power grid officials informing the state government on Monday that from January next year, they would be able to supply electricity to the industrial units only for 10 days a month, implying that the three-day a week power holiday currently in place will be extended to four days a week.Based on the grid estimates, the four power distribution companies informed chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Monday that the gap between the power demand and supply is set to cross 100 million units (about 4000 MW) per day with the onset of rabi season next month. \"Therefore, we would have no option but to increase the power holidays from the existing 3 days a week to 4 days a week for the industrial consumers to manage the situation in the rabi season,\" they said. The rabi season commences in January and concludes in April and the 7-hour free power supply to farmers accounts for nearly 35% of the total power produced.At present, industries across the state are being imposed massive curbs through three optional methods - three-day power holiday a week, or 18 days of power in a month or draw 60% of their capacity per day. At the same time, between the peak hours of 6 pm to 10 pm, the units can draw only 10% of their capacity irrespective of which of the three curbs they chose. The increase in the curbs to 4-day power holiday is all set to hit the industrial units already facing production losses and drop in employment.\"During the January-April rabi season, we are expecting a peak demand of 320 million units per day, which would be an all-time record in the state. At present, we are able to supply only 220 to 230 million units of power per day with great difficulty,\" a senior official in APTransco told TOI.The situation further worsened with shortage of the transmission corridor for the state as it draws power from the Southern Grid. The grid has a total capacity of 1000 MW power which needs to be distributed among the four power starved states of Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, AP and Kerala. In fact, Tamil Nadu and AP recorded the highest power shortage in the country and many industries have either closed down or pruned their production due to steep power cuts.\"This is going to be big burden on the industry in the state. We have already told the state government that it is unviable to run the units and that the only solution is to close down the units for a temporary period,\" lamented members of the Mallapur industrial estate association that accommodates more than 2000 SME units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17565165", "title": "Black buck case: Jodhpur court summons Salman, Saif, 3 others", "text": "JODHPUR: A local court on Monday summoned Bollywood star Salman Khan and four other actors to appear before it on February 4 for the framing of charges in the black buck poaching case.The lower court had charged Salman Khan under relevant sections of the Wildlife Act, the Arms Act and the IPC. Others, including Saif Ali Khan , Tabu, Sonali Bendre , faced charges under the Wildlife act and the IPC, defence counsel Hastimal Saraswat said.The accused had then filed a revision petition before a sessions court which discharged Salman from Section 27 (illegal possession of arms) of the Arms Act and 148 (rioting with deadly weapons) of the IPC. Others were discharged of Section 51 (causing harm to wildlife) of Wildlife Act and both under 147 (punishment for rioting) and 149 (unlawful assembly of persons) of the IPC.Saraswat said the state government then filed a revision petition before the Rajasthan high court which upheld the decision of the sessions court in Salman's case whereas added Section 149 of the IPC against the others, which it had dropped.Two endangered black bucks were allegedly poached on the intervening night of October 1-2, 1998, at Kankani village near Jodhpur during the shooting of the Bollywood movie 'Hum Saath Saath Hain'.The trial will now commence in the lower court with the revised charges for which the court has summoned all the accused to hear the charges on February 4.All the accused had last appeared before the lower court on June 19, 2006 but revision petitions first by the defence and then by the state government had held up the trial.Salman was convicted and sentenced to one-year and five-year prison terms in separate cases of poaching of two chinkaras at Bhawad and one black buck at Ghoda Farm (Mathania) in 1998.Appeals against these sentences, both by Salman and the state government, are pending before the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17564010", "title": "Metro rail takes steps to minimise rain-related delays", "text": "CHENNAI: With a few weeks to go before the monsoon ends, Chennai metro rail is gearing up to prevent rain from delaying construction work.Metro rail officials have asked contractors to put in additional manpower and resources and speed up work when there are no rains. The move comes after a review showed that work was delayed at a few sites after heavy rains hit the city in the last few weeks. \"We do not want rains to affect our schedule. Work should be pushed through to compensate for the delays caused by unforeseen circumstances like rains or visits by VIPs,\" said a senior official.Most of the work on elevated viaducts and stations is over. Metro rail is currently constructing stations on the Washermanpet-Central-Saidapet and Central-Koyembedu underground stretches. Various types of cranes, earth movers and vibratory hammers are being used and soil is excavated to make narrow deep trenches to build concrete diaphragm walls around work sites. During rain work sites get flooded, concreting work cannot be done and heavy machinery cannot be moved. Electrical cables and wiring are also affected by rain.Most of the Chennai metro rail work sites are located in the middle of busy thoroughfares. Though the sites are barricaded, heavy machinery has to be maneuvered close to road traffic. \"We have to fold down the boom cranes during strong winds and rains. It is not easy to move the machines during rough weather. We have to ensure that the ground is firm before moving machines,\" said a metro rail contractor.A metro rail official said, \"The delay is minor and will not affect the overall schedule of the work which is slated to be completed by 2014-15.\"Precautionary steps that need to be taken during rains are part of the contract. Contractors are told to minimise soil excavation and digging of trenches during rain. Exposed slope surfaces should be covered to prevent mudslides, temporary access roads should be protected by crushed gravel, and trenches should be dug and backfilled in short sections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17566360", "title": "Assembly winter session starts on stormy note", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) stalled proceedings on the opening day of the winter session of the assembly on Monday over the issue of illegal arms in the Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD), forcing the speaker to adjourn the house.To begin with, the AIUDF walked out of the house in protest against speaker Pranab Gogoi's refusal to allow a discussion on the illegal arms issue during the question hour. After this, the Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) created a ruckus during the zero hour demanding the arrest of a Congress MLA who has been implicated by a person in his suicide note.As soon as the house assembled for the day, AIUDF legislator Ataur Rahman Majarbhuyan sought a ruling from the speaker on the adjournment motion that the party has sought. The speaker said his ruling on the AIUDF's request for the adjournment would be given later in the day, but the AIUDF members continued pressing for immediate discussion of the issue.\"Will you follow the rules of conduct of the house?\" the speaker asked, to which the AIUDF replied that rules are made for human beings and that the presence of illegal arms in the BTAD area is a threat to human lives, so this issue should be discussed immediately in the house. The speaker then sent marshals to take the AIUDF MLAs out of the house, which further infuriated the legislators.After 15 minutes of chaos, the speaker adjourned the house for 10 minutes, but the AIUDF continued making noisy scenes after the house re-assembled. The speaker also ordered the live telecast of the proceedings be stopped and asked the ministers to start replying to questions. Unable to draw the attention of the speaker, the AIUDF legislators staged a walk-out.At the start of the zero hour immediately after the question hour, AGP legislator Padma Hazarika accused the state government of trying to protect Congress MLA Enamul Hoque. Hazarika said, \"Mathura Das has named the Congress MLA in his suicide note. He is still free and police have not taken any action against him.\"The speaker replied, \"I have also gone through a copy of the suicide note. The MLA has not been directly accused by Das as the cause for his suicide. Let the investigation be completed first.\"The speaker's words failed to pacify the AGP legislators and the house slipped into a chaos again. It was after several ruling party MLAs raised their voice demanding the speaker to raise their issues too that the situation returned to normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17563506", "title": "Elephants kill 3 villagers in Giridih", "text": "DHANBAD: Three people, including a couple, were killed by elephants in Manjhdadih village of Giridih district on Sunday night. The victims were sleeping in a 'khalihan' (an open space where foodgrain is stored),when a herd of 22 elephants entered the village. The deceased - identified as Rameshwar Yadav (45), Devilal Murmi (52) and his wife Debi Devi (51) - were sleeping when the herd attacked them.Divisional forest officer Smita Pankaj on Monday said the herd was still roaming in the area. The herd also destroyed paddy crops in the fields before. Villagers estimated that about 15 tons of rice have been destroyed by the herd. Pankaj added that the government would give out the statutory compensation of Rs 2 lakh to families of the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17566023", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcNo assurance from BBMP yet\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "Starting today, Mandur residents have decided to block trucks carrying Bangalore's garbage. \"About 120 trucks began arriving at Mandur from Sunday evening , and we sent back over 70. The BBMP mayor and commissioner had promised a written assurance that they would reduce garbage sent here. By January 29, only 70-80 trucks can come. Nothing has been sent,\" said Thammanna C, Mandur GP member.In a letter to the DGP and IG Lalrokhuma Pachau , urban development department principal secretary Amita Prasad sought police protection for trucks at Mandur. \"It is learnt that some miscreants are obstructing the truck movement in Mandur . I request you to deploy police in Mandur, Mavallipura , Terra Firma landfill where garbage trucks are sent for dumping,\" the letter said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17566154", "title": "HC upholds election of Bellary MP", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Monday upheld the election of BJP MP J Shantha from Bellary parliamentary constituency.After perusing the report submitted on behalf of the election commission/returning officer, Justice H Billappa dismissed the interlocutory application filed in this regard by petitioner Chandregowda. The claim was that the recount held about three months ago was not conducted as per the apex court's order. Consequently , the election petition also stands dismissed.On June 11, the high court had set aside the election of Shantha, sister of former minister B Sriramulu, citing some irregularities in the process of counting of votes polled in electronic voting machines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17565318", "title": "Cong seeks murder case against Pathakheda teachers", "text": "BHOPAL: Congress on Monday staged a walkout in the state assembly over the death of Aslam Ansari, the 10-year-old student of class V, who was beaten up by his school teachers at Pathakheda in Betul district and succumbed to the injuries later in a hospital here. The Congress and BSP demanded that the police register a case under section 302 (murder) IPC against the two teachers who beat the boy mercilessly causing grievous injury to the backbone for breaking a bucket.The matter came up for discussion as a call attention motion initiated by MLAs Sukhdev Phanse, Arif Aqueel and Ram Niwas Rawat. Home minister Uma Shankar Gupta told the House that a case under the Section 304 (death by accident) has already been registered against the teachers and more sections will be added if investigations prove that the boy was intentionally hurt by the teachers. Congress leader of opposition Ajay Singh told the House that the government was not serious that a school boy had died because of the ruthless beatings of his teachers.Hence, his party MLAs were staging a walkout. BSP MLA Ramlakhan Singh also walked out after voicing his protest against the government on the issue.Addressing the House with his call attention, Sukhdev Phanse said that Aslam was brutally beaten-up by two teachers in his school on November 16 as a result of which the boy died in the Kamla Nehru Hospital in Bhopal on December 4. Replying to the call attention, Home minister Gupta said the police registered a case under sections 325 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt) and 34 (common intention) of the IPC against the two accused teachers. The home minister defended that appropriate action had been taken in the case.Congress pressurised registering of case under Section 302 (murder) of the IPC and compensation of Rs five lakh for the bereaved family.Gupta said more section will be added if necessary and he will discuss the compensation with chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan . The opposition walked out in protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17563838", "title": "Some solace for BJP in South", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Narendra Modi has looked more comfortable campaigning in South Gujarat than in other regions because BJP rebels here are fewer than in other places, and the effect of anti-incumbency is minimal.In other words, South Gujarat could bring rich political dividends to the ruling BJP, particularly when the opposition Congress is in complete disarray in the region due to rebellions.The BJP is set to benefit from the decision of Surat district Congress president Kunvarji Halpati to join it ahead of the elections. This has brightened the BJP's electoral prospects in Mandavi, Bardoli, and Mahuva constituencies of the district. Politically, Modi is strong in the urban areas of Surat, Navsari and Valsad. However, in rural areas there is an impression that he is in league with big industrialists and not delivering on the promise of 'Samarasata' (unanimous elections to the panchayats). In Surat city, it could be a windfall for the BJP, thanks to delimitation. Choryasi, the biggest constituency in the city, has been a BJP bastion. This constituency has now been divided into seven seats \u00e2\u20ac\u201d an icing on the cake for the ruling party.Of the 12 seats in Surat city, it could be a cakewalk for the BJP in at least seven. There is a triangular fight between the BJP, the Congress and the Gujarat Parivartan Party in Varachha, Surat East, Katargam, Kamrej and Limbayat, which are dominated by Saurashtrians and Muslims. The Congress and the GPP are confident of getting two seats each from these constituencies because Leuva Patels and Muslims seem to be in a defiant mood. The anti-Modi campaign by GPP chief Keshubhai Patel and Sangh Parivar outfits has not gathered critical mass beyond certain areas. There remains high admiration for Modi in Surat city and that is why \"Modi no Manas\" credo has takers here.The Congress may continue to maintain its hold over the tribal-dominated Dang, Nizar, Songadh and Tapi but the extent of damage to the party due to rebellion in the region would only be known after the elections. \"Party workers are angry with Union minister of state Tushar Chaudhary's decision to get a ticket for his brother Tejas Chaudhary and denying it to Kunvarji Halpati. There are half-a-dozen Congress rebels and they could prove to be spoilsport in the tribal areas,\" a Congress leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568756", "title": "Alex Pandian rights sold for 1.10 crore!", "text": "The Kerala distribution rights for Karthi's next film, Alex Pandian, have been sold for a whooping Rs.1.10 crore to Sayujyam films. Alex Pandian, which is being directed by Suraaj is set to release next Pongal and will have Karthi and Anushka playing the leads. The audio will be launched on 12th December to coincide with the original Alex Pandian Rajinikanth's birthday.Devi Sri Prasad has composed the music for the film and the film will be action-packed and will also feature a lot of comedy. Santhanam will also feature in the mass entertainer having already worked with Karthi and impressed in films like Siruthai and Saguni .Directed by Suraj and produced by Studio Green, Alex Pandian is in the final stages of development and the cinematography is being handled by Saravanan. Simultaneously made in Telugu as ' Bad Boy ', ' Alex Pandian ' is expected to release during Pongal, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564283", "title": "'Cultural genocide of Islamic heritage' in Saudi Arabia riles Sunni Sufis", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Muslim clerics' body that claims to represent about 80% of Sunni Sufis in India has protested against destruction of sacred monuments of Islam in Saudi Arabia . The All India Ulema and Mashaikh Board (AIUMB) on Sunday wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, external affairs minister Salman Khurshid as well as to the Saudi ambassador in India and the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) among others venting the angst of \"thousands of Indian Muslims\".In his letter, AIUMB general secretary Maulana Syed Mohammad Ashraf Kicchouchhwi wrote, \"... the tomb of the Prophet is now prime target of the Saudi regime. This is sought to be done away with in the name of expansion of the mosque (Al-Masjid-al-Nabawi) and developing a five-star culture in Medina Shareef.\"He said this was the most heinous crime ever committed against any religion by the 'protector of its holy places'.AIUMB national secretary Syed Babar Ashraf told TOI, \"The Saudi government should preserve, protect and develop the sacred places which are landmarks in the history of Islam. Instead, they are demolishing symbols of Islamic heritage, including the birth place of the Prophet of Islam, in the name of expansion and modernization.\"The AIUMB plans to hold a protest march next month. \"We will continue to protest until the Saudi government reassures the world that the decisions to demolish Islamic heritages will be withdrawn and all the demolished sacred places will be restored in their original form in their original places,\" said Ashraf.While accepting that expansion of Medina is needed, he said, \"It cannot be done by demolishing Islamic cultural heritage and sites related to the Prophet, his family members and companions. This is cultural genocide of Islamic heritage,\" said Ashraf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17563408", "title": "Gramin Bank looted", "text": "RANCHI: Three masked persons looted Rs 9.18 lakh from a Jharkhand Gramin Bank branch at Balalong in Nagri on Monday evening. There were only two employees inside when the armed men barged into the bank around 4pm. The robbers then fled in a car that was brought by another associate. Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh visited the spot and a case has been registered with Nagri police station.Rural SP A V Minz, who visited the spot, and gave necessary direction for investigation.Sources said that the criminals were masked and had guns. \"After they conducted the loot an aide of their arrived with a vehicle near the bank which they used to escape from the site,\" said A V Minz.The bank is situated at the first floor of a building and at the time when the crime took place the bank was being closed for the day. \"There was only two staff in the bank,\" said police. A case has been registered with Nagri police station. Raids are going on to catch the criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17565876", "title": "Probe finds fault with practices for arms licences, renewals in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Gross lacunae in the system being followed in Punjab for renewal of arms licences have come to the fore during investigations conducted by home secretary D S Bains while probing how prime accused in the Ponty Chadha murder case, Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, got arms licences issued and renewed in Punjab.\"Renewal of licence should be as good as a new licence issued. Every time, the weapons should be checked, cartridges examined and consumption of cartridges checked and verified. In Sukhdev Singh's case, the license mentions that cartridges were brought from Bazpur, Rudarpur, Moradabad and other places in UP and Uttranchal, which need to be verified,\" said Bains.According to the inquiry report, the practice prevalent in Punjab over the years has been to carry out renewals without police verification or inspection of weapons. This has resulted in a systemic failure, where the licensees are never asked to prove the existence of weapons or their antecedents with local addresses.It is apparent from the documents procured that district magistrates of Ropar and SAS Nagar also did not carry out any police verification at the time of subsequent renewals, which were done in a routine fashion. The inquiry report categorically stated that the practice followed in Punjab is in violation of the Arms Act, 1962, where every renewal application is to be treated as an application for fresh arms licence under Section 15. It is mandatory to follow the procedure as stipulated in Section 13 for grant of licences, wherein police verification is a must.In Namdhari's case, any such subsequent police verification could have proved the genuineness of the address and antecedents of the licensee.To plug loopholes in the system at macro level so as to avoid recurrence of such events in future, Bains said that recommendations are being made to devise standard operating procedures (SOPs) for police verification across the state, wherein a detailed questionnaire incorporating all important particulars should be standardized. \"It is mandated that the policeman goes to the house, talks to neighbours, verifies the address and takes the signatures of at least two neighbours. No such norm was followed in Sukhdev Singh's case,\" he said.In addition, all district magistrates, senior superintendents of police and commissioners are being instructed to conduct time-bound verification of all arms licences and weapons endorsed on these licences. Also, from now on, district magistrates will be required to get police verification done for all activities relating to arms licences, including renewal, addition or sale of weapons after issuance of new arms licence, the home secretary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17565538", "title": "West Bengal turns down proposal to rename university", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government on Monday turned down a proposal to rename the upcoming all-women university in Diamond Harbour in the memory of Begum Roquia Sakhawat Hussain, an 18th century writer and social welfare activist.Education minister Bratya Basu, while tabling the Diamond Harbour Women's University Bill, 2012, in the state Assembly had earlier said he would consider the proposal. However, when prodded by Speaker Biman Banerjee, later during the Bill's passage, Basu said they would stick to the name - Diamond Harbour Women's University.SUCI MLA Tarun Naskar had proposed the name. \"I had proposed it during my speech. Actually,Begum Roquia was born on December 9, 1880 and died on the same day in 1932. Since the Bill was tabled on December 10, I thought it was very symbolic. Also, what better honour we can give to her, who even then had broken conservative dogmas in Bengal.But I guess, I missed the technicalities and didn't move a formal amendment. But then, the government can do so by an executive decision even later,\" Naskar said.As the minister stood up to sum up the debate, he said, \"We would like to consider this proposal.\" He also missed out on the technicalities.Basu also replied in a negative when asked by Speaker Biman Banerjee whether he would consider the proposal.Government chief whip Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay explained, \"Once a bill is laid in the house, any addition or deletion can only happen by formal amendments. Unless, these are moved, the house will vote on the bill in the form it is presented. In this case, either Naskar or anyone else had to formally table the amendment, which wasn't done.\" Opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra argued since the minister accepted the proposal, he should have been the one to move for a formal change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17564667", "title": "Mumbai's 1st Ganesh mandal kicks off anniversary festivities", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a century ago, a 2-ft idol of Lord Ganesh at a Girgaum chawl became the spark plug that ignited the fire of patriotism within common Mumbaikars. As residents of the Maharashtrian heartland came together for Ganeshotsav rituals, they heeded Lokmanya Tilak's clarion call for freedom from British rule.Four generations later, both the chawl and the idol stand just as tall as they did.The city's oldest sarvajanik Ganeshotsav of Keshavji Naik chawl will complete 121 years in 2013. Year-long celebrations are on the anvil. At an inaugural function held recently, former residents, including composer Anandji of Kalyanji-Anandji fame and 100-year-old ex-Customs officer Bhaskarrao Kamat, unveiled a logo crowned by the lord's favourite red hibiscus flower. A vast rangoli bordered by around 200 oil lamps was decorated on the occasion.\"Most of us have been living here for generations. We fondly recall hosting orchestra performances by Kalyanji Virji Shah during our childhood,\" said trustee Vinay Rahatekar. \"During our centenary Ganeshotsav, his son Viju Shah had performed and this year Anandji was our guest of honour. Throughout 2012-13, we will organize dhol and dance shows by residents.\"Composer Anandji said, \"It was in this chawl that I spent my childhood. This place has shaped my sensibilities to a large extent. It played a significant role during the freedom struggle by being the first in Mumbai to heed LokmanyaTilak's call for public mobilization through the festivalEveryone knows me as a music director, but few are aware that the fire of patriotism that was instilled in us at an early age here has turned me into a conscientious citizen . I have joined many campaigns for clean environment and better public amenities for Mumbaikars through various NGOs.\"Anandji has seldom missed his annual date with Ganeshotsav in the Keshavji Naik compound. \"I feel honoured that the residents continue to invite me each year. This time, I was particularly pleased to see centenarian Kamat at the function,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17564695", "title": "Youths held for indecent behaviour", "text": "LUCKNOW: A case was registered against two youngsters, who reportedly indecent behaviour against one of their female friends late on Sunday evening. The police booked Mohammad Nadeem and Mohammad Yaseen, the duo from Thakurganj at the behest of victim's father on Monday. In the said incident, Nadeem and Yaseen had picked up their friend from a city mall on Sunday evening and were on their way to Hazratganj with her. Siriya (name changed) was known to Nadeem and the three decided to take a stroll in Hazratganj.While heading towards Hazratganj, the duo started behaving inappropriately with Siriya who raised an alarm in the car. The passers-by heard her cries and intercepted the car near Gomti barrage. While Nadeem was overpowered, his friend Yaseen managed to give a slip to the crowd.The police were informed and took Siriya and Nadeem to Hazratganj police station on Sunday night. Siriya's parents reached Lucknow from Gorakhpur on learning about the incident and gave their complaint to the police against the duo. The victim has joined a coaching in the city to prepare for engineering entrance exams and is from Dungri village in Gorakhpur, cops said. Nadeem was released on bail. The duo was granted bail in the said incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17563537", "title": "'Complete Kripa probe in 8 weeks'", "text": "MUMBAI: Nine months after a public interest litigation against former city Congress chief Kripashankar Singh was turned into an FIR against him and his family for a case of disproportionate assets, the Supreme Court on Monday took serious note of the delay and asked the special investigation team (SIT) of the Mumbai police why it had not filed its final probe report yet.A bench headed by Justice H L Dattu gave SIT eight weeks to file its final report on the condition that the team would complete its probe by then and not seek any further time.Seeking more time to complete the probe, SIT's counsel Shekhar Naphade had sought time from the SC to complete the investigation. into the criminal case filed under the Prevention of Corruption Act against Kripashankar Singh and his family including his wife, son and daughter-in-law, and daughter and son-in-law. Naphadesaid the team had received more evidence which it needed to decode. Senior counsel Ram Jethmalani , appearing for social activist Sanjay Tiwari whose PIL against Singh was turned into an FIR by the Bombay high court, said the SIT had evidence against the Congress leader and questioned why it hadn't arrested Singh yet. He said as a Congress-led government was ruling in the state, it appeared there was pressure on the SIT to prolong its probe. Had it been a member of the opposition, he would been behind bars by now, he said.The hearing in the SC was short and lasted less than ten minutes, but the bench made it clear that it would grant no further extension to the SIT for its probe. Tiwari had in September written to the police chief in Mumbai Satyapal Singh and said that that for a full investigation of the assets case, to unearth all properties, custodial interrogation is necessary.The Bombay high court earlier this year in its landmark ruling directed the police to treat Tiwari's petition as an FIR and appointed then police chief Arup Patnaik to personally head the investigation. The PIL had alleged that Singh had illegally amassed wealth. Not just Singh, the PIL said, but Singh's wife Malti Devi, son Narendra Mohan and daughter Sunita, son-in-law and daughter-in-law too had amassed wealth disproportionate to their source of income. Their wealth allegedly exceeded Rs 350 crore. The police registered an FIR on February 28 under IPC and Prevention of Corruption Act and the Supreme Court has given the SIT time till October end to complete the probe under supervision of new police chief. The SIT has so far submitted three sealed reports to the SC on the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17564916", "title": "Agriculture Produce Market Committee issues show-cause notices to 226 agents", "text": "PUNE: The rift between commission agents and the administration of the Agriculture Produce Market Committee (APMC), widened on Monday after show-cause notices were sent to 226 agents for charging more than 6% commission on vegetable transactions. There are 850 agents in the wholesale market.APMC administrator B G Deshmukh said, \"The state marketing department has decided 6% as the flat commission rate per transaction at the wholesale market. The agents are charging from 6% to 10% depending on the produce, so we collected the receipts from farmers and issued them show-cause notices.\"It asked them to submit a satisfactory explanation in three days. If the administration is not satisfied with any agent's reply his license can be cancelled and the agent will be barred from the wholesale market.The administration also sought explanations from senior office-bearers of Shri Chhatrapati Shivaji Market Yard Commission Agents' Association as to why they had prevented farmers from bringing their produce to the wholesale market during the recent strike.The association had gone on strike from December 1 to protest against the decision of state marketing department to have 6% commission rate for every transaction, irrespective of the produce.Earlier, commission agents in the flower market would charge 10% as commission per transaction, 8% for fruits and 6% for vegetables.After protesting for six days, the state government appointed a committee last Thursday to study the matter after which the strike was withdrawn.Chairman of the association Shivlal Bhosale has been asked to explain why he obstructed the functioning of the market yard during the strike.He said, \"The state government had announced that a final decision about the 6% commission rate and our objection to it, will be taken on Monday. Since the decision is pending, we continued with the existing commission rates. There is nothing wrong in it but issuing notices to us is not fair. We will respond to the notices soon,\" he said.The wholesale market of the city receives close to 30 tonnes of vegetables of which about 60% goes to other towns and cities in the state.After Navi Mumbai market, Pune wholesale market is the largest for size and transactions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "thailand", "code": "17569042", "title": "ASEAN Rally back in Thailand, spectacular welcome for drivers", "text": "THAILAND: Jaded after another day behind the wheels, the ASEAN-India Car Rally participants were rejuvenated by a spectacular light show blended with dance, music and drama as they visited the Sukhothai Historical Park during the second leg of their Thailand sojourn.Organised by the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) and the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA), the second ASEAN-India car rally reached Thailand after a warm send off from Vientiane, the capital city of Laos .The participants were received similar warmth at the Sukhothai Historical Park here with an enthralling sound and light show.A Buddha statue and the temple ruins formed the background as the sound and light show turned out to be a historical adventure for the participants.It was quite a show as the ruins of the archaeological structure came alive by the splendid show of lighting and a musical performance by hundred artists, who made it an evening to remember for the 124 rally participants.\"It was spectacular. Bravo Thailand. Angkor Vat and Wat Phu were mesmerising but the sound and light show here tonight takes the cake,\" said Adventure Overland co-owner and Team India driver Tushar Agarwal.The show depicted the history of Sukhothai kingdom through a series of scenes enacted by the performers. Later, floating lanterns coupled with some glittering fireworks adorned the sky, it was a sight to remember.After the show, the participants also got a chance to light a few airborne lanterns, which are also known as Kongming lantern or Chinese lanterns.\"These sky lanterns are a way of making a wish. It is considered auspicious,\" said one of the Thai organisers.The ASEAN-India car rally will start its eight leg tomorrow when it will enter Hpa-An, the capital of Kayin State in Myanmar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17567697", "title": "Pamela Anderson hit with two tax bills", "text": "Actress Pamela Anderson has received two tax bills of total amount $370k.According to papers, Anderson, 45 is suppose to pay $259,395.75 to US Internal Revenue Service for the unpaid tax in 2011.The second tax bill is from State Of California, which required Anderson to pay$112,118.90, reports tmz.com.This is not the first time Anderson is facing tax issues. She was hit with tax bill in 2009 with $1.7 million.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17564946", "title": "Spurt in pvt health clinics sans licences", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: In what is an unhealthy trend brewing in Vizag district, several private healthcare players, including clinics, physiotherapy units, diagnostic centres, super-specialty labs, nursing homes and small hospitals are merrily operating without proper registration or renewal of licenses by the district registration authority -- the district medical and health department.Moreover, diagnostic clinics including ultrasound centres and 'benami' units or sub-centres mushrooming on the outskirts and semi-urban areas are flouting norms and doing brisk business, admit district medical and health authorities.As per the admission of the health department, there are about 1,000 diagnostic centres and private nursing homes in the district, of which about 50% are yet to get their permanent registration done while another 20% are operating without renewing their licenses.Depending on the bed strength, equipment and facilities, the diagnostic centres and nursing homes are supposed to pay anything ranging from Rs 500 to Rs10,000 as registration fee per year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17563394", "title": "Jharkhand NDA crisis after JMM MP votes UPA", "text": "RANCHI: With Jharkhand Mukti Morcha MP Kameshwar Baitha voting in favour of foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail in Lok Sabha, fissures in Jharkhand NDA grew with BJP leader Yashwant Sinha expressing surprise at the move.\"It's surprising that JMM did not support the NDA in its motion against FDI in multi-brand retail,\" Sinha told BJP workers on Sunday. \"This exposes the JMM before the people of Jharkhand,\" he added, claiming the party backed out after assuring the BJP it would vote against FDI.Adding to the speculation of a rift between the two partners was JMM chief Shibu Soren's arrival in New Delhi on Monday for the Lok Sabha session. Party sources said Soren is likely to meet Congress leaders and RJD chief Lalu Prasad to discuss the possibility of a new government in Jharkhand, even as the JMM spokesman said all such talk was speculative.\"It's too early to jump to conclusions. We've decided to convene a core committee meeting to take a call on the fate of our alliance with the BJP and also review the functioning of the government. The meeting is likely to take place in the last week of December,\" said JMM spokesman Supriyo Bhattacharya.Relations between the two parties have strained following JMM's pressure on BJP to transfer power to it at the end of Arjun Munda government's completion of 28 months in power in January.\"We joined hands with BJP to save Jharkhand from President's Rule and supported Arjun Munda government in 2010. But we see that the government has failed. Many decisions were not even discussed and JMM was ignored. Since we have good relations with the Congress and are even a part of the UPA at the Centre, we can think of realignment in the state,\" a close aide of Soren said.Baitha is a former Maoist leader and he was accused in more than 50 cases of arson, murder and extortion in Bihar and Jharkhand.Bhattacharya said the party will ask Baitha why he voted for FDI. \"We will take up the matter in core committee meeting later this month and also ask him to explain why he voted for FDI in retail. If required, we will also issue him show cause notice,\" said Bhattacharya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564954", "title": "Is SC right in shutting our legal rights, asks 2G scam accused", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 2G scam accused on Monday questioned the Supreme Court's strict monitoring of the CBI investigation into alleged irregularities in spectrum allocation in 2008 under then telecom minister A Raja and challenged its orders asking other courts not to entertain appeals against trial court decisions.Accused Asif Balwa's writ petition also questioned the legality of a two-judge bench's November 9 order, by which the SC had issued notices to all accused asking why their petitions in the Delhi High Court against the decision of the trial court to frame charges against them be not transferred to the apex court.Senior advocate Ram Jethmalani mentioned the petition before a three-judge bench headed by Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and sought an urgent hearing on the ground that precious rights of the accused facing trial were being breached by the two-judge bench's orders. The CJI-headed bench said it would examine the contents of the petition and consider giving a hearing to the petitioner.Balwa, who was a director of Swan Telecom (now known as Etisalat DB Telecom Pvt Ltd), also questioned the two-judge bench's method of monitoring the investigation, during which the judges had looked into the draft chargesheet of the CBI against the accused. \"The role of constitutional courts in monitoring investigation and the jurisdiction to adjudicate issues arising there from have to be dealt with, in order to ensure that the prosecutor, investigator and the judge are not seen to be same person,\" he said.Balwa said it was well-settled in law that on filing of chargesheet by the investigating agency, the monitoring by a constitutional court must come to an end to allow the trial to proceed under the statutory provisions.\"Merely because the Supreme Court has monitored the investigation does not mean that all the remedies available to the accused as well as the prosecution in accordance with law has been subverted,\" he said questioning the apex court's orders asking the HC not to entertain pleas of the accused facing trial in the case relating to alleged irregular allocation of spectrum.Balwa also said the special bench, which monitored the 2G scam, had passed orders against the accused on a petition in which they were not even included as parties. \"Thus, there is a complete failure of principle of natural justice as the orders and directions have been passed without giving an opportunity of hearing to the affected parties including the petitioner,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "peshawar", "code": "17565104", "title": "Taliban strike Pakistan police station, kill 8", "text": "PESHAWAR: At least eight people were killed and 10 injured when three Taliban bombers attacked a police station at Kaki in Pakistan's tribal northwest on Monday.Senior police officer Nisar Ahmed Tanoli said that three fired and hurled grenades at the police station before blowing themselves up about an hour later. \"One bomber detonated himself outside the police station and the other at a mosque behind the station while the third escaped,\" he said.\"The bodies of four cops and three civilians were brought to hospital. Another civilian died later at hospital,\" said hospital sources. Taliban said the attack was meant to avenge the killing of Ibrahim Mehsud.Ibrahim, a Taliban commander, was the nephew of Baitullah Mehsud, the founder of TTP, who was killed in a US drone strike in August 2009.Police had shot Ibrahim dead last month.\"We sent the suicide bombers to carry out the mission. We will continue such attacks against this secular government,\" Ihsan said. Suicide and bomb attacks blamed on TTP have killed over 5,000 people across Pakistan since July 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17563620", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcJD-U to take stand on PM candidate in NDA forum\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "PATNA: The JD-U was taking cognizance of statements of BJP leaders on NDA's prime ministerial candidate in the 2014 general election but would make its stand clear on this only when it would come up in the NDA, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar said here on Monday said.\"We are taking cognizance of all these statements (of Nitin Gadkari and Sushma Swaraj ) but will speak on the issue only when it comes up for discussion in the NDA,\" Kumar said.\"What is the use of speaking over an issue beforehand.... I have never been in favour of opening my mouth before time,\" he said in reply to repeated questions from mediapersons over comments of BJP leaders Gadkari and Swaraj. The senior JD(U) leader said he and his party has already spoken as what kind of person should be projected for the post of Prime Minister.Kumar, known for not keeping good relations with his Gujarat counterpart Narendra Modi , had said in a recent interview that only a person with secular image should be chosen as NDA candidate for the top post, while the BJP president and Swaraj had made it clear that Modi, carrying the stain of Gujarat riot of 2002, should be made the PM nominee.Asked his chance for the PM post, he said the choice should be from the largest party of the coalition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564485", "title": "Opposition stalls banking amendment bill in Lok Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an indication that bad blood over the FDI in multi-brand retail vote lingers, a belligerent opposition on Monday blocked a bill to amend banking laws while amendments to security and debt recovery laws were passed amid noisy protests and a walkout.Finance minister P Chidambaram sought to take up the Banking Laws Amendment Bill, 2011, soon after the Enforcement of Security Interest and Recovery of Debts Bill was passed by a voice vote on Monday afternoon but Left and Trinamool MPs forced the chair to adjourn proceedings till Tuesday.The muscle flexing saw BJP, BJD, TMC and Left MPs making common cause in opposing the banking bill that aims to give banks higher voting rights and allow RBI to grant new banking licences. The din left Congress MP Girija Vyas, who was in the chair, with no option but to adjourn proceedings.BJP leader Yashwant Sinha said the amendments go far beyond those cleared by the finance standing committee he heads. He said the amendments will allow banks to place money in speculative trading. \"It is a new bill,\" he said with other Opposition groups seconding the demand that the bill be examined afresh by the standing committee.It is unclear if the Opposition blockade will be able to prevent a discussion again on Wednesday once party leaders are more fully engaged in deliberations. But the drama in the House makes it evident that the ruling coalition will be kept on its toes by a convergence that even brought Trnamool and Left together.Supported by Left leaders Gurudas Dasgupta and Basudeb Acharia, Sinha argued that it will not be unusual for a bill to be sent back to the committee as this was happened in the case of the companies bill which had been thoroughly recast.Vyas's plea that members should raise objections when the clause-by-clause consideration of the bill is taken up went unheeded.Earlier, the House approved amendments to make recovery of bad loans by banks easier amid walkout by the BJP, Left and a few other parties after the government rejected their demand for referring this to the standing committee as well.Chidambaram sought to allay concerns saying the proposed legislation is not against small farmers as the bill dealt with loans above Rs 10 lakh.Replying to the debate Chidambaram said there was only a few technical changes and did not require more discussion. The minister said that the bill had been introduced by his predecessor in the Lok Sabha Sabha in December, 2011, and the Speaker had decided against referring it to the parliamentary committee.\"The bill was introduced in 2011 and should not be referred (to Standing Committee) now after 12 months...It would defeat the very purpose the bill. In the interest of banking sector, it is necessary to pass the bill in 2012,\" he said, adding the move would quicken the process of loan recovery.On the issue of rising non-performing assets (NPAs) of banks, Chidambaram said the banking sector is well regulated and the gross NPA, which is around 3.5 % of total loans, was not high and the situation would improve with economic recovery.Chidambaram added, \"Because of stress in economy, several sectors are not doing well. So gross NPAs have risen. Efforts are to ensure that these sectors come out of difficulty. We must do some handholding to them to bring them out of stress.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17564038", "title": "Documentary narrates plight of girls caught in web of poverty", "text": "HYDERABAD: When Niloufer Farhat was just 16, she was promised a good life away from the impoverished slums of Sultan Shahi by her parents, who later got her married off to an Arab national from Oman only to see their daughter's dreams come crashing down.After escaping from the clutches of her much older husband, Farhat narrates her account of oppression at the hands of her 'in-laws'. She says that though it is a part of her past, the bitterness experience stays etched in her memory-one she is unlikely to forget no matter how hard she tries.\"I was told to do all menial chores and they never treated me like a respectable member of the family. I wasn't respected which is why I ran back home,\" says Farhat in anguish. She is now 25 years old.The saga of girls from Old City getting married to Arab nationals continues to be a plague and now different accounts of the hopes and dreams of women such as Farhat from the slums of Old City have taken the shape of a documentary entitled 'Khwab Chhune Ki Khwahish' (The Wish to Fulfill Dreams) which was released at Urdu Ghar in Moghalpura on Monday. The filmmakers said that they intended to spread awareness on trafficking as young girls from poverty-stricken families continue to be lured into marriages with older men from West Asian countries. The latest being reported recently when a 49-year old UAE national married a 16-year old girl. With nine siblings, the family of the girl said that they had no money to arrange a marriage with a local boy.The documentary made by Sajana Jayaraj, a filmmaker from Calicut along with Seema Kurup from Bhopal in association with Shaheen Women Resource and Welfare Association (SWRWA) headquartered in Sultan Shahi.After the screening, the filmmakers interacted with a packed audience of young school girls and other academics. They noted that this trafficking is only possible due to the qazi's connivance and called for an amendment of Muslim Personal Law (MPL).According to Jameela Nishat, chief functionary of SWRWA, the qazi and the broker share half the meher (bride gift). \"The MPL is unclear about what age a girl can get married. It doesn't mention 18-years which is considered minimum marriageable age according to Indian Law,\" speakers noted.The documentary highlights the aspirations of 12 girls such as Niloufer Farhat and Asma Munawer from the slums of Old City such as Hasan Nagar and Baba Nagar who believe education is their only saviour.\"Even before we dream of a better future we worry about what elders of the family will say. We need support from the family first, even to pursue an education,\" said Munawer. For these girls, marriage comes second to a quality education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17565956", "title": "Bangalorean\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s debut world fusion album wins Grammy nomination", "text": "BANGALORE: Among the three Indian artistes nominated for this year's Grammy award is a Bangalorean. Arun Shenoy, who is settled in Singapore, has been chosen under the category of Best Pop Instrumental Album for his debut world fusion record, Rumbadoodle.The other two Indian nominees are sitar maestro Pandit Ravi Shankar and his daughter Anoushka Shankar.Recording of Shenoy's Gypsy Rumba Flamenco album took over two years and it took him around the globe. He says that his collaboration with different artistes has been a voyage of discovery. \"I met my flamenco guitarist from UK and US. The first person I collaborated with for my work was a violinist from Canada. My musical journey took me to Spain, Pakistan and India,\" he told TOI on Monday from Singapore.Among the musicians was 22-year-old Jonathan Anand Wesley from Bangalore as well. \"I heard his music through the social networking site and I liked it. When I gave him a chance to come on board, he was more than happy,\" said Shenoy.According to Shenoy, his friends and family were surprised when they heard the news of the nomination. \"I confined to my own space when I was working on my album. So no one really expected that I was up to something of this magnitude. When the news broke out, folks back home were really happy,\" he said.What attracted him to flamenco music ? He said: '' Since I started learning the guitar, I always had an inclination towards this music. Also my wife Roshini who spoke Spanish and loved that culture inspired me further.''Although his world fusion album got him into the elite club, he said his dream project is still in the pipeline. \"I am currently working on Indian fusion. I have always been inspired by our rich music tradition and this work is like going back to my roots. The most important thing about working on an Indian fusion is that you can relate to the music,\" said Shenoy.BANGALORE CONNECTIONShenoy was born in 1978 at Manipal in coastal Karnataka. He did his schooling at Frank Anthony Public School in Bangalore from 1982 to 1993 followed by his pre-university education at St Joseph's Arts and Science College, Bangalore, from 1993-1995.Subsequently, he returned to Manipal for his engineering degree at the Manipal Institute of Technology (MIT, Manipal ). It was during this time that he was completely immersed in the vibrant college rock scene, playing the guitar in numerous rock bands. Shenoy worked for a few years and in 2003, left for Singapore to pursue his master's degree by research in Computation Audio from the National University of Singapore (NUS) and has since lived in Singapore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564808", "title": "Contractors rake in the moolah, but toll payers unhappy lot", "text": "NEW DELHI: Contractors operating the Gurgaon expressway and Gurgaon-Jaipur stretch of NH-8 are making good money with a major chunk going to the highways authority even as commuters taking the two toll roads have been crying themselves hoarse for better facilities.In three-and-a-half years till October, toll collection on the Gurgaon expressway was close to Rs 739 crore while it was at least Rs 1,188 crore on the Gurgaon-Jaipur stretch, minister of state for road transport and highways Sarve Sathyanarayana told Lok Sabha on Monday.The list placed before the House had details of all NH projects where toll charges are collected either by agencies appointed by NHAI or by private concessionaires who have bagged projects under build-operate-transfer (BOT-Toll) mode.While Gurgaon expressway is on the revenue sharing model where NHAI gets 50% of the toll collected beyond 1.2 lakh passenger car units (PCUs) per day, in the case of Gurgaon-Jaipur stretch, the authority gets 48% of the toll and this increases annually by 1%.Though a few MPs in Lok Sabha accused the government of allowing contractors to exploit commuters by charging toll even when road work was not complete and their inefficiency in providing facilities, no question was raised on NHAI's role even as it is earning money from these projects.Responding to the alleged exploitation by contractors, highways minister C P Joshi assured the House that his ministry would resolve all toll issues which have cropped up including location of toll plazas because of awarding of different projects during different periods.Gurgaon expressway project was awarded under the 1997 toll rules that allowed toll plazas within municipal limits. NHAI modified the rules in 2008, saying a toll plaza should be located at least 10 km outside any municipal area and that the minimum distance between two toll plazas should be 60 km. In recent times, there have been several protests against the Gurgaon expressway on these two counts. However, there is no such issue barring the hiked toll on Jaipur highway project since it was awarded as per 2008 toll norms.Joshi told the House that his ministry would sort out the differences in norms due to the two different set of rules. He assured members that the ministry would negotiate with individual concessionaires to find a way out.The minister also said that matters like discount to local vehicles could be sorted out and his ministry had started taking steps towards such negotiations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17565960", "title": "Doctors deliver hope to rural pregnant women", "text": "HUBLI: Rural pregnant women face several disadvantages compared to their urban counterparts. They are more likely to receive delayed or inadequate parental care, factors that contribute to higher infant mortality. In Dharwad, a group of gynecologists hope to better their lot by voluntarily offering their services.Karnataka State Obstetrics and Gynecological Association, which also includes doctors of Hubli's Karnataka Institute of Medical Sciences (KIMS) hospital, has initiated a unique pilot programme. The three-month programme ensures obstetrical care in rural areas, and enables healthy and full-term pregnancies for rural women in Dharwad district.Apart from high infant mortality, many districts in north Karnataka have also registered high number of malnourished children. The region has also witnessed high incidence of deaths of women who have given birth to malnourished babies in Gulbarga, Bidar, Koppal, Raichur and other parts of North-Karnataka and Hyderabad-Karnatak region. In Dharwad district, around 25 such postnatal maternal deaths have been recorded since January.To educate mothers on how to take care of their yet-to-be-born child and themselves during pregnancy, teams of gynecologists have decided to tour all primary health centres (PHC) of the district. Each team will take turns for the visits on the first and third Thursday of every month, without depending on any aid or benefit from the government.\"Around 150 gynecologists from Hubli and Dharwad are members of the association, and we have chosen 25 specialist doctors from twin cities to visit 33 PHCs of Dharwad district. From January 3 we will initiate this programme in the entire state. Despite several attempts of the government, the number of maternal deaths has not come down. So we decided to do something,\" said Dr M G Hiremath, state president of the Karnataka State Obstetrics and Gynecological Association.FIRST TIME IN STATEDr N M Angadi, district health officer, Dharwad, said that there is only one specialist gynecologist for district hospitals. One doctor can't manage the line of deliveries that come up and can't visit every PHC of the district. Dharwad district association of obstetrics and gynecologists has come forward to help the pregnant women in the district's villages. This is the first time in the state that any association of doctors has come forward to join the hands of government hospitals, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17565770", "title": "Bank manager, peon carrying Rs 20L robbed", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: In a daring daylight robbery on Monday, four unidentified men attacked the manager and peon of a bank on a busy road at CBD Belapur and looted cash amounting to Rs 20 lakh, which they were carrying to be deposited in their bank in the same area.The bank manager Alok Brahmaniya (26) and peon Devendra Worlikar (32) were travelling in an AC taxi with the cash that they had collected from State Bank of India in CBD on Monday.CBD police said the cash was to be delivered to the State Bank of Travencore (SBT), where Brahmaniya is a branch manager. Shortly after 12.30pm, a Tavera car intercepted their taxi in Sector 11 and four robbers\u00e2\u20ac\u201darmed with choppers\u00e2\u20ac\u201dattacked Brahmaniya and Worlikar, snatched the cash from them and fled the scene.Both the SBT bank manager and the peon have been admitted to MGM Hospital in Belapur with serious injuries.The police said they were investigating the identities and whereabouts of the four robbers. \"It is likely that the robbers knew that the bank manager would be transporting the huge cash amount at that particular hour, and hence, decided to rob them. We are investigating if any office insider could have possibly tipped off the robbers about this,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17565315", "title": "CJI urges state to coordinate with rights body", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief justice of India Supreme Court Altamas Kabir on Monday emphasized on better coordination between the state government and the state human rights commission to deliver good governance to the people.Speaking at a programme organized by the commission at the high court auditorium to celebrate International Human Rights Day, Justice Kabir said that the state governments are not accepting the recommendations that are hurting them. Justice Kabir urged the victims to move court if the state government doesn't accept the recommendations by the rights body. However, when asked about the condition of human rights in the state, he evaded a direct reply and said: \"We are reading it in the newspapers.\"During his speech, Justice Kabir said that courts pass orders but it is effectively carried out by the state administration since the courts do not have an infrastructure to implement those. The CJI, highlighting the lack of infrastructure in the courts that leads to increased number of pending cases, advised to adopt alternate dispute resolution method to settle cases. He asked the court officials to be sensitive and caring, and mentioned how in a Lok Adalat a case of a girl, crippled in a road accident, was not initially heard as the girl's father failed to file a proper 'hazira'. He wanted to put an end to child labour and child trafficking. He questioned if the right to education was actually translated into action as many children working in the roadside shops were denied education.When asked about his reaction on chief minister Mamata Banerjee skipping the function, the CJI said: \"If she says she is busy, then she must be busy. I do not know what's in her head.\" The CM was invited to deliver the presidential address, but she had informed the commission about her inability. It may be noted that the CM and the commission's chairman Justice Asok Kumar Ganguly are at the loggerheads as the latter has recently criticized the government. Moreover, the state government had not also accepted many of the recommendations of the commission. Earlier the CM had also criticized Justice Ganguly.Justice Ganguly, however, maintained a low tone on Monday and said many of their recommendations were accepted by the state. \"Our recommendations should not be in papers, there should be more cooperation from the state government. We want a reasonable view from the state government.Justice Pratap Ray, acting chief justice of Calcutta High Court wanted a corruption free society for protecting the human rights of the poor people. He wanted sensitivity and conscience to protect human rights. Former judges Justice Chittatosh Mukherjee and Justice Ruma Pal along with several high court judges were also present in the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "17564571", "title": "Boycott TDP, YSR Congress padayatras: K Chandrasekhar Rao", "text": "NIZAMABAD: TRS president K Chandrasekhar Rao on Monday targeted the Telugu Desam and YSR Congress for undertaking padayatras in the T- region. He wanted the people to boycott both the parties if they failed to express their opinion in favour of T at the all-party meet to be held on December 28.KCR made the comments at a meeting organised at the collectorate here on Monday night to welcome a Congress leader, Baswa Lakshminarsaiah, into the TRS. KCR wanted the TD and YSRC to give a one-line letter to the Union government supporting the formation of a separate Telangana state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17565465", "title": "10th Jaipur Jewellery Show to have a diamond theme", "text": "JAIPUR: The theme for the 10th edition of Jaipur Jewellery Show (JJS) 2012 will be 'Diamond Jewellery - Jaipur Adds Colour to It'. Preparations for this B2B and B2C show at Hotel Rajmahal Palace between December 22 and 25 are in full swing.The theme reflects the favourable trends towards diamonds and diamond jewellery.According to the convener of the show, Vimal Chand Surana, every two years JJS has a new theme which reflects the prowess of Jaipur in that particular area.Which is why in the past 10 years, the themes have been related to emerald, tanzanite and Kundan Meena. Making the show theme-based enables products to get publicity mileage in India and abroad.Rajiv Jain, secretary, JJS said, \"The selection of theme highlights the speciality of Jaipur and provides a platform for national and international marketing.\"He said Jaipur's contribution has been immense in promoting diamond jewellery. He added that with diamond as the theme, people here will be able to purchase diamond jewellery at a reasonable rate. Media coordinator of JJS, Ajay Kala, said even in the past, editions of JJS diamond jewellery have been hugely successful and popular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17567595", "title": "Misbah-ul-Haq wanted Shahid Afridi for India tour", "text": "KARACHI: The naming of Pakistan's Twenty20 and ODI squads for this month's tour to India was not without disagreements as the selectors overruled captain Misbah-ul-Haq while axing experienced all-rounder Shahid Afridi for the series.The selectors also came under pressure to select opener Imran Nazir and some other players but stuck to their guns to give a chance to the outstanding performers in the ongoing domestic season.\"Misbah who captains the one-day squad wanted Afridi in the squad at the cost of Umar Akmal but the selectors rejected his suggestion,\" one source said.\"Misbah's argument was that Afridi remains a match winning player despite being out of form and his experience would count for a lot in India under pressure and secondly that his presence would put pressure on the Indian side given his past performances,\" the source said.But the source said the selectors insisted on keeping Afridi out of the one-day squad saying they wanted to rebuild the one-day team keeping in mind the next World Cup.\"Misbah's argument was also that since they had retained Afridi in the T20 squad he should also be given a chance in the ODI squad,\" the source said.In the selection of the T20 squad, there was plenty of outside pressure to retain opener Imran Nazir who struggled for form in the World T20 Cup in Sri Lanka few months back.\"There were people who wanted the selectors to give Nazir another chance but the selectors insisted they wanted to give a chance to Ahmed Shahzad,\" the source said.Another reliable source stated that the selectors had also conveyed to Afridi that the two T20 matches in India would be crucial for his future as a Pakistan team member.Interestingly, there was not much debate on the ouster of either senior allrounder Abdul Razzaq or fast bowler Mohammad Sami.\"In Razzaq's case it appears as if he has been punished for having made the public comments about Hafeez's captaincy after the team returned from Sri Lanka,\" the source said.But a source close to the selectors said the idea behind dropping Razzaq was to start grooming a younger player for the future.\"That is why Asad Ali has been chosen as he is a good medium pacer and capable batsman and performed well in the recent national T20 championship taking 15 wickets.\"Asad also hails from Faisalabad the hometown of both the national captains, Hafeez and Misbah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564731", "title": "Apples may keep cancer away", "text": "NEW DELHI: The fear surrounding the C-word notwithstanding, most cancers may be prevented. Cancer biologists see a lot of hope in natural compounds that can prevent tumour angiogenesis (growth of new blood vessels that lead to spread of cancer).Most research at Jawaharlal Nehru University Cancer Biology Laboratory is now focussed on finding these compounds. A recent finding that scientists at the lab are excited about is the role of Fisetin, a compound found in strawberries, apples, onions and some vegetables in inhibiting the growth of tumours associated with prostate cancer.Even though a lot of research studies had indicated earlier that Fisetin may have anti-tumor activity, the lab at JNU aimed to prove its efficacy in inhibiting tumor angiogenesis both in-vitro and in-vivo. When administered on mice, the team found Fisetin treatment strongly inhibited vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) induced vascularization of implants. It also inhibited growth and capillary network formation by human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC), and many angiogenic markers in prostate cancer cells.\"This finding has given us a lot of clues and we are making potent hypothesis that phytochemicals like Fisetin play a major role in preventing tumor angiogenesis,\" says Rana P Singh, associate professor of cancer biology and lead researcher of the study which was recently published in the journal, Carcinogenesis.Fisetin is not the only compound that may have a miraculous effect on tumor angiogenesis; Rana's team is also studying the effect of Silibinin, Decursin and Acacetin. Silibinin is found in the extract of Milk Thistle seeds and has proven to inhibit angiogenesis. Decursin found in the roots of Angelica herb has also been studied by the team and found to have a potency to limit tumor growth.JNU has recently taken up a research project funded by Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) on Acacetin, found in marigold, sun flower and other plants of the same family. Another compound that scientists are excited about is Diallyl Triisulfide which is derived from garlic and other Allium plants.\"Around 5% to 10% of cancers are caused due to genetic factors. Others are due to environmental or lifestyle issues. That is why there is a lot of interest in prevention. After 40 years of research on developing a drug to fight cancer, we have not managed to find that magic bullet that will work. Since the financial burden of cancer is huge, it's best to focus on prevention. Phytochemicals found in our daily diet can have a significant effect on our health,\" adds Rana.At the Indo-US bilateral meeting on accelerating botanicals/biologics agent development research for cancer chemoprevention held at the Moffitt Cancer Center in Florida, government health agencies from India and US focused on accelerating development of biologic drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17565409", "title": "Two reportedly commit suicide in separate incidents", "text": "INDORE: A 22-year-old man reportedly committed suicide by hanging himself at Bhoi Mohalla here on Sunday night.The deceased has been identified as Atul Gaud, son of Atmaram Gaud. Atul had gone to attend a wedding in Bhopal on Saturday. He returned home on Sunday night, entered his room and hanged himself. His family members informed Sadar Bazaar police and rushed him to a local hospital where doctors declared him brought dead.Meanwhile, one Rajbahadur Pal reportedly committed suicide by hanging himself at Prince Colony on Sunday night. The family members reported the issue to Banganga police. Police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17563385", "title": "HC settles motherhood dispute of minor boy", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand high court on Monday disposed of a suit on the motherhood of 11-year-old Sunil Oraon alias Ravish alias Kittu, who had gone missing since October 2010, and ordered that one Meera Devi was the biological mother of the boy.A division bench of the court comprising Justices D N Patel and Prashant Kumar also asked the director of a shelter home, where Sunil has been living on the directive of the court in the wake of dispute, to hand over the boy to Meera. The order came after the court heard the arguments of Meera and one Bolo Orain, who had also claimed to be Sunil's mother, and examined the documentary evidences.Standing counsel Rangan Mukhopadhyay said the court was convinced especially after it got the DNA report of the child and the two women. \"The DNA report had mentioned that Meera was the biological mother of the child.\" The DNA test was done by the state forensic science laboratory following the high court's orders to solve the motherhood dispute between the two women.Meera had claimed that on October 17, 2010, Sunil, then nine years old, had gone missing from school. A station diary had been filed at Sukdeo Nagar police station here. Meera filed a case on October 1, 2012, seeking custody of Bolo. But Bolo kept on claiming that the boy was her son. She claimed that Meera was trying to mislead the court by making false claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17565808", "title": "Exhibition by Trishla Jain", "text": "A pop up exhibition titled 'Tangerine Trees and Marmalade Skies', by Trishla Jain will be on view at Sunaparanta - Goa Centre for The Arts, 63/C-8, near Lar de Estudantes, Altinho, Panaji , till December 12, between 10am and 7pm. Open all days. For details, call 0832-2421311.Exhibition of paintings, sculptures at KA: Pyde Pyper Art Academy will present an exhibition of drawings, paintings, sculptures and sketch books by the students of the institute. Governor Bharat V Wanchoo will be the chief guest at the inaugural function to be held on December 13, at 4.15pm, at Kala Academy, Panaji. The exhibition will be open for the public from December 14 to 17, from 10am to 7pm.Awards for tiatr artistes: On the occasion of the birth anniversary of Pai Tiatrist Joao Agostinho Fernandes, Tiatr Academy Goa, in collaboration with Ravindra Bhavan, Margao, will present lifetime contribution awards to 11 tiatr personalities on December 14, at Ravindra Bhavan. The awards will conferred on C D Silva, Jessie Dias, Jr Rod, Diana Fernandes, Josefina Dias, Betty Ferns, Joe Rose , August de Panchwadi, Manuel Dourado, Roseferns and Tomazinho Cardozo. The award consists of a memento, a citation, a shawl and cash Rs 20,000. The awards presentation function will be followed by the staging of the prize winning tiatr at Kala Academy's 38th tiatr festival 'Pancho Mandament', by Alfi Art Production, Divar.Symposium on land development: The Council for Social Justice and Peace (CSJP) will organize a symposium on the topic 'Impact of land development and building construction regulations on village self-governance in Goa' on December 15, from 9.30amd to 12.30pm, at Caritas Holiday Home, St Inez, Panaji. For details and registration, call on 2422821 or email at governancegoa@gmail.com.Launch of pop music album: ICU (Innocently Corrupt Unit), a girls' pop band, will release its maiden pop album 'Life on money' on December 16, at 5pm, at Rendezvous, Dona Paula, at the hands of Tony Dias (ex-deputy commissioner of customs).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17565721", "title": "Goa to take another shot at Jawaharlal Nehru national urban renewal mission mission", "text": "PANAJI: The directorate of municipal administration (DMA) is trying hard to impress the Jawaharlal Nehru national urban renewal mission mission (JNNURM) development committee in order to qualify under the scheme which is likely to be extended for another period of five years.Goa is required to meet 18 obligatory conditions to qualify under JNNURM.Deputy chief minister Francis D'Souza, who also holds the urban development portfolio, will call a meeting of his officers to ensure that Goa doesn't miss the bus for the second time.\"I have spoken to officials from the Union urban ministry who have been informing that in all probability, the JNNURM scheme will be extended further. I'm planning to have a meeting of the officers to get the ground work ready,\" said D'Souza.Sandip Jacques, director of municipal administration, said Goa, being a small state, finds it more difficult to comply with the conditions pertaining to delegation of powers. It includes that sections such as education, PWD, higher education, police and fire services be vested in municipal bodies.Jacques said he has made a submission before the JNNURM committee to give relaxation to Goa in certain conditions. \"We have full-fledged departments of education, police and fire. It is convenient for a bigger state to hand over administration of these departments to a civic body. But Goa being a small state, it is difficult to comply with some of the conditions,\" said Jacques.The JNNURM committee will visit Goa in February 2013 to have a review meeting.Under the first JNNURM scheme that ended in December, 2011, Goa hardly got any major projects sanctioned.The Corporation of the city of Panaji (CCP) which could not take up any major project for the last year, could manage to get sanctions for just two projects under the JNNURM scheme.These include 3.76 crore for heritage and parks and gardens and 71.21 crore for water supply.The other equally important projects such as a solid waste management plant at Bainguinim and desilting and rejuvenation of the St Inez creek couldn't be taken to its logical conclusion as Detailed Project Reports (DPRs) of these committees did not reach Delhi in time.Other municipalities that got funds under JNNURM scheme were Sanguem 5.85 crore, Sanquelim 14.47 crore and Bicholim 8.34 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17569184", "title": "Britney Spears' sons to follow her footsteps?", "text": "Britney Spears is apparently gearing her sons up to follow in her footsteps.The pop star took her two boys to check out a music academy in Calabasas on Saturday - where it seems the youngsters may have been signing up for lessons, the Daily Mail reported.Earlier on, the singer had treated the family to a Starbucks.Then they all headed over to California Music Academy, which prides itself on piano, guitar and singing lessons for children.Britney and her boys waited in the car while the singer's fiance Jason Trawick ran inside to perhaps gather some information and paperwork.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17565858", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcTharu\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 tribals to help protect Suhelwa tigers", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities of Suhelwa Wildlife sanctuary are all set to depute members of 'Tharu' tribe around checkposts for intelligence-gathering aimed at tackling poachers and checking crime against wildlife in the terai belt of the region.\"Wildlife poaching is a major problem in the region. The tiger reserve of Suhelwa is under constant threat from poachers. After declaring the area as a critical tiger habitat, this step (involving Tharu community) would be another initiative for combating wildlife crime and managing tiger conservation in the sanctuary,\" District Forest officer Manish Mittal told TOI.Society for Conservation of Nature in co-ordination with Suhelwa Wildlife sanctuary will organise a host of related events in villages dominated by the Tharu tribe living on the fringes of the sanctuary in the coming days, he added.\"During our interactions, we will emphasise why the forests and tigers or other wild animals need to be protected,\" said Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, Society for Conservation of Nature. Though the main focus of the exercise would be to check crime against wildlife, particularly tiger poaching, it will also check destruction of habitat of wild animals.\"We are also working on the master plan across the Suhelwa Wildlife Sanctuary, which covers an area of 452 sq km dotting Balrampur, Gonda and Shrawasti districts across Indo-Nepal border,\" Chauhan added. The area would be further divided into seven ranges and security arrangements would be made at all the strategic points in all the ranges,\" said another senior forest official adding that the department would also increase the number of checkposts particularly near the Nepal border to prevent poachers from entering the sanctuary area.\"Apart from training, the community will be sensitised about wildlife Acts. Since poachers who enter the sanctuary through bordering areas of Nepal are equipped with modern equipment, the forest security personnel at the checkposts too will be given latest security gadgets including arms and ammunition, communication tools and satellite tracking devices. They will also be given regular training for updating their skills,\" said an official.Besides, to assimilate members of the Tharu tribe into the mainstream, several events will be organised around the wildlife sanctuary.These include plantation programmes, conservation rallies and nature games for children of the community who would also be made aware of the importance of nature and wildlife conservation. Film shows on wildlife and nature conservation will be conducted apart from other activities like painting competitions and quiz, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17563386", "title": "LPG delivery boys meet collector", "text": "MADURAI: Liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) cylinder delivery labourers, numbering around 200, petitioned the Madurai district collector, Anshul Mishra, to allow them to deliver gas cylinders to houses using their two-wheelers.Recently, a team of officials led by the district supplies officer in Madurai district seized LPG cylinders citing the existing law that gas cylinders should not carried on bicycles and motorcycles. Protesting the move, members of the LPG Delivery Labour Union, which has more than 500 delivery persons in Madurai district exhorted the collector to allow them to distribute the cylinders in two-wheelers.T Thangavel, a member of the union said that it is not feasible to carry the cylinders in three-wheelers and four-wheelers as the officials emphasize. The vehicles cannot enter most of the residential areas in the city, which has very narrow lanes. \"We cannot leave the vehicle at a distance and carry the cylinder on shoulder, since cylinders in the vehicles are stolen,\" he said.\"Moreover, we cannot deliver the cylinders on time if we use three-wheelers and four-wheelers due to the heavy traffic clogs in the arterial roads of the city,\" he said.\"We get a paltry sum of Rs 3 to deliver a cylinder from the distributor. We can deliver a maximum of 600 cylinders in a month. It is not even enough to meet the expenses of the fuel for the two-wheeler. It is not possible to make both our ends meet with the meagre commission,\" lamented C Pichaikani, another member.What they get as tips from the customer is their livelihood. They get Rs 20 to Rs 30 from each customer as tip. They cannot spend the money for paying the mechanised three-wheeler and four-wheelers. District administration should save their livelihood by allowing them to deliver the cylinders in two-wheelers, Pichaikani also said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17565847", "title": "Mumbai police close 2,000 cases in 10 months this year", "text": "MUMBAI: The Palghar case involving slapping of grave charges against Shaheen Dhada and her friend Rinu Srinivasanan following an innocuous Facebook comment may have been ordered closed only a few days after it was filed, but closure of cases is a common occurrence in police proceedings in the city.In the 24,821 cases registered in 10 months from January till October this year, the Mumbai police filed around 2,000 summary closure report.Police close investigation into cases temporarily or permanently by filing A, B or C summary reports in the courts. They can also effectively close a case after converting an FIR into a non-cognizable offence. Sources said the trend in case closure has been similar for the past few years.The most closure reports (1,870) were filed under the A summary\u00e2\u20ac\u201dprobe stopped temporarily as the case has remained undetected\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwi th the cops almost admitting their inability to solve the cases.Under B summary dealing with false cases, the police filed for the fewest closures, only 17. Under this norm, citizens could proceed against cops for and vice versa. Twenty-five cases were closed as no case was made out under C summary.An analysis of case figures for January to October, made available by the Mumbai police, shows that chargesheets have been filed in only 5,901 cases, fewer than a quarter of all registered cases. Combined with the fact that cops closed 1,917 cases in the same period, it shows that a massive 68.5% of the registered cases in 10 months are pending with the police.A senior police officer said that most of the 1,870 cases closed under A summary (see box), the norm most frequently used, would be petty or property-related cases. It indicates that the police are not treating every offence seriously. In serious offences, they wait for a year or more before filing the report. They can reopen investigation whenever they find any clue after informing the court.Admitting that piling cases at police stations is a problem, an officer said cops often decide not to thoroughly probe petty cases like chain-snatching or family disputes, considering it a waste of public resources. They find that the easiest way to dispose of petty offences is by filing an A summary report.In a reflection of the Mumbai policemen's perception of priority, the senior officer said detection rates in serious offences is high in Mumbai unlike in the petty and property-related cases.After the furore over the Palghar case, DGP Sanjeev Dayal had said the local police would file a C summary report in the case. But many lawyers say that instead of couching the action of the suspended policemen in the confusion clause, the force should file it under B summary, admitting that it was a false case.Referring to the poor rate of chargesheeting, an officer said delay in filing the chargesheet often helps the accused influence a case. Till a chargesheet is filed and all the investigation documents go to the court's custody, policemen's hands can be greased to make changes in it.The senior officer said, \"It's the responsibility of the zonal deputy commissioner to ensure that the cases are disposed of in a time-bound manner. The DCP should enquire about pendency and the reasons for delaying a chargesheet during regular visits to the police stations. The large pendency is not good for the department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17565432", "title": "Jaiswal shows Mamata the way", "text": "HOWRAH: Howrah municipality has resolved to steer clear of the controversial trident lights that have put the Kolkata Municipal Corporation in a spot. The municipality has decided to decorate its streets with solar lights instead. Howrah has received a shot in the arm by being chosen as the country's next Solar City by the ministry of renewable energy.Buoyed by the newfound status, the municipality has decided not to sanction any new building that fails to install solar system.Howrah mayor Mamata Jaiswal said on Monday, \"We have decided not to allow any new building that does not incorporate solar system in its plan. We are the first municipality in the state to issue such a notification.\" She added, \"We are not interested in trident lights and will instead promote renewable energy both on the streets and inside buildings. This will reduce electricity cost and help us make Howrah less polluted.\"The norms, as spelt out in the notification, say that lights, fans and other appliances will be allowed to run by electricity, but not water heaters. \"We shall set up teams to monitor the new buildings, especially highrises and commercial and residential complexes, to check if they have installed the solar system in accordance with the building plans submitted by them to the municipality,\" said Jaiswal.The mayor said camps will be organized to create awareness on renewable energy and the ministry had already sanctioned Rs 12 lakh for the purpose.According to instructions from the ministry, the municipality has assigned Iclei South Asia to create a master plan for helping Howrah become a Solar City. It will get Rs 8 lakh from the ministry for the master plan for which organisations like Besu would be roped in for consultancy. The master plan will be submitted by May 31, 2013, said Jaiswal.The Trinamool Kolkata Municipal Corporation (TMC) would have a lesson to learn from its neighbouring Howrah municipality, which has resolved to steer clear of the controversial tridents and instead cover its streets with solar lights. The municipality is especially received a shot in the arm by being chosen by the ministry of renewable energy as the country's next Solar City. Buoyed by the newfound status, the municipality has decided not to sanction any new building that fails to install solar system.At a time when the Mamata Banerjee government is busy dotting Kolkata, Salt Lake and some other municipal towns with the trident lights despite the exposes on the irregularities behind commissioning of this aspect of beautification, Howrah mayor Mamata Jaiswal seemed to have found something to gloat over and perhaps put the Trinamool dispensation to shame.She said on Monday, \"We have decided not to allow any new building that does not incorporate solar system in its plan. We are the first municipality in the state to issue such a notification.\" She added, \"We are not interested in trident lights and will instead promote renewable energy both on the streets and inside the buildings. This would reduce electricity cost by 10 per and help us make Howrah less polluted.\"\"Solar system\" would effectively mean installing solar heaters instead of the electricity-run geyser. The norms, as spelt out in the notification, say that lights and fans and other appliances would be allowed to run as usual, by electricity. But not water heaters. \"We shall set up teams to monitor the new buildings, especially high-rises and commercial and residential complexes, to check if they have installed the solar system in accordance with the building plans submitted by them to the municipality,\" said Jaiswal. The mayor said owners of existing buildings would be requested to install the solar system.She maintained that people would come round with proper awareness. Hence, camps will be organised to make people realise the uses of renewable energy as opposed to electricity. A sum of Rs 12 lakh has already been sanctioned by the ministry of renewable energy for the awareness camps.As per instructions from the ministry, the municipality has assigned Iclei South Asia to create a master plan for helping Howrah become a Solar City. Around Rs 8 lakhs would come from the ministry for the master plan for which organisations like Besu would be roped in for consultancy. The master plan will be submitted by May 31, 2013, said the mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17566153", "title": "Tigress is recovering at zoo; to be left into forest", "text": "MYSORE: The four-year-old tigress rescued from Nagarahole National Park is recuperating from injury sustained on her left forelimb. It is being treated at Mysore Zoo.The big cat is healthy and is having food regularly. It is being monitored at the zoo hospital. \"Special care is being taken,\" said a zoo source. The tigress is expected to be released into reserve forests by this weekend. Unlike tigers, tigresses get adjusted to new territory or environment faster.Principal chief conservator of forests, Dipak Sarmah, who is also state chief wildlife warden, told TOI that the tigress is hale and hearty. The injury on its left foreleg is not serious. \"Earlier, we had suspected that the tigress has suffered fracture, but examination has confirmed that there is no damage to bone. The wound is healing,\" the PCCF stated.The official said that they will continue to monitor the tigress for another three-four days, after which they will take a decision on relocating it into the woods.The tigress was brought to Mysore Zoo from Kodagu for treatment a week ago. It had sustained injuries after getting entangled in a barbed wire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17565606", "title": "Dengue turns deadlier", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you have been stung by a dengue mosquito, be a little more wary as it can result in haemorrhagic fever which can trigger a fatal shock too.Dengue is turning deadlier this season. It is believed that the more dangerous DEN2 - one of the four types of dengue virus which has been detected in Maharashtra - is also making its presence felt in the city. PGI has sent samples for the genetic testing of the dengue virus.There is no fixed pattern for the dengue virus to occur. However, the commonest viruses had been type 1 and 3. \"We also suspect DENV2 to be circulating in the region as found elsewhere. Whenever there is immunity against any virus, a variant emerges and comes with a different form. Samples have been sent to confirm DENV2 and its subtypes,\" said Dr R K Ratho, head of the virology department, PGI.This time, dengue virus has not only prevailed during the winters - even though low temperature earlier used to hamper its proliferation - but a new virus causing haemorrhagic shock, and not just fever, has made the threat scarier.Recently, the PGI's department of virology has been recognized as a lab by the Government of India to study all these mutations in the viruses.The dengue virus Type I causes the classic dengue fever , Type II haemorrhagic fever with shock, Type III virus causes fever without shock and Type IV causes fever with shock or profound shock.Already, the National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme (NVBDCP), UT has recorded four dengue cases in the city which is the usual phenomena. Experts reason this as a change in the genetic pattern of the virus. \"We will get all the details of the type of virus and its subtype soon. This will help in understanding the genetic pattern of the dengue virus,\" said Dr Ratho.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17565359", "title": "No complaints of stolen articles puts cops in a fix", "text": "AURANGABAD: After getting custody of six youths from Nanded police, the city police were hopeful of cracking some theft and house break-in cases that were committed across the city in the last few months, were perplexed when they found no complaint lodged in the police stations about articles recovered from the gang.Speaking to TOI, sub inspector Prakash Jacob attached to Cidco police station said, \"During investigation senior inspector Pratap Baviskar recovered watches, 13 cellphones, a laptop and two gold chains worth Rs 95,000 and Rs 32,000. from them. But we do not know whom the articles belong, as there are no complaints about them. Our team led by inspector Baviskar raided the rented room of the accused and recovered some dairies, which came along with a stolen bag which at that time contained Rs 1.04 lakh in cash.\"The Aurangabad police took six youths into custody from the Nanded police after they allegedly confessed to committing thefts and burglaries across the city. The accused were first taken on transit remand by the Cidco police station on Saturday.All the six were recently arrested by the Nanded police for committing thefts, burglaries and house break-ins across Nanded district and recovered four stolen bikes from their person. During investigation, the accused confessed to have committed property related crimes not only in Nanded but also in other parts of the state including Aurangabad, Chandrapur, Yavatmal, Parbhani and Latur. The information was passed on to the city police, who sought a transit remand of the accused and brought them to the city on Saturday.In the initial investigation, the accused have confessed that they would roam around every lane and road of the city under the pretext of selling plastic mats and would strike at every opportunity they got, added the police.Language was a barrier during interrogation as the accused claimed they did not know Hindi or Marathi. Police then roped in a translator and a sub inspector having knowledge of the language.The arrested accuseds have been identified as Anand Danayya Petla, Vijay Ramayya Kuchla, Shekhar Nagraj Pesapte, Raju Prakash Balanna, Israel Petla, Vainkayya Arun Petla from different Andhra Pradesh. They have confessed to committing some crimes in Cidco area in the past few months and to have lifted from a bag containing Rs 1.04 lakh from a car by breaking the pane.Assistant commissioner of police Vijay Pawar said, \"The accused were staying in a rented house in Banewadi area since August this year and our teams have searched their rented house and got some incriminating proof against them. After the Cidco police are done with the interrogation, the other police stations will also demand their custody so that the investigations into the pending cases are detected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17564998", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation, politicos play blame game over water cuts", "text": "PUNE: After the state government denied additional water to Pune, the citizens are left with no option but to do with once a day water supply until the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) completes pending projects.Meanwhile, the blame game has begun. Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar said the corporation has been dragging its feet on vital projects like sewage treatment and metered water supply. The Opposition has held Pawar responsible saying that it is his party that is ruling the PMC for the last six years and has still failed to complete the long-pending projects.The district planning and development council (DPDC) meeting on Saturday had a detailed discussion on the civic water supply. City MLAs Mahadev Babar, Chandrakant Mokate (both from the Shiv Sena), Vinayak Nimhan of the Congress and Madhuri Misal of the BJP demanded that the city's twice-a-day supply should be resumed as dams providing water to the city have sufficient storage.Last year, at this time, dams had a storage of 21.82 TMC while today it is 21.74 TMC. \"There is not much difference between last year and this year's storage. However, then the PMC was providing water twice a day while today it has been reduced to once a day?\" said Nimhan.Ajit Pawar refused to buy this argument. \"Last year, the PMC used 14.5 TMC water when the actual quota allocated was 11.5 TMC. The city used the additional quota reserved for rural Pune and hence the PMC was able to provide water twice a day. Now, it is not possible for the irrigation department to allow the city to encroach upon rural Pune's needs.\"Pawar counted the number of pending PMC projects. \"The PMC has not released a single drop of treated water in canals for irrigation. The sewage treatment plants are incomplete. Also the 24x7 water and meter project are pending. The state has sanctioned 2.6 TMC water from Bhama Askhed dam for the city but the PMC has not shown interest in laying a direct pipeline to lift the water.\"Since March this year, the city was receiving 1,000 million litres per day (MLD) water from reservoirs. After monsoon spells, the city now lifts about 1,100 MLD water. This means that the 20% water cuts have been reduced to 10%. With this the PMC can provide sufficient water to all parts once a day. But with the available quota, it cannot resume twice-a-day supply as state irrigation will not give 14.5 TMC water.'Pawar responsible for water crisis'Opposition parties and civic activists are unhappy with Ajit Pawar blaming the PMC. \"The NCP has been ruling the PMC. Who should complete the projects and who is Pawar blaming?\" asked Congress MLA Vinayak Nimhan. He demanded that the responsibility to complete the projects should be fixed. BJP city president Vikas Mathkari said, \"I don't know how Ajit Pawar could blame the PMC when he is the leader of the ruling party for nearly six years. They have only reaped the benefits of power and ignored all basic problems of people. By blaming the PMC, Pawar is blaming himself. The NCP and Pawar have indirectly admitted their failure to resolve the water crisis.\" Shiv Sena MLA Chandrakant Mokate said the NCP should not look for excuses to cover up its failure. The civic administration is in a tizzy. \"The deputy chief minister is blaming the PMC.The administration works as per directions of the elected representatives. As the ruling party, the NCP has to play the leading role to sanction and complete the projects. However, NCP leaders prefer to keep tenders pending and have interest in other matters then the actual project\" said a civic official. In fact, on the backdrop of the DPDC meeting on Saturday, a senior civic official asked an NCP leader to reduce his \"appetite\". \" Leaders block the project if the administration questions the contractors suggested them. Many a time the project has to wait for years as leaders want specific contractors for the reasons known to everyone,\" he said. However, NCP leaders said \"efforts are being made\" to complete the projects. NCP spokesperson Ankush Kakade said the NCP is putting maximum efforts to complete the projects and many of them were pending because of \"technical\" reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17565599", "title": "Eve-teasing: HC says women\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s dignity at stake", "text": "MUMBAI: Exactly a week after a 19-year-old youth was killed in Dombivli by a group of boys after he took them on for passing lewd comments on a girl, the Bombay high court on Monday said eve-teasing needed to be redressed as the question of women's dignity was at stake.The court's observation came on a suo motu public interest litigation. Taking note of the need to ensure the safety of women, a division bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode had recommended the framing of norms for women working on night shifts and requested the chief justice to take it up as a PIL. The recommendation from the judges came on September 17, 2012 after they upheld the death sentence of two men who raped and killed a 22-year-old Pune BPO executive on November 1, 2007.On November 8, 2012, the CJ converted the judges' request into a PIL and assigned it before the same bench. When the matter came up for hearing on Monday, the judges said women's security was a burning issue. \"Apart from security to be provided to women, it has been noticed that of late there have been instances where people rescuing women have been assaulted and murdered,\" Justice Kanade said, adding the issue needed to be resolved considering all aspects.The next hearing will be on December 12, 2012, and directed government lawyers to remain present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17563533", "title": "Mayhem at Bhubaneswar hospital as rival gangs clash", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A gang of 40 hooligans attacked the Capital Hospital here on Monday, ransacking the casualty ward and assaulting patients, after police stopped them from snatching away some of their rival gang members, who were admitted to the hospital following a clash between the two groups at Baramunda.The mayhem, which continued for nearly 30 minutes, occurred at a stone's throw from the hospital police outpost. Doctors scurried for cover and patients were brutally beaten, while policemen stood by as mute spectators.Describing the terror unleashed by the mob, a lady doctor said on condition of anonymity, \"We were caught unawares. I hid myself in the bathroom of the casualty ward. I was trembling with fear and could hear glass doors shattering outside. I came out only after normalcy was restored.\"Another doctor N K Dwivedy said, \"I stood helpless as they pushed me aside and started beating up my patient, who had come to get his injured elbow stitched.\" The patient Chetan Goswami (32) suffered serious injuries on his eyebrows and forehead. \"I did not know why they attacked me. Police did not come to my rescue,\" said Goswami, groaning in pain. Hospital staff said another patient sustained minor injuries. None of the doctors were injured in the no-holds-barred brawl, however. The attackers, who police said are some hawkers of Baramunda bus stand, did not spare journalists either. Alok Patra, scribe of a vernacular daily, sustained bruises on his head. \"They hit my head with a helmet,\" Patra said.Amid the chaos, the assaulters as well as their rivals managed to escape from the clutches of police, sources said.Hospital staff and patients blamed the incident on police unpreparedness. \"The attack described the sorry state of security at the premiere hospital in the city. The mob showed the audacity of attacking the hospital despite the presence of a police outpost nearby,\" said Prateek Tripathy, relative of a patient at the hospital.Police, however, said they prevented the mob from causing serious damage to the hospital and patients. \"Our personnel interfered at the right time and stopped the mob from attacking people,\" said ACP (zone-I) Nihar Ranjan Das. \"The accused would be arrested soon,\" Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17565255", "title": "Doctors threaten 24 hr strike", "text": "RAIPUR: The Indian Medical Association (IMA) has threatened to go on a 24 hours strike on Wednesday if the accused, who stabbed a doctor at Shri Ram Kinkar Hospital on December 5, is not arrested. The association members went on a candle-light march on Monday evening to draw attention to their plight.The strike is likely to primarily affect private hospitals in Raipur. The doctors are also demanding police security at private sector hospitals. Talking to TOI, Dr Ajay Sahai, President of IMA said, \"We will shut all private nursing homes for 24 hours if the accused are not arrested.\" Expressing concern at the stabbing of Dr Navneet Jain, Dr Sahai said it's the responsibility of the police to provide security to the doctors. \"Either they post their staff at private hospitals or open police posts close to them,\" he demanded.Dr Jain was stabbed by an unidentified person who barged into his cabin on the fateful day. The suspect allegedly stabbed the doctor repeatedly after a heated argument. The doctor was rushed to the ICU by his staff and nurses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17563375", "title": "VAT cut on generators to help big consumers, cost state govt Rs 3 crore a year", "text": "As people continue to suffer from long power outages in Tamil Nadu , the state government's decision to slash value added tax (VAT) from 14.5% to 5% for gen-sets (big generators) and waive existing 5% VAT on furnace oil would go a long way in giving financial relief to bulk consumers.While VAT for small generators was slashed to 5% in 2008, it was reduced for gen-sets only on December 7. Going by the tax revenue for the government from sales of gen-sets in recent years, it is estimated that the government may have to forgo `3 crore annually on account of the reduction in VAT, said an official. He said the industries bodies have been making representations to the government seeking a cut in VAT on gen-sets.\"In view of the present power crisis, we felt it will go a long way in helping the people,\" said an official. In the IT sector alone, it would benefit about 100 start-up companies, which are registered in the state annually, noted NASSCOM regional director for Tamil Nadu, K Purushothaman. Almost 50% of them are started in Chennai. With power cuts increasing in recent weeks, IT parks' dependence on generators for power has gone up to about 300 hours per month, he said. Builders who promote major residential apartment projects form another segment of bulk purchasers of gen-sets as common facilities like lifts and water pumps have to be operated even during load shedding.Chennai's suburbs alone have about 10,000 gen-sets below 200 KVA capacity and about 6,000 of them with higher capacities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17565185", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSistema won\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t write off $3bn to stay in India\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Russian telecom conglomerate Sistema JSFC , facing an uncertain future on its participation in the Indian market , is clear that it needs compensation for cancelled permits. Vsevolod Rozanov, president &amp; CEO of Sistema Shyam, the Russian giant's Indian unit, also told TOI that a participation in a second round of spectrum auction or any possible M&A; activity will not mean forgoing previous investments. Sistema will be forced out of market by next month after Supreme Court, looking into the irregularities of the 2G spectrum allocation, cancelled its 21 permits in February this year. Excerpts:Sistema wants to invoke the Indo-Russian bilateral treaty if cancelled permits are not restored. And permits expire next month if courts don't consider your curative petition soon. With time running out, what are your options?If there is no progress this week, there's no scope for clarity as the courts break for Christmas vacation. Discussions are on between Sistema and the Indian government , but we haven't heard of a solution yet.As far as the implications go, Sistema will claim for the losses that we would incur if we have to exit. We don't want to shut down after creating a niche for our brand MTS. We have 16 million customers but we have to feel secure about our investments here. We want to see signs of security for our past and future investments from the government, or we would have to withdraw and claim the $3.2 billion that we have put in this country. If the government, which invited us, cannot protect our investments, then it will have to return it to us.But what stopped you from participating in the fresh auctions which the court mandated? Telenor, another aggrieved global telco, bid in the recent auctions...I don't want to comment on Telenor. But our argument is clear, that Sistema's case was different. There's was no criminality attributed to us or our joint venture company as part of the investigations into spectrum allocation. We were unfairly clubbed with many others in our opinion.Sistema brought in more than $3 billion. Now it cannot be simply put aside, saying, participate in a new auction. The fact of the matter is that there were no takers for CDMA then, and no takers now. You cannot live with such treatment of investments in the long term. India needs to figure out how our past investments will be adjusted if we have to move forward.Is it possible for India to compensate from the rupee-rouble fund since Kremlin is a part stakeholder in your local JV? What are the other options you are hearing from the government?The government is of the view that they prefer an amicable discussion, but there's no clarity on its direction. We have all legal rights to move for an arbitration but we have not filed anything till now and that proves that Sistema has huge patience. I know that the Russian government invested in Sistema Shyam through the rupee-rouble fund. It could be a source of additional funding for Russian companies operating here, but I have absolutely no clue whether it can be used to set off past investments. I have not been part of any such discussions on this by the governments or Sistema. (The rupee-rouble fund is a Soviet era trade surplus, which could be used by Russian companies with approval from central banks)Do you want to stay invested on the CDMA platform in India, or are you keen on boarding GSM under dual technology?We are a big CDMA player globally, but we are also a dual tech player in markets like Ukraine . In India, we want to stay on with CDMA platform, while looking at the GSM opportunity. But starting GSM from scratch does not make sense. We are willing to invest heavily here, only if the government made us comfortable that Russian investments are welcome in Indian telecom. And I can't see any reason why not, since telecom sector here needs at least $20 billion investments over the next few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17563844", "title": "100 abandoned bikes lie at CMBT parking lot", "text": "CHENNAI: More than 100 abandoned motorbikes lie unclaimed at a parking lot at the Chennai Mofussil Bus Terminus (CMBT) in Koyambedu. A few parts are missing in some bikes, while the wheels have been removed in others.Police say most of the stolen bikes in the city are used by criminals and later abandoned. As the owners claim insurance and buy new vehicles, these bikes lie unclaimed in parking lots.A staffer at the CMBT parking lot said, \"we have informed police who are yet to dispose them.\" He, however, didn't comment when asked about the missing parts in some bikes.According to police figures, every day more than one lakh people visit the CMBT where the parking lot can accommodate more than 2,000 vehicles.Many complain that staff at the parking lot don't enter the vehicle numbers in the receipt given to customers. G Balaji, coordinator of PACE, an NGO, says, \"When I went there recently, I asked them to enter my vehicle number in the receipt, but they didn't. I saw many bikes dusting there and returned home.\"Several people agree. \"If the staff maintain a register for all vehicles entering and leaving the place, it will help police to crack many crime cases too,\" says M Karthik, a Madras high court lawyer.As per police statistics, at least one car or bike is stolen every day in the city. About 300 complaints of car and bike thefts have been received so far this year.Police say they are doing their best to trace the owners of abandoned vehicles. Says Anna Nagar deputy commissioner of police Prem Anand Sinha, \"We have been conducting regular exercises to trace the owners of vehicles abandoned at the CMBT. Recently, we returned more than 50 vehicles to the owners after verifying the documents.\"There is another problem. Says a police officer, \"even after we managed to track down the owners of a few abandoned bikes, they didn't show interest as they had already bought new vehicles after claiming the insurance.\"Earlier, during a crackdown on abandoned two-wheelers when Nanchil Kumaran was the police commissioner, more than 100 abandoned vehicles were recovered and the original owners traced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17565784", "title": "Fire traps 30 in Film City, exposes poor infrastructure", "text": "MUMBAI: A blaze in a Film City studio in Goregaon on Sunday exposed the poor in frastructure of the government-run unit. A 30-member team shooting at the spot was trapped in one of the studios as the doors were jammed and there were no fire extinguishers, said eyewitnesses.Ad filmmaker Tushar Raut, who was shooting for an ad film with the 30-member unit, said, \"There was a fire at the main board of the set. Within minutes, the entire set was filled with smoke. There was panic everywhere and people started to run out, but the doors wouldn't open. It took us a long time to push them open.''Raut said there were no gatekeepers outside the studio, who could have helped in such a situation. An upset Raut is planning to take action against the studio. He said, \"There were no fire extinguishers. People were running around, trying to put off the fire with sand, and there was no water. Despite people complaining, the management of this studio does not really care about human life.\"The Federation of Western India Cine Employees (FWICE) has been writing to Film City officials for several years, complaining about the lack of safety measures and poor maintenance of the studio. Prem Singh Thakur of FWICE, who reached the spot, said recently an AC duct had fallen on the head of one of the workers. \"Many stages here are in poor condition,'' he said.FWICE president Dharmesh Tiwari said, \"We have been complaining about safety issues, maintenance and lack of basic amenities, but the authorities don't really care.''Tiwari blames producers, too. He said, \"It is the producer who should be questioning the studio as they pay hefty amounts to them. But they don't do so as most of them have their sets standing in the studio and deadlines to meet. But it is the workers who will be the first casualty and we are not going to tolerate this.''The studio agrees that the doors are old. When told that the FWICE has been complaining for the last four years, joint managing director Mangesh Mohite said, \"We are taking precautions.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17563264", "title": "Karnataka eye first win of season", "text": "BANGALORE: After three successive poor innings with the bat, two of which led to their first ever loss to Odisha, the Karnataka batsmen finally came to the party.Almost to a man, the talented but vastly underperforming unit chose the occasion well. Seemingly down and out after being bowled out for 192 in the first essay, having chosen to bat at that, the batsmen, given a second chance by their bowlers who restricted Delhi's lead to 66, seized it in style to enable their side declare their second innings at an imposing 475 for nine.Set a near improbable 410 to get in the last innings, Delhi stuttered their way to 40 for 3 at stumps at the Chinnaswamy Stadium on Monday.On Tuesday, the final day of the four-day clash, the visitors will need to either bat out 90 overs to retain the three points they gained for the first innings lead or score the remaining 370 runs to pull off an incredible win.A charged-up Karnataka, in sight of their maiden victory in the season, and one that will keep them in contention to advance and possibly stave off relegation, will not make it easy by any means. Yes, there was a period in the morning when three wickets fell with the total stationary on 167, this after Robin Uthappa had departed very early on Day Three, adding just a mere four to his overnight 77, when Karnataka looked vulnerable again.But in Stuart Binny and Manish Pandey, the hosts first found the men to take charge. Then came CM Gautam, skipper Vinay Kumar and Abhimanyu Mithun to rub it in, forcing Delhi to all but throw in the towel.Handicapped as it is by Ashish Nehra bowling a mere three overs on the day - he was off the field with an alleged strain for a long time and when he finally came back on it was only to loiter around --- Delhi had no answer as Binny (85, 161m, 100b, 9x4, 4x6) and Pandey (61, 155m, 106b, 7x4, 1x6) made mincemeat of their attack.The combination of typically exquisite strokeplay from Binny, who took special liking to India U-19 left-arm spinner Vikas Mishra, hammering all four sixes off him, and the unorthodox but highly effective methods of Pandey brooked no answer from the Delhi bowlers.Once the fifth wicket duo was done with the 196-ball 145-run stand, one that put Karnataka ahead by 246 and provided the safety net, Gautam (71, 115m, 94b, 9x4), Vinay (30, 57m, 37b, 4x4) and last man out Mithun (52, 47m, 50b, 4x4, 2x6) took over.No bowler was spared, not even Parvinder Awana, who after a five-over spell that fetched two wickets in the morning, was used sparingly, possibly in an effort to keep him fresh for the Nagpur Test. The second new ball, taken after 81 overs, was greeted with glee as Karnataka grew from strength to strength.It finally boiled down to the timing of the declaration as Karnataka simply could not afford to play it too safe, languishing as they are at the bottom of the points table in Group B.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17563508", "title": "Police excess cases soar", "text": "PATNA: The figures of human rights' violation cases in the state during the last four years under different categories are startling and also an eye-opener for human rights activists on this International Day of Human Rights. The number of cases of police excesses lodged with the Bihar Human Rights Commission (BHRC) are alarming.Established in 2008, the BHRC had registered only 26 cases of police excesses that year, while in 2009 the number was as high as 552.In 2010, the figure decreased to 297. However, in 2011, there was a quantum leap and the number stood at 3,827. In 2012, till May, the BHRC lodged 2,247 cases of police excesses, according to Ram Narayan Singh, SP, BHRC. These include cases of third degree torture in police lock-ups, custodial deaths, custodial rape etc. During the current year, BHRC has succeeded in clearing 374 of these cases.Under the ambit of human rights violation across the state, the cases of violation of rights of women, rights' violation of people of SC/ST category, pension-related denial, land-related denial, ration-related excesses, forgery and even service-related cases are registered with BHRC.BHRC member, ex-Justice Rajendra Prasad said, \"During the last four years, the total number of cases registered with the state body stood at 14,167, of which 6,513 have been disposed off.\"\"No cases were registered in the BPL and ration-related denial/excesses subcategories with the BHRC in 2008, 26 cases in 2009, 33 cases in 2010 and 45 cases in 2011,\" BHRC sources said. This is a major concern for authorities out to streamline the cumbersome delivery mechanism system for the BPL people. However, the heartening aspect is that the BHRC is registering such cases, hitherto unrecognized as human rights violations.\"We discuss human rights violations on December 10 every year, but little is discussed about fraud in the BPL list, service-related cases, development-related cases, pension and ration-related cases as cases under human rights violations. Yet, the figures of such excesses and denial are also staggering,\" said a social activist, Animesh Prasad.Incidentally, on this day in 1948, the General Assembly of the United Nations adopted and proclaimed the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR). India is a signatory to this declaration.This year, the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights has focused on inclusion in decision-making and the right to participate in public life. For, it is only through participation in public life that one can understand the meaning and real significance of human rights, feels the UN body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17564968", "title": "Software engineer commits suicide", "text": "PUNE: A 27-year-old software engineer from Satara, who was working in a Hadapsar-based firm, allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling fan in his flat at Wanowrie on December 2.The Wanowrie police identified the deceased as Pravin Bhanudas Girhe of Pancharatna Apartments, Bhairobanala, Wanowrie. Pravin's former girl friend, also a software engineer, and her friend have been booked by the police for abetting his suicide.Senior police inspector of the Wanowrie police station Bajirao Mohite said the duo were booked on the basis of the two suicide notes found in Girhe's flat. \"Girhe had mentioned in the notes that his former girl friend and her friend were responsible for his death,\" Mohite added.Girhe had met the woman in the company. \"Both of them were in a relationship for some months. However, the woman had, later, ended the relationship,\" Mohite said. As per the suicide notes, the woman and her friend, who works in the same company, had threatened to kill Girhe and had told him to leave the city. \"Girhe could not take the pressure and ended his life,\" Mohite added.Girhe's brother, Pradip (29), lodged a complaint with the police here after performing his last rites in Satara. A case of accidental death has been registered in this regard and sub-inspector B K Muthe is investigating, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17565598", "title": "SC refers Zakia Jafri's plea to larger bench", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Supreme Court bench on Monday referred to a larger bench the plea of slain Congress leader Ehsan Jafri's widow seeking documents on the probe by the Special Investigation Team (SIT) into the Gulberg Housing Society riot case in Ahmedabad in 2002.A two-judge bench of Justices D K Jain and Madan B Lokur said it cannot go into the issue as the SIT probe and related issues concerning the Godhra and other riot cases of 2002 in Gujarat was dealt by a three-member special bench, which on September 12, 2011 had passed the order relating to supply of documents to Jafri's widow, Zakia Jafri.\"We are of the view that the said order was passed by another bench and so it would be appropriate that the matter be heard by the same bench. Let the matter be placed before that larger bench as expeditiously as possible,\" it said.The bench said that it would not be proper for it to pass the order and propriety also demands that the matter be referred to the larger bench which had passed the order. The SC on September 12, 2011 had directed the SIT to forward its final report regarding the Gulberg Society riots to the local court. The SIT had probed the riot cases including the Ahmedabad Gulberg Society massacre case.An Ahmedabad trial court had on November 27 accepted the SIT closure report filed on March 13, 2012 in the case. Zakia Jafri has filed the SLP challenging the trial court's order rejecting her plea for supply of some documents relating to the investigation in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17563861", "title": "Narendra Modi accused of crony capitalism", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Launching an attack on Narendra Modi , Union information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari alleged that chief minister had not just created a new middle class but had also created \"crony capitalists\".Talking to reporters, Tewari said, \"The BJP in its manifesto talked of the neo middle class. But in reality BJP has created a special class that is a new cult of crony capitalists in the state. The state BJP has given new meaning to crony capitalism by giving benefits of lakhs of crores of rupees to friendly industrialists in the name of industrialization.\"Talking a dig at Modi, he said the chief minister of Gujarat probably didn't know how to read the Prime Minister's speech. \"If he had carefully paid attention to the PM's speech, he would have known that the PM had talked about all the people of Gujarat. In the penultimate para of his speech, he has clearly said that if people of Gujarat will elect a Congress government, we will bring such a positive atmosphere in the state that people of every section of society will grow and live with pride,\" Tiwari added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17566599", "title": "Let down by the keepers", "text": "KOLKATA: The day-after couldn't have been more surreal. Two dozen policemen, in riot gear, stood next to the players' tunnel at Salt Lake stadium, lording over empty stands as Churchill Brothers thrashed Arrows 3-0 on Monday.In the middle-tier of Block C sat three boys and a man \u00e2\u20ac\u201d they were the only ones on the deserted tier that had only 24 hours ago, witnessed ugly scenes of hooliganism. It was from here that someone had hurled a missile at the referee during the East Bengal-Mohun Bagan clash, injuring midfielder Rahim Nabi, and triggering war between 1,250 policemen and 1.18 lakh spectators. Kolkata was shamed.\"You can see the scars of yesterday's violence. The ashes on the steps are East Bengal flags that were set ablaze. And it is from here that chunks of concrete were pried out and chucked into the field,\" Class XII student Rajesh Das said, pointing to the missing plaster and brickwork on the stand. He lives in the stadium and watches all matches without having to buy tickets. \"We sneak in for the love of football. But during all Mohun Bagan-East Bengal ties, a lot of ruffians gatecrash. On Sunday, less than a dozen policemen were posted at the entrance that was packed with over a lakh frenzied supporters. I heard the cops talking that it was their first time at the stadium and they were in awe of the charged atmosphere. When violence erupted, they were clueless,\" he recounted.It was a crucial observation made by a 17-year-old that a veteran cop posted at Monday's match attested to. \"Whenever there is a big match, we bring reinforcements from Nadia and other districts. These policemen have no idea of the stadium or fan frenzy. At Eden, there has been no repeat of the 1999 brickbatting because Kolkata Police turned professional in handling matches thereafter. It laid down standard operating procedures and followed them meticulously. Every spectator is frisked and any object that can be used as a missile is confiscated. But we don't have the logistics to frisk 1 lakh people,\" he said.Moreover, at Eden, there are two reccees before any big match \u00e2\u20ac\u201d first by deputy commissioners and finally by the commissioner himself. \"A mach-eve security assessment is done and the stadium is screened for anything that can be used as a missile,\" a Kolkata Police officer said.At Salt Lake stadium, ad-hocism is the order of the day. Instead of acknowledging the need to review the stadium's security , the police commissioner Rajeev Kumar repeatedly pointed out that only five bottles had been found on the pitch. On Monday, deputy commissioner Subrata Bandyopadhyay reiterated that the police bandobast was fool-proof and insisted that spectators were frisked. \"The missiles that were thrown \u00e2\u20ac\u201d bottles and chunks of concrete \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were already in the stadium. We had deployed 1,250 policemen to control 80,000 spectators but the turnout was 1.18 lakh. However, that does not mean we let people in without checking,\" he said.Bagan supporter and Barrackpore resident Soumitra Bose was among many spectators who rubbished the claim. \"People were frisked till 1.15pm but when policemen realized they could not manage the situation , they asked spectators to hold the tickets aloft and allowed them in without a search. Everyone entered unhindered with bottles, flags and banners,\" he said. Besides, no one was there to direct spectators to the stands, leading to unequal distribution between the three tiers. Some overflowed while others were empty. \"It is the ones that were packed that got charged and erupted after Odafa was red-carded.\"With policemen watching the match, no one monitored the stands. \"At Eden, we have policemen continually scanning the crowd. If there is any trouble, they can quell it before it gains momentum. But there is no such deployment in Salt Lake. The only thing that is done to prevent clashes is to create a poorly managed buffer block between rival fans,\" another officer conceded.Stadium chief executive Jyotishman Chattopadhyay, too, blamed policing failure for Sunday's violence. \"The police commissioner's office is within the stadium complex. If he requires any cooperation, we are willing to provide it. But I don't buy the argument that trouble cannot be curbed because the stadium is too big,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17563577", "title": "Nitish reviews readiness for Bodh Samagam", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar went around the Buddha Smriti Park here on Monday evening and reviewed the preparations for the three-day International Bodh Sangh Samagam to be held from January 5 to 7. The samagam will be attended, among others, by the Dalai Lama .The chief minister directed that all the arrangements should be made on a war footing and all the officers be handed over a checklist of duties.Nitish saw the lawn, the Patliputra Karuna Stupa, the museum and others spots in the park and gave directives to the officials for their beautification. He reviewed preparations for the installation of a huge statue of Buddha and other construction works. He said more plants should be planted all around.The convention will be opened on January 5, and on 6 and 7, academic sessions will be held. It is being organized by Bodh Gaya Temple Management Committee in collaboration with the department of art and culture and department of tourism. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17565319", "title": "They are waking up to the power of ayurveda", "text": "BHOPAL: One was a neuroscientist and the other a successful investment banker in one of the world's leading financial management and advisory companies. Both found a relationship with ayurveda, which they say has changed their lives.Dr Antonio Morandi of Italy was a neuroscientist working in neurodegenerative diseases in the US. After almost some two decades of practicing modern medicine, he changed tracks. \"About 15 years ago, I felt the need for a more inclusive and comprehensive way of looking at the nature of treatment for my patients,\" said Morandi.He explored the field of traditional medicine and found himself involved with ayurveda. He returned to Italy and is the chairman and director of Ayurvedic Point - a school of ayurveda in Milan offering ayurvedic education and OPD facility.Ayurveda practice is still not approved in Italy. However in the United Kingdom , parliamentarians are impressed by Dr Indira Anand, an investment banker with Merrill Lynch-turned-ayurveda practitioner.Chairperson of the British Association of Accredited Ayurvedic Practitioners (BAAAP), Dr Anand is India's answer to the Chinese who are well-known for lobbying the case of their traditional products.\"We have engaged with policy makers in order to promote ayurveda in the west and to overcome regulatory restrictions and cultural prejudices that inhibit its integration within mainstream health care provision in the UK and elsewhere in Europe,\" said Dr Anand.\"Ancient book of medicine written in the west during the middle ages follow the same rules as ayurveda. It means there was a linkage between Mediterranean and eastern traditional cures,\" said Dr Morandi. \"In a way, if a western doctor gets in touch with ayurveda he gets in touch with his own roots,\" he added.He accepts that decoding the deep knowledge of ayurveda is essential. \"In India you have the code, but you are losing the knowledge. In some ways being trapped by the illusion of modern medicine,\" he added. The Italian maintained that modern medicine was not wrong, he said. Dr Morandi is critical of ayurveda being projected for tourism. \"Huge amount of resource which take planeful of tourists, they put some oil on them and send them back. They say I have done panchkarma. This is shame and has destroyed the name of ayurveda,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568762", "title": "I got the creative bug from my maternal side: Shama Sikander", "text": "Actor Shama Sikander whom we are currently seeing as the 'Bhayankar Pari' in Baal Veer is a talented fashion designer. And the actress, who was on a break has created the label Saisha two years back.\"I have been completely attached with the label. Last year we were a part of the prestigious Lakme Fashion Week talent box which was a landmark for me and my label. This year also my fashion label has travelled to South Africa and we got a very good response because there is a huge market for the Indian designers in foreign countries. And it was good for my label as I wanted to capitalise on that.\"Shama feels that her artistic genes have come from her mother and her late uncle. \"My mother has been a huge inspiration. In my childhood most of the dresses which I wore were designed by my mom and also she used to do a lot of artistic stuff like table cloth, covers, etc. My uncle also had been a great master and was renowned - so these two persons were enough to inspire me in this field.\"Sikander feels her doing something new in this line was always there in her mind but because she is the eldest in the family she wanted to establish her career first and then try for this. \"After acting, there came a time when I realised I am bored doing the same things again and again and that was the time I came up with the label. I am settled with the brand now and I have a full team who will be taking care of this along with me. And when I got Baal Veer I thought this is a good time to do television again and isn't life all about multi-tasking and balancing,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17565448", "title": "Non-VIPs get royal ignore", "text": "LUDHIANA: In preparation for the closing ceremony of the third Kabaddi World Cup, the Guru Nanak stadium has undergone a revamp. But, this revamp has been limited only to the main blocks that will seat the VIPs, while the others where non-VIP spectators will be seated have been neglected.Amandeep Singh, sub divisional officer of Punjab Mandi Board, which has been entrusted the renovation work, said, \"We are supposed to construct the roof on the two blocks adjacent to the main block and the bathrooms in three blocks. The work will be completed in a couple of days, except a roof over F block, which will be completed after the event.\"Deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal called a meeting at the stadium on Monday to check the facilities and the progress of the work. He checked the triple VIP seating area where the chief guest will be seated and the toilets in the main block, which will be used by the triple and the double VIPs.The completion of the toilets in the main block had been a concern for deputy commissioner Rahul Tewari, who had called a meeting of all departments on December 6 to discuss the arrangements for the closing ceremony of the Kabaddi World Cup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17565286", "title": "TN\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s domestic solar rooftop initiatives a damp squib", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government's initiative to get residents to 'solarise' their residential spaces seems to have fallen flat. A month after the state announced a solar policy which promised residents generation-based incentives for putting up rooftop solar systems, companies say enquiries from households has been negligible.While there would be early movers who would like to adopt new technology, the incentives are not enough to make this a mass movement, experts say.\"The policy has certainly generated larger volume of enquiries but people are disappointed that there is no subsidy or financial schemes,\" said the managing director of Solkar Solar Industries, K E Raghunathan.\"We feel that incentives are not attractive enough to pull the common man to this. The incentives need to be given for a longer period to help people recover costs,\" said Pashupathy Gopalan, head of solar power company SunEdison India.The government currently promises incentives of Rs 2 per kilowatt hour in the first two years, Re 1 in the next two and 50 paise in the following two years, bringing in about Rs 10,500 over six years. It costs roughly Rs 1.5 lakh to put up a 1 KW system which would generate about 5 units of electricity a day, enough to power lighting, fans and a fridge in a typical two-bedroom house.And even with the current incentives, there is no clarity yet on how the funds will be disbursed. \"There is not much clarity on how the net metering system (which quantifies how much power is put into the grid by the rooftop system) will work, and guidelines for this are still in the works,\" said the director of S J Renewables, R S Ravi.Financing too is a hindrance. \"It would be very good if getting loans for the solar systems is made as easy as getting loans for other consumer durables,\" an industry expert and the founder of Panchabuta a renewable energy focused newsletter, Vineeth Vijayaraghavan said.While households are eligible for a subsidy granted by the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy, it is not very easy to get, SunEdison's Gopalan pointed out.Industry experts also believe that the government could play a larger role in setting right issues of funding. \"The government can, for instance, set up a non-banking financial company (NBFC) or tie-up with other private NBFCs to disburse funds solely for this purpose and recover the loans through monthly electricity bills,\" Vijayaraghavan pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17566286", "title": "Kerala mulls chartered flight for UAE returnees", "text": "KOCHI: The state government is likely to introduce chartered flights to bring in Keralites who want to return from the UAE taking advantage of the amnesty declared there.Immigrants from other countries who are staying in the UAE without proper documents can return if they are not involved in any criminal case, as per the two-month amnesty that began on December 4.\"We are considering chartering flights as a last option to bring in those Keralites who are staying in the UAE illegally if they are absolutely unable to pay their travel bills. A flight chartering company based out of the Fujairah airport in the UAE has agreed to operate flights to bring in Indians during the period. The company had operated chartered flights to India during an earlier Haj season,'' a top official of the non-resident Keralite affairs (NoRKA) department told TOI here.The chartering company representatives had reportedly made this assurance during their talks with NoRKA officials who had visited the UAE last week to make arrangements for the return of Keralites under the scheme.\"At the current ticket prices, it will be possible to operate a chartered flight with a seating capacity of 120 at a cost of Rs 10 lakh. Each passenger fare would be around Dh600 (around Rs 7,800),\" a state government official said.The state government has also decided to bear the fee that the returning migrants have to remit to get out-passes, which will come to around Dh69. Help desks will be set up in the three airports in the state for providing assistance to the returning migrants, he said.M K Lokesh, the Indian Ambassador to the UAE, said the embassy had also written to the Indian government to waive that fee. \"About 300 Indians had approached the embassy till Monday for returning to the homeland using the amnesty provisions. Over 35,000 Indians had returned when amnesty was declared earlier in the UAE in 2007But we have no idea how many would return this time, though the general impression is that the number would be less,'' he told TOI here over phone.Lokesh said no other state governments had approached the embassy so far for making arrangements for the return of migrants.The NoRKA officials said preliminary estimates indicated that around 5,000 Keralites staying in the UAE without proper documents were likely to return during the amnesty period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17566043", "title": "KSCA academy opens in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: The long wait of local cricketing talent such as Sahas Rai for international quality turf wickets to hone his skills is finally over.The RC-KSCA Cricket Academy which started functioning at the Sahyadri College of Engineering and Management campus at Adyar here on Monday is the fourth such facility after the ones in Bangalore, Mysore and Hassan.Currently, 48 cricketers in the Under-16 and Under-19 categories are being trained here by coaches led by head coach PV Shashikanth on all aspects of the game, including bowling, batting and fielding. \"The lush green outfield, which is on a par with those across the world, is something that mofussil cricketers across the state didn't have access to so far,\" said Anil Kumble, honorary president, KSCA.Former Indian speedster Javagal Srinath, honorary secretary, KSCA said the talent pool at the academy is drawn from cricketers who attended the summer camp at 31 places across Karnataka. \"The cricketers are from camps in Mangalore zone of KSCA,\" Srinath said, adding that KSCA will hold these camps in 40 places in Karnataka next summer.With the academy at Shimoga likely to be ready in the next 15 days, KSCA will ensure that similar academies at Chikmagalur, Raichur and Belgaum are up and running by next March-end, Srinath said. \"The academy will run from 3.30pm to 6.30pm for four days and on weekends, the cricketers will focus on academics as education is the first priority. Games have also been planned over the weekend,\" he said.\"All branches of the academy will ensure in maintaining the player's originality, uniformity in coaching and all-round growth,\" Anil said, adding that the KSCA wants to develop infrastructure in association with interested partners. The KSCA will develop a stadium of international standard in Dakshina Kannada if land is made available, Anil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17563498", "title": "Pressure on students pushes them to suicide, says Randeep Hooda", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Bollywood actor Randeep Hooda believes competitive atmosphere and peer pressure are the primary reasons behind abnormal rise in suicide cases in the Steel city. Jamshedpur is a relatively small town but in terms of career-wise competition, the town is no less than the big cities, he said.Hooda, who himself performed poorly in his 12th board examination in his school days, said too much pressure should not be built on the students to make him perform exceptionally well.\"We want our children to pursue career of our choice without knowing their (boy/girl) subject of interest which is not correct,\" Hooda said adding that his father and sister were doctors but he pursued management studies before joining the film industry.Talking to reporters on the sidelines of his visit to the city to take part in a suicide prevention awareness programme organized by Loyola School on Sunday evening, the actor urged the parents to help assist their wards to find better exposure.Hooda expressed concern over constant rise in suicide cases, particularly those related to the youngsters, here and said killing oneself was not an answer to the problem. In 2012, more than 150 people, of them over 20% are youngsters, have ended their lives in the Steel City.Fresh from his latest hit \"Jism 2\", Hooda said discipline and hard work are the two things that are prerequisites for achieving success in the film industry and elsewhere. \"Yes, luck and looks also matter in the film industry,\" said Mira Nair's finding who made his debut in the Mumbai film industry with \"Monsoon Wedding in 2001\".Hooda, who had to wait for over four years to find a second film following his debut, said one needed to be patient in life for an organized growth. Talking about his future projects, Hooda said his coming film \"Murder 3\", to be produced by Vishesh Films, will be worth watching. \"Vishesh Films (film producing company of Mahesh and Mukesh Bhatt) has always delivered good films and Murder 3 will also be worth watching,\" said Hooda who is playing the lead role along with Emram Hashmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17564543", "title": "Undergraduate textbook revision to give students a shot in the arm", "text": "HYDERABAD: Changing with time, the state government is planning a massive revamp of textbooks at the undergraduate level, with changes being done in 16 subjects in science, arts and commerce streams so that students who take vanilla degrees get an edge over the others in competitive exams.The syllabus revision in most subjects is taking place after a gap of 10 to 15 years and at a time when most education boards in other states have updated their syllabi. The revision has come after the higher education department held year-long meetings with academicians and industry representatives to figure out the changes required in the curriculum.Universities including Osmania and Andhra University in Vizag have agreed to implement the new syllabus while 21 other universities will consider the same for academic year 2014-15.The meetings were held after governor E S L Narasimhan ordered a revamp of the educational system in the state in August 2011.Among the subjects that will undergo revision are economics, history, commerce, zoology, botany, physics, chemistry, bachelor of business administration, mathematics, Telugu, English, civics and journalism &amp; mass communication, officials said.The higher education department has been contemplating revision of syllabus since the last three years after complaints about outdated syllabus started pouring in from the state's teaching community.\"In the interactions with students and teachers across the state, the department found dissatisfaction with the existing syllabi. Employability was their concern and hence we roped in people from the industry to look at the syllabus. The new syllabus will have a fresh feel which is meant to make studying interesting,\" said a senior official from the department.The new syllabus was developed after consulting universities of states including Kerala, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra.The new syllabus will also make soft skill training and spoken English compulsory at undergraduate level.\"The corporate sector requires students who are not just good at studies, but those who are good at expressing themselves. Osmania University had introduced soft skill training in colleges and now other universities will follow suit,\" said S Satyanarayana, vice-chancellor, OU, who is part of the syllabus revision committee.Teachers welcomed the change in syllabus. \"In a classroom to sustain the attention of students we need to provide challenging reading material. Currently, different universities prescribe different texts to provide students a holistic learning experience,\" said Purushotam Rao, faculty member, commerce department, OU.\"But with the revision of syllabus, students across the state are guaranteed richer classroom learning,\" he said.When asked about syllabus change, city students said they welcome the same.\"During the recruitment drive each year, industry heads state that there is a huge gap between theory and practice. It is reassuring to know that the new syllabus plans to bridge this gap,\" said Sunil Reddy, a student of St Mary's College Yousufguda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17564129", "title": "Speakers share views on human rights", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The International Human Rights Day was celebrated at the ongoing camp of the National Service Scheme NSS at Rajarshi tendon Girls Degree College on Monday. The day was celebrated under the aegis of the college's Women's Cell.Ranjana Tripathi, member, Women's Cell of the college spoke on human rights, its historical perspective and role in international and national politics. Introducing human rights, she said, \"The awareness of individual rights today be it RTI or Women's Rights, the genesis lies in human rights.\"Guest speaker and lawyer Om Prakash Dwivedi spoke on human rights and law today. He threw light on the difficulties faced in court in maintaining human rights. Neelima Singh, member, Women's Cell spoke on human rights of women. She said the rights for women have strengthened them but these rights should not be misused. Women are strong to fight out without misusing their rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17563951", "title": "Man beaten to death by four-member gang, one arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Monday arrested a man for allegedly beating to death a 21-year-old resident of Ambedkar Street in a drunken brawl at Kotturpuram on Sunday night.Police said Paulraj, 21, stayed with his mother Esther. Since Christmas was approaching, Paulraj took up odd jobs to earn more money.On Sunday night, a gang of four, Murali, Vivek, Dinesh and Anand, picked up a fight with Babu, a friend of Paulraj. When Babu informed Paulraj about the fight, Paulraj approached the gang members. A heated argument ensued and the gang members, who were drunk, attacked Paulraj with a cricket stump. He was bleeding profusely when he was rushed to Royapettah Government Hospital where he died without responding to treatment.The Kotturpuram police registered a case of murder and arrested one of the gang members, Murali, 22, of Kotturpuram. Police are now looking for the other gang members.\"Teams are tracking down the other gang members and are likely to arrest them soon,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17564221", "title": "Mystery men raid Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation truck yards, torch vehicles", "text": "HYDERABAD: Five garbage vehicles were torched by two-wheeler-borne miscreants at Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) truck yards in the past one week. Officials are puzzled over the mysterious fires as one vehicle was completely gutted at the Khairatabad truck yard on Saturday last.GHMC officials said three to four persons, riding two-wheelers and hiding their identity behind black helmets, have been targeting vehicles at truck yards by spraying petrol and setting the vehicles ablaze. They are reportedly choosing afternoon hours, between 3pm and 4pm, when yard workers go for lunch. The truck yards generally bustle with activity during night as vehicles go out for garbage collection.Officials said four tippers with registration numbers AP11U 5172, AP11U 8366, AP11U 163 and AP11U 3685 were partially damaged in the recent incidents as workers doused the fire after noticing smoke. Another vehicle (dumper truck) with registration number AP 11 X 5416 was completely damaged in the fire on December 8.GHMC officials suspect the incidents could be the handiwork of some trade unions as they have been fighting for supremacy at the transport wing in Khairatabad. A week ago, drivers of a former recognised union and the current recognised union had clashed and even lodged complaints against each other. The tiff was a result of one-upmanship at the yard between the two unions. The workers of the former recognised union have considerable strength at the transport wing, especially Khairatabad division, which is the biggest with 217 garbage transport vehicles covering from Golconda to Patancheru areas.\"Generally, drivers take same vehicle everyday for collection and transportation of garbage. If the vehicle is burnt and not available, the driver of that vehicle would become 'jobless' as an alternate vehicle would not be provided. However, this one-upmanship between the unions is proving to be a huge loss to the corporation,\" an official of the transport wing said.The Saifabad police said they have received a complaint from assistant engineer A Sriramulu on the recent incidents and began investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17565833", "title": "Rape accused in custody", "text": "MUMBAI: The Powai police, probing the alleged rape of the 62-year-old woman, have learnt that the man accused in the case frequently visited her home. The watchman of the building, where the victim stays, said he had seen the suspect frequently visit the victim's flat. He was also seen on the day the incident occurred.On Monday, the accused was produced before the Andheri court and remanded in custody till December 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17564012", "title": "Rote learning an evil in education system, national survey reveals", "text": "CHENNAI: Over the last couple of years, studies reviewing the performance of students in professional courses show that they don't meet the benchmark. Nearly 75% of second year engineering students in colleges in and around Chennai failed in at least one subject in the third semester. Months after acing their Class 12 exams, nearly 40% of first year medical students in 27 colleges across the state failed, a review in 2011 revealed. Among dental students too the pass rate of final year students in the state was around 40%.Now, a perception survey shows that more than 80% of school principals across the country blame rote learning for the poor standards of learning in students passing out of schools. Nearly 70% of the principals surveyed feel that today's curriculum did not give sufficient scope for creative thinking.Experts believe that the educational system followed in most schools today is the 'factory model' designed between the 18th and 19th century to suit the needs of the Industrial Revolution. Since then, there have been dramatic changes in the learning environment and lifestyle. Researchers across the globe have reached the consensus that the key to addressing these challenges is to bring a transformation in student thinking, classroom dynamics, learning ambience, technology integration and teacher empowerment.Education service provider EzVidya interviewed the heads of 2,512 schools across the country to assess whether Indian schools were prepared to meet challenges faced in the 21st century classroom. Principals were asked their opinion on curriculum, teaching practices and technology.The survey revealed that 78% of school principals felt that student participation in class enhances performance. At the same time, a majority of them admitted that it was difficult to get the attention of all the students in the class. Students having 'low attention span' was the most common challenge, as highlighted by 82% of schools. \"Teachers need to understand that children today need a variety of techniques to hold their attention,\" said EzVidya CEO Chitra Ravi.She said that the attention span of children is high when they are playing a video game, but teachers notice that many times they are unable to hold the attention of the children for more than 15 minutes in class. \"This is because when they are engrossed in a video game or on the internet they are participating and getting instant feedback. In class, however, there is no constant stimulation to evoke responses,\" Ravi said.As teachers are unable to conceive a variety of techniques to keep all engrossed, they assume that only a few children in a class are \"bright\". Nearly 85% of teachers felt that more than 90% of the class comprised either average students or slow learners.When it comes to adopting technological aids for teaching, 71% of principals surveyed felt that the aids did not greatly enhance learning outcomes, that they were not integrated with curriculum, and that they were difficult to use. Nearly 85% of schools agreed that their teachers did not use classroom walls to aid teaching.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17566567", "title": "Closure reports indicate corruption, inefficiency", "text": "The phenomenon of so many cases being closed indicates several ills, the most important being the trend of tardy investigation or, worse, deliberate misapplication of the mind and the law by cops. A case being closed does not compensate a person who may have been traumatised by the initial action. The state home department must get to the bottom of every closed case and then determine whether there has been deliberate harassment of a citizen before suitably compensating the victim.Related Story : Filing false cases a habit with citizens too", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17566142", "title": "Gadchiroli tribal inmates go on hunger strike in jail", "text": "NAGPUR: Around 50 tribal inmates of Gadchiroli district lodged in Nagpur central jail have launched a chain hunger strike on Monday to protest violations of their rights by labelling themselves as political prisoners. The strike kicked off on the occasion of International Human Rights Day would continue till December 21.The protesting under-trials, through their counsel, have claimed that the judiciary could not bring them justice against the highhandedness of the district police. There are strong allegations that many local tribals have been slapped with fake cases by projecting them as either Naxals or supporters.In a letter sent to TOI, the tribal inmates have highlighted that home minister RR Patil, who is also guardian minister of Gadchiroli, has failed to honour his promise, which he had given 21 months back, on reviewing cases against the local residents of the Naxal-affected district.The inmates have also pointed out that despite petitions and protests, Gadchiroli district police continue to rearrest tribals after their release at the prison gate itself.The inmates have also lamented the Gadchiroli administration's inability to set up a district prison. It is learnt, the tribal prisoners are lodged in different districts, making it impossible for them to remain present for hearing in the district court. This has also severed ties with their families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17565493", "title": "Stadium renovated only for VIPs", "text": "LUDHIANA: In preparation for the closing ceremony of the third Kabaddi World Cup, the Guru Nanak Stadium has undergone a revamp. But, this revamp has been limited only to the main blocks that will seat the VIPs, while the other blocks where non-VIP spectators will be seated have been neglected.Along with installing a new roof over block-B, new toilets have been constructed in the three main blocks - A, B and F - that will seat all the VIPs. But the three other blocks - C, D and E, which will seat the non-VIP spectators - have been left untouched. While these blocks already have toilets, most of these are out of use and in a shambles, as some don't even have doors. The authorities are not even aware of the water logging caused by the leakage behind block D.\"When the entire stadium will be used during the ceremony, then why renovate only the blocks where VIPs will be seated? Instead of fixing the toilets in other blocks, the organizers will keep temporary urinals outside the stadium,\" said a source from the sports department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568077", "title": "'Elay keechan' top itunes chart", "text": "Even while the audio launch of much talked about Mani Ratnam's 'Kadal' composed by Oscar-Grammy award winner is eagerly awaited which Sony Music Entertainment will release, two song 'Nenjukkulle' and 'Elay keechan' have already been made available online .' Elay keechan ' was released yesterday (10th Dec) and it has topped the itunes chart already. The 6 minute 10 seconds song has been penned by Madhan Karky and is priced at Rs 12 on itunes. The song is already hit and has been liked by almost all who have listened to it. Both the music composer and the lyricist are being praised from all quarters.The audio of the film will be launched on December 17. Vairamuthu and his son Madhan Karky have penned the lyrics for A R Rahman's tunes.Kadal, directed by ace director Mani Ratnam, stars Gautham Karthik and yesteryear actress Radha's younger daughter Thulasi in the lead roles. The movie also stars Arjun, Lakshmi Manchu, Pasupathy and Thambi Ramaiah in prominent roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "17565845", "title": "Court raps police for troubling man", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: Kurukshetra additional sessions judge M M Dhonchak rapped police for troubling a local without registering FIR in a property dispute. The observations of the court came while deciding anticipatory bail application of Gurjit Singh , who had moved the court apprehending his arrest.Singh is facing allegations of attempting to swindle Rs 8 lakh taken as earnest money in a property deal.The court also directed the police to serve a seven-day notice on the petitioner, Gurjit Singh, before arresting him. The police admitted in the court that no FIR has been registered against Singh as yet.The judge observed, \"This court fails to understand as to what powers the police enjoy in troubling the petitioner without registration of FIR. This obnoxious practice is needs to be curbed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17566016", "title": "Name Kate's baby after Jacintha: FB page", "text": "MANGALORE: Even as debate rages on in the UK and back home in India about the circumstances in which Jacintha Saldanha, a nurse at London's King Edward VII Hospital died, a campaign is under way on social networking site Facebook to name Prince William and the Duchess off Cambridge Catherine's yet-to-be born baby as Jacintha.The Facebook page was set up on December 8 even as the world awoke to the news of biggest 'Royal Hoax' having gone awry and ending in Jacintha's death. Creators of the page have requested netizens to \"Please like this page and spread awareness\".The page has already received 135 likes and is evoking some strong reactions from various quarters with some supporting it, and others dismissing it as a downright silly idea.David Mrtippet Bryden says, \"I think they should name it Diana Jacintha, after both the women they murdered.\"Jamie Reid raises the gender issue when he points out, \"I think if it's a boy this would be quite a stupid name. A regular name like Greg or John would be better.\"And the suggestions come in thick and fast when Brian Pettigrew says, \"What about Bert? Or Arthur? Or Alf? There's not enough of them anymore.\"Supportive of this idea (of the page) and to name the royal baby after Jacintha is Philip Michael Jon Campion who says, \"I think this page is a nice idea and I think it should be taken into consideration, though I wouldn't put pressure on the royals to do so. Sorry to hear about this rather shocking death.\"James Glass' take on the issue is that, \"It's a lovely thought but I don't think it would be fair to the baby to be linked through name to this tragedy.\"\"What Rubbish??? Naming the Royal Baby with a silly NURSE's name, who committed suicide for her own sins....! Wait for the truth to come out.... :) :) :),\" says Aisha Taylor.The netizens incidentally do not stop with the issue and go on to debate various related incidents on this page. They also vent their ire on possible pressure on Jacintha for having transferred the call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17565253", "title": "In absence of proper facilities, rag-pickers bear brunt of filth", "text": "RAIPUR: It is a routine for Latarani to clean the waste dumped by citizens even before she cleans her own house. Even as the state government and Raipur Municipal Corporation (RMC) have launched numerous development schemes for the citizens, there's still one section of people left behind, in the midst of this garbage.The illiterate and unskilled people who prefer picking waste rather than beg on the streets- the rag-pickers in city are deprived of the attention from the authorities. While there are thousands of rag-pickers across the capital including children, women and men, RMC has identified only 667 of them who are above 18 years of age.When TOI visited the dwellings of these junk-men, it found that there were many children who were school drop-outs and forced into scavenging by the families or contractors. Few of them finish their jobs before they leave for school and after returning home. \"My mother wakes me up at 4.30 am to pick waste from the dumped garbage. I go to the school at 8am and again from 1pm I move on the streets along with my friends and brothers,\" an eight-year-old kid said.While the children collect rags from the dumped garbage and drains, they are subjected to chemical poisons and infections. \"My son jumps into the drain and heaps of garbage. He comes home injured often and falls ill as well. Is it because of the insect bites from the soiled bottles and plastics he picks from the litter?\" a poor mother sought clarification when asked about her child's choresa.Many children get in to this job at a very young age of five or eight years. Their families need that extra income for which they send their kids on the street to run their homes. In most cases, there are middlemen who engage these children. They are required to collect, bottles, plastic, metal parts, glass pieces and alike. The middlemen pocket the major share of the sales and pay only a paltry sum to the children.Hanging a grimy plastic bag with filth shoved in, Parvati, a 22-year-old rag-picker said, \"During the Nagar Suraj Abhiyan, few of us were given hand gloves, sarees and parichay patra. Is that enough? Right before the dawn, we are on the job, carrying filth over the shoulders all through the day and what we get in return is peanuts.\"There were many homeless rag-pickers who spend their nights on their smelly three-wheeler that they use to collect the debris from many places. Talking to TOI, RMC officials and zonal heads said that the rag-pickers who have been identified would be provided with hand gloves and sarees and may be boots from time to time. \"They would be assigned to pick garbage only from their respective zones which would reduce the workload,\" an RMC official said.Also called the scavengers, this socially rejected community has to bear the abuses from the households. \"We are often tagged as thieves when people see us picking their homes in the wee hours,\" a woman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17563538", "title": "Govt reforms caught in SP-BSP quota crossfire", "text": "NEW DELHI: A deadlock over a bill providing reservation in promotion to dalits and tribals in government jobs poses a fresh challenge for the government with Samajwadi Party's bitter opposition leading to disruptions in Parliament that could derail UPA's financial agenda.SP gave unambiguous notice of its intent as the party's nine MPs not only forced Rajya Sabha to adjourn for the day on Monday but also vowed to disrupt the House for the remainder of the session if the legislation is not withdrawn - a move that can impact the government's legislative time table.If the standoff is not resolved soon, the government's hope that wining the vote in Parliament on FDI in multi-brand retail set the stage for the passage of important legislation on banking, pension and insurance reform may prove to be misplaced. As it is, the government is yet to get a firm commitment from main opposition BJP on the bills.The government finds itself in an unenviable situation as commitment to the bill was a reason for Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati's dramatic decision to vote in support of FDI in retail in Rajya Sabha last week after BSP limited itself to a walkout in Lok Sabha.SP leader Ramgopal Yadav made no bones about the party's plans saying, \"We will disrupt the House and not allow it to function if the bill is passed... We will continue to oppose the bill and we are ready for suspension.\"Mayawati was quick to respond to SP's aggression saying she will wait a few days to see if the government moves ahead with the bill, threatening to take a \"tough stand\" if it appears that the amendment bill will not be passed in the winter session.Till late Monday evening, the government had not made much headway with SP leaders although Congress leaders sought to explain that concern over \"efficiency\" in administration being diluted due to the proposed quotas had been addressed in the bill.Explanations that the bill ensures promotions can be availed of only if annual confidential reports of employees are up to the mark failed to cut ice with SP. With an eye on its backward caste vote that SP feels is resentful of the quota move, the party is not backing off.Government sources admitted that UP politics fuelling the SP-BSP feud made the quota puzzle hard to resolve. As both parties are key to UPA's well being after Trinamool Congress's exit, various solutions were tossed up, including the possibility of SP MPs being named by the Rajya Sabha chairperson, a process that could lead to their leaving the House.However, Ramgopal Yadav's comments and the MPs storming the well are strongly reminiscent of the opposition of Mandal parties to the women's quota law.Making her expectations clear, BSP chief Mayawati said, \"We will see for two-three days more. We will see government's stand on the issue. What they do and what the chairman of Rajya Sabha says. Then, we will decide and a take a tough stand. The SC/ST bill is a very serious issue for us.\"The BJP indicated it is likely to support the bill with some amendments, saying it favours all measures for social justice provided they are within constitutional parameters.\"There seem to be a lot of hurdles in the passage of the reservation in promotion for SC/ST bill. BJP is in favour of social justice for SC/ST but within constitutional parameters,\" BJP deputy leader in Rajya Sabha Ravi Shankar Prasad said. The party also referred to the Supreme Court ruling on the issue.BJP finds it politically inconvenient to support the bill although its instincts are not in sync with the proposal. It would be glad to leave it to the government to grapple with the SP demand.As the bill is a constitutional amendment, there cannot be any disorder at the time of its passage.On the bill being moved by minister of state in PMO V Narayanasamy, Ramgopal Yadav said, \"The whole House was in turnmoil... it is not according to the norms. It is unconstitutional. It will lead to hatred between communities and will create division in society.\"Congress spokesman P C Chacko said while the bill was the commitment of the Congress party, \"ultimately, it is the collective wisdom of Parliament\" that will decide on the issue.Narayanasamy said, \"The government is committed to SC/ST bill and will get it passed in this session itself and is holding consultations in this regard. The PM has also held two all-party meetings on this issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568797", "title": "Would love to play Komolika, says Shikha Singh", "text": "Actress Shikha Singh, who played dacoit Amba in \" Na Aana Iss Des Laado\", says she loves to essay a tough girl on screen, but if given a chance, she would love to play a mean and negative character like Komolika Basu.Shikha has never tried her hand at sari-clad roles with heavy make-up, but she says she won't mind playing a character like the vamp from daily soap \" Kasautii Zindagi Kay\".\"In saas-bahu shows, there are some characters you really want to be a part of. Think of Komolika! She became a household name. I would love to play that role, if offered in today's time. As an actor, you see completely different side,\" Shikha told IANS.\"Till date, I have never done something like that and I have always been very choosy. But as they say, never say never. That is what I have always believed,\" she added.The actress, who has also played roles like cadet Akruti Bhatt in show \"Left Right Left\", and is currently seen as Shahana in \"2612\", wants the audience to remember her work.\"I want people to remember. It's been over two years that my role in the show ('Na Aana Iss Des Laado') got over, but till date, people remember me for it and it is a huge compliment for me. That is what matters. What more do I want,\" she said.Often seen as a strong character in TV shows, Shikha maintains that she deliberately chooses roles which are \"very powerful\".\"I do not regret that at all because I am like that in real life too, so I can relate to that more easily. Now when I perform and viewers see, I get compliments like 'We wish we were in your place and could do what you did'. I think that the most satisfying thing for me,\" she said.\"2612\" revolves around Shahana, who plans a revenge from India after her husband is shot by an inspector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564338", "title": "BSF cracks down on labour agents to curb infiltration of Bangladeshis", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the government officially denies continuing influx of illegal Bangladeshi migrants, it has asked its forces to do everything possible to not only stop fresh immigrants from coming in but also pushing out those who have recently entered the country illegally. To push the agenda, the Border Security Force (BSF) has started cracking down on labour agents who place Bangladeshi migrants to various industries in West Bengal and north-east.Through these agents, BSF has started identifying the migrants who have come in the past few months and pushed them out. In the past couple of months alone, close to 200 migrants have been pushed out, some traced to as far as Kerala.The force has also put a curb on exchange of casual labour across the border.According to sources, one of the main reasons for continuing influx from Bangladesh is the high demand for labour in the north-east. These labourers generally come for work in brick kilns, construction sites or other jobs such as carpentry. All of them are sourced by labour agents, who facilitate their crossing of border in cahoots with local officials.While most return after about a fortnight of work, several of them go missing.To plug this, BSF has started cracking down on these agents not only to stop ongoing illegal immigration of labour but also trace those that have not returned after arriving.A senior BSF official said, \"The government is serious about the problem given the recent conflict in Assam. Labour market is the biggest route to illegal migration but it is difficult to catch individuals crossing borders. So we have started cracking down on the agents who are mainly responsible for bringing them in.\"We have not only put a curb on this labour exchange but through them have even traced close to 200 Bangladeshi migrants, some of who had fanned out across the country as far as Kerala. We have handed them to concerned authorities to be pushed back into Bangladesh.\"In addition to this, BSF has identified 32 out of 866 border outpost areas on the eastern border through which maximum illegal migration takes place. \"We have redeployed our existing forces in a manner that there is greater strength and vigil on these outposts,\" said another official. Most of these areas fall in Petrapole and Malda of West Bengal and Dhubri district in lower Assam.To improve its vigilance capabilities, BSF is also adding 509 composite border outposts across the eastern and western border. These outposts will have all facilities including proper accommodation and kitchen so that jawans on duty can focus more on vigilance rather than being preoccupied with their daily chores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17281263", "title": "Exact cause of depression revealed", "text": "A team of scientists has provided insight into the causes of severe brain disorders such as depression .In organisms as complex as humans, the neural mechanisms that help answer the question, \"Is it worth my effort?\" can fail,leading to debilitating mental illnesses.Major depressive disorder, for instance, which affects nearly 20 per cent of people at some point in life, is correlated with underperformance in the parts of the brain involved in motivation.But Karl Deisseroth, MD, PhD, a professor of bioengineering and of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at Stanford University , and postdoctoral scholar Melissa Warden, PhD, have struggled to work out the exact cause and effect.Clinicians refer to this slowing down of motivation in depressed patients as \"psychomotor retardation.\"According to Deisseroth, who is also a practicing psychiatrist, patients may experience this symptom mentally, finding it hard to envision the positive results of an action, or, he said, they may feel physically heavy, like their limbs just do not want to move.Psychiatrists, Deisseroth included, believe the will to act may be born in the prefrontal cortex \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the foremost part of the brain that helps plan and coordinate action. It then zips through the brain as a series of electrical signals, passing from neuron to neuron along countless branching pathways until it reaches the nerves that directly implement movement.Until this study, however, it was not clear which of these pathways might control the willingness to meet challenges, or the anticipation that action might be worthwhile in a difficult situation.To isolate these pathways relevant to depression , Deisseroth's team needed to stimulate specific brain cells in rodents and observe changes in their behavior. They used optogenetics, a technique Deisseroth developed at Stanford in 2005, which has since revolutionized the fields of bioengineering and neuroscience.The secret is as old as green algae. These single-celled organisms produce a protein called channelrhodopsin that makes them sensitive to sunlight. Borrowing and engineering the gene for this protein, Deisseroth has been able to create neurons that respond to light delivered from fiber-optic cables. He can turn the neurons on and off by sending bursts of light to activate different areas of the brain and then observe the effects on behavior.Surprisingly, the researchers found that simply stimulating the prefrontal cortices of rodents didn't motivate them to try any harder in a laboratory challenge. It turns out that motivation is not as simple as stimulating a region of the brain. Instead of one switch in the prefrontal cortex that turns motivation on, multiple switches work in concert. Some neurons excite motivated activity and others inhibit it. Broadly stimulating the executive part of the brain will not generate a simple effect on behavior.\"It's one step more subtle\" said Deisseroth, \"but this is something that optogenetics was very well-suited to resolve.\"An optogenetic method called projection targeting allowed the scientists to work backward from the brain stem and find the exact pathway from neurons in the prefrontal cortex that signal motivation.The researchers first introduced their light-sensitive protein into cells in the prefrontal cortex. The light sensitivity then spread out like the branches of a tree through all the outgoing connections and eventually made its way to the brain stem, making those regions light sensitive, too.Then, illuminating the newly light-sensitive regions of the brain stem thought to control motivational movement, Deisseroth and Warden watched the behavioral effects as a subgroup of neurons in the prefrontal cortex that sent connections to brain stem were activated. They could see not only which cells are possibly involved in motivation, but the way motivation moves from one brain region to another.The researchers suspected that one part of the brain stem in particular, the dorsal raphe nucleus, might be crucial to behaviors that control effort. This cluster of cells is a production hub for serotonin \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a chemical messenger that changes the firing behavior of other cells. Serotonin is associated with mood modulation; many antidepressant drugs, for instance, may act by increasing serotonin concentration in the brain.When the pathway between the prefrontal cortex and the dorsal raphe nucleus was stimulated, rodents facing a challenge in the lab showed an immediate and dramatic surge in motivation.Curiously, however, when the rodents were relaxing in their home environment, the same stimulation had no effect. The pathway was not merely linked to any action, or to agitation; it was, more specifically, helping to \"set the effort that the organism waswilling to put forth to meet a challenge,\" Deisseroth said.Researchers were also able to produce the opposite effect \u00e2\u20ac\u201d reduced effort in response to challenge \u00e2\u20ac\u201d by stimulating prefrontal neurons that project to the lateral habenula, a region perched atop the brain stem that is thought to play a role in depression.When this region was getting signals driven optogenetically from the prefrontal cortex, rodents put forward less effort.Connecting depressive symptoms with brain pathways may be helpful in the development of drugs, but according to Deisseroth, the most important part of this research is its insight into how motivation works in both depressed and healthy people.The study has been published online in Nature .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17563536", "title": "18000 students to cast vote at 58 booths", "text": "PATNA: The stage is set for a peaceful and fair poll for the Patna University Students' Union (PUSU) scheduled for Tuesday. More than 18,000 students will exercise their franchise to elect five key office-bearers and 19 executive members of the union.The elections, being held after a gap of approximately three decades, have evoked much excitement and curiosity among the boys and girls, most of whom were not even born when the last union elections were held in January, 1984.As many as 139 candidates are contesting for the posts of president, vice-president, general secretary, secretary and treasurer, besides 19 members of the executive committee from different colleges and faculties.The polling would be held at 58 booths located in different institutions under tight security arrangements. The district administration, along with the PU authorities, has done its home work well and deputed adequate police personnel in and around the campus to ensure the safety of candidates as well as the electorate. Mobile patrolling has also been introduced on the campus, especially around the hostels. The polling will be held from 8am to 2pm.Students and polling personnel would be allowed to enter the polling booths only after showing their identity cards. Voters would not be allowed to carry their cellphones with them at the booths. The university has arranged for videography at all the booths. CCTVs have also been installed at strategic points.Candidates or their authorized representatives would be allowed to be present at the polling booths as well as the counting centres. The ballot boxes would be sealed in the presence of candidates or their representatives. The counting of votes would start at 3.30pm on Tuesday itself at Magadh Mahila College. The election results are likely to be announced late Tuesday night or on Wednesday.As many as 15 candidates are contesting for the post of president, while there are 12 candidates for vice-presidentship. The number of contestants for the post of general secretary is 12 and that for the post of secretary 13. There are 13 contestants for the post of treasurer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568313", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan to premiere his world tour at DSF", "text": "Bollywood mega-star Shah Rukh Khan will kick off the world premiere of his tour - \"Access All Area\" - with a performance at the ensuing 18th Dubai Shopping Festival 2013, starting next month, an official said.Khan's special show is expected to be tentatively scheduled Jan 17 - midway during the DSF which commences Jan 3 and ends Feb 3, said Saeed Al Falasi, director, Strategic Alliances, Dubai Events &amp; Promotions Establishments (DEPE).This year, the DSF is being marketed as \"Dubai At Its Best\" and the month-long event promises to be the biggest ever in its history since 1996, bringing the best across its sectors for locals and visitors alike, Al Falasi told media-persons here Monday afternoon.He assured people that DSF 2013 will surpass \"all previous editions in style, size, turnover and grandeur\" with the entire city decked up to welcome international shopaholics, prizes worth crores of rupees on offer and a spectacular itinerary of international events to keep all regaled and occupied.The major highlights this year include the world's highest catwalk at 442 metres at the iconic Burj Khalifa , and the Omega Dubai Desert Classic , a PGA European Tour sanctioned event with a $2.50 million prize pool with big names like Tiger Woods in attendance.Last year, DSF attracted nearly four million visitors who collectively splurged a whopping $413 million, making it one of the most happening and lucrative events in the international calendar.\"Ever since its launch, DSF has witnessed a growing number of visitors from India and this market has the potential to grow exponentially in the coming years. Indians comprise a vibrant part of United Arab Emirate's (UAE) society, constituting a significant segment of the total international crowds thronging DSF,\" Al Falasi pointed out.Besides Shah Rukh Khan's concert, DSF 2013 will feature various mega-events like Layali Dubai, street carnivals, street and midnight fashion shows, sporting attractions and cultural events from different countries.Besides the shopping and gift vouchers, there will be weekly draws for Infiniti , Ferrari and Nissan Patrol cars, gold prizes worth 15 kg of the precious metal and instant scratch-and-win worth up to Rs.2 million on purchase of pearls and watches at over 6,000 retail outlets in 70 malls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564687", "title": "December has been unusually warm: Met", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Met department has officially endorsed what Delhiites have been discussing for a few days now. This December has been unusually warm with no respite expected for another two days.\"The entire northern belt, including northwest India, central, central Peninsula and northeast, is witnessing higher than normal temperatures. In some places the anomaly is as high as four to six degrees. The phenomenon can be attributed to year-to-year variation,\" said L S Rathore, director general, IMD.The mean maximum temperature for December up to December 10 is 25.47 degrees Celsius, almost 2.5 degrees more than the normal maximum daily mean of 22.9 degrees Celsius. The highest temperature this month has been 28.1 degrees Celsius, recorded on December 9. In the past 10 years, only two other years have seen higher maximum temperatures. The all-time record for the highest maximum in December was set in 2011, when the temperature climbed to 29.5 degrees Celsius.\"There are three factors affecting the weather at present. For northern India, the presence of northerly winds from the colder reaches is essential. These come about as an aftermath of western disturbances. So far the activity of WDs has been quite weak, and even the WDs that have formed so far, have been too far in the north to have an impact on northwest India,\" said Rathore.The other factor that contributes to low temperatures over the plains is radiation cooling. \"This time there is a lot of moisture in the atmosphere, leading to mist formation. This mist is trapping the long-wave radiation or heat emitted by the earth and has kept the lower levels warm,\" he added.The third factor is an anti-cyclone in the mid-tropospheric levels, 3.5-4.5km high, over central India. Met officials said this is causing subsidence and has resulted in heat being trapped near the surface.Rathore said respite is a few days away. Monday's maximum temperature was 27.7 degrees, four degrees above normal, while the minimum was 9.4 degrees, one degree above normal. The maximum temperature went above normal on December 6. The minimum crossed its mean on December 7, rose slightly over the next two days and has been close to normal mark since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17565874", "title": "16-yr-old bakery worker strangled to death", "text": "KANPUR: A 16-year-old bakery worker was strangled to death allegedly by some unidentified miscreants on P road area under Seesamau police station on late Sunday night.The victim was identified as Aakash Vishwakarma, son of Ram Kishore Vishwakarma from Rasoolabad area in bordering Kanpur Dehat district. The incident took place when, along with few others, he was working at a bakery in Gandhinagar close to P road area for the past few months.They used to stay in a room in the bakery premises. On Monday morning, when fellow workers went to Akash's room, they found him lying dead. They alerted the police. \"There were strangulation marks on the throat,\" a police official said.Police suspect that he was murdered by one his friend with whom he was spotted by the locals on late Sunday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17563660", "title": "Airport check-in to get Common Use Terminal Equipment makeover", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Biju Patnaik airport will soon introduce a new system which will allow passengers to get their boarding passes from any counter regardless of the airline they chose to fly. Earlier, they had to queue up before the counters of their respective airlines for baggage tagging and boarding passes.According to airport authorities, the new system, Common Use Terminal Equipment (CUTE), will ensure smooth passage of passengers at the check-in points. \"CUTE will cut short the gruelling stages that passengers have to pass through at the check-in points,\" Sharad Kumar, airport director, said.He said CUTE is a common software and network airport solution which enables airlines and handling agents to access their own applications from workstations with the printers shared by all users.The system will be installed at the new domestic terminal in the first phase and subsequently at the old domestic terminal, which is being renovated for international operations, said H J Parmar, assistant general manager, airport traffic. \"With increasing passenger inflow, security requirements will also grow making air travel more stressful and time consuming for passengers. All modern means will be adopted at Biju Patnaik Airport, which will soon have two terminals, for easier, quicker, more efficient passage through the airport,\" Parmar said. CUTE will enable access to all airlines and airport IT systems using a single sign-on, he added.The aero bridge, which will allow passengers a direct passage to their flights, is also nearing completion. \"Passengers can take the Passengers Boarding Bridge (PBB) after checking-in and enter their flights,\" said Parmar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "17565491", "title": "Wife of IIT Kharagpur staffer kills self", "text": "KHARAGPUR: The wife of an IIT Kharagpur employee committed suicide in the institution's staff quarters on Monday morning. She was mentally disturbed, her husband and other family members told police.B Uma Rani (48) set herself ablaze on Monday morning at the bathroom of her husband, B. Ramanna Rao's staff quarter No. C-13. B Ramanna Rao, her husband, is an employee of IIT Kharagpur's electrical department. On Monday morning, the couple's 26-year-old son had left for his morning walk, while Ramanna Rao and their daughter were asleep. Uma Rani then walked into the bathroom and set herself afire.A neighbour saw smoke billowing out of the bathroom and started shouting. Rao and his daughter woke up and rushed to the bathroom to rescue Uma Rani. They poured water on her body, but couldn't save her.Police in the Hijli phari on the IIT campus were informed. Cops reached Ramanna Rao's quarter by when Uma Rani had died.Her body has been sent to the Kharagpur subdivisional hospital for autopsy.Ramanna Rao gave police his wife's medical records which show she was under treatment for mental illness. She was supposed to be taken to Ranchi for treatment on December 12 for which tickets had been booked. Hijli phari OC Akhilesh Das said they are investigating Uma Rani's death but believe the victim was a mental patient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17564781", "title": "No end to Visakhapatnam's water woes", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Several state and Centre sponsored schemes and projects, including JNNURM, appear to have failed in bridging the yawning gap between the demand and supply of water in the port city, especially since 2005.Despite a number of projects in the pipeline, the city suffers from a daily shortfall of around 20.60 MGD (million gallons per day) of water, which, in just seven years, has shot up from a shortfall of around 17 MGD.The Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC) is currently able to supply only 56 MGD of water to 1,47,742 municipal water connections, including 9,587 public taps, 66,979 domestic, 1,993 apartments and 48,341 connections for below poverty line (BPL) people.Based on the old city development plan (CDP) that was prepared in 2005, a total of seven projects were sanctioned under JNNURM at a cost of Rs 650.29 crore to augment water supply resources. But, only two have been completed till date at a cost of Rs 86 crore under the scheme, whose term runs out in another three months.\"Seven projects including some water projects are pending under the JNNURM. We have now proposed a few more projects exclusively to tackle the water problem at an estimated cost of Rs 1600 crore under JNNURM Plus, which is scheduled to begin from March 2013. The gap between demand and supply is still continuing, and all efforts are being made to bridge the gap,\" said GVMC commissioner, MV Satyannarayana.In addition to the above proposals, GVMC is also keen on implementing a desalination project to check the shortage of water and AP Industrial and Technical Consultancy Organisation (APITCO) has already been entrusted the task of preparing a detailed project report. \"The APITCO team is currently on a tour to Singapore, Dubai and some Gulf countries to study the desalination process,\" the GVMC commissioner revealed.As per the old CDP, the city's population was 15 lakh and total water supply connections were 74,000, including 12,019 public water supply taps and 50,825 domestic water supply connections. The installed capacity of water was 40.25 MGD, and GVMC used to supply around 38 MGD of water to meet the demand of 55 MGD.But today, the city's population is around 19 lakh, the municipal water connections have been enhanced to 1.48 lakh, and GVMC is currently supplying 56 MGD of water against the demand of 76.60 MGD.\"The authorities concerned, including GVMC, have completely failed in all aspects including distribution, planning and provision of infrastructure facilities to provide uninterrupted water to Vizagites,\" opined RV Ramarao, former principal of AU College of Engineering and member of National Technical Advisory Group of JNNURM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17565566", "title": "Police still clueless in Jyoti murder case", "text": "PANCHKULA: Even 19 days after the murder of Jyoti Devi, a 22-year-old BEd student in Mohali, the district police are yet to make any significant effort to investigate the matter. The deceased's family has in fact lost all hope of help from the police and had been pursuing the case themselves. Jyoti's father Bhutti Ram on Monday procured details of calls made from her cell phone as he suspects people she met in her last days.Bhutti Ram told TOI, \"Ram Kumar Chaudhary, a Congress leader from Himachal, had visited my house along with Jyoti for attending the wedding of my younger daughter in December 2009, and he has been missing after Jyoti's death.\" The aggrieved father also claimed, \"An unidentified person from Chandigarh had approached us personally five days ago and offered Rs 30 lakh for not pursuing the investigation.\"Ram, who has approached district police officials three times trying to know the status of investigations, said, \"While one of the two last calls made from my daughter's phone was to Chaudhary, the second number has been switched off.\" Though Panchkula DCP Parul Kush Jain refused to make any comment on the ongoing investigation, reliable police sources told TOI, \"The cellphone which was being used by Chaudhary was procured on the identity of somebody else from Baddi.\"Voice for justiceM embers of a local NGO, Sarv Mangal Jyoti, on Monday met district police officials and sought the status of investigation done till now. Jagdeep Rana, president of the NGO, said the district police's failure to crack the case has raised doubts about the cops' seriousness to ensure safety of girls in the cityJyoti murder case: Cops failed to locate ChaudharyEven 19 days after the murder of Jyoti Devi, a 22-year-old BEd student in Mohali, the district police are yet to make any significant effort to investigate the matter. The deceased's family has in fact lost all hope of help from the police and had been pursuing the case themselves. Jyoti's father Bhutti Ram on Monday procured details of calls made from her cellphone as he suspects people she met in her last days.Though Panchkula DCP Parul Kush Jain refused to make any comment on the ongoing investigation, reliable police sources told TOI, \"The cellphone which was being used by Chaudhary was procured on the identity of somebody else from Baddi in Himachal, and the person in whose name the SIM card was issued is absconding.\"A team of district police headed by a DSP-rank official also conducted raid at Chaudhary's house in Baddi but failed to locate him. Baddi SP Arun Kumar confirmed the raid by Panchkula police, saying that all necessary help was being provided in this regard. ACP Virender Singh said investigation was on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17563669", "title": "Beto brace sets up Churchill victory", "text": "KOLKATA: An early goal in each half helped Churchill Brothers secure a convincing 3-0 win over Arrows in their 10th-round I-League clash at the Salt Lake Stadium on Monday.Beto set up the first goal for Bineesh Balan before scoring the other two himself. The win took Churchill to second spot with 22 points.The AIFF's development side stayed on 14. Churchill forged ahead three minutes into the match. Balan controlled a nice through from Beto and scored with a powerful drive from inside the box.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17563843", "title": "Branding the artist", "text": "Bharatanatyam dancer Kavitha Ramu has been performing during the season for the last 20 years. This year the dancer hired an artist management company to handle publicity.\"I am a district revenue officer and find it difficult to handle the logistics. So, I got an agency to send out invitations and handle the promotion,\" says Ramu, who is giving six performances this season. Many like Ramu are hiring professional agencies to handle public relations and create an image.The dancer is represented by Chennai-based ArtMantra Entertainment. \"We take on publicity, social media, photo shoots, right down to working out itineraries so artists can focus on their art,\" says Feby Varghese who started Artmantra nearly a year ago. Her firm represents painter Thota Tharrani, dancers Alarmel Valli and Bharati Shivaji, and musicians P Unnikrishnan and Shankar Tucker.The firm networks with entertainment industry people so their clients get shows and art festivals, says Priya Raghavan, PR and brand consultant.In Chennai, the trend has caught on recently. \"Earlier, artists did their own publicity,\" says Sunita Suresh, director, Red Consulting, who has signed on artists this season. Now they want it to be done professionally especially during the season to reach out to newer audiences.According to Akhila Krishnamurthy, who manages artists through her recently launched firm Aalaap, professionals can help audiences too. \"There are many artists now that rasikas need information to figure out who is good. Also, seniors need to publicise their work as it is highly competitive.\"Krishnamurthy is handling the publicity for dancer Priyadarshini Govind's Natyalaya conference to be held from December 26 to 31 at Sri Krishna Gana Sabha. \"Since we are public figures, we need to be careful of the image we project,\" says Govind.Bharatanatyam dancer Madhuvanthi Arun signed on ArtMantra as she feels it is important to create an image. \"If we don't project what we stand for, we are sidelined as a bunch of entertainers,\" says Arun. She is clear about her image. \"I run a school, so I am an educationist. I am also an artist, so I consider myself an edutainer,\" she says. \"The agency's work is to create that identity.\"Artists also approach agencies to be invited as chief guests at award functions, says a PR executive. \"Some want us to scout around for opportunities to endorse brands in keeping with their image and do store openings.\" Not all artists hire agencies. \"It is a recent trend, I have not used PR agencies as I feel organisers will take care of publicity,\" says vocalist Sudha Ragunathan. \"Maybe, if I am doing something big or different in the future, I might approach them to reach out to a wider audience.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17563665", "title": "BHU trauma centre likely to be delayed", "text": "VARANASI: Contrary to expectations, the wait for one of the biggest trauma centre of the country can prove to be longer despite the fact that the deadline for its completion had already been extended twice in the past.The under-construction multi-specialty trauma centre of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) may not start functioning soon due to one reason or the other, despite the fact that the buildings and construction work is almost completed.Director, Institute of Medical Sciences (IMS), Banaras Hindu University, Dr RG Singh said that almost all the construction work had been completed and finishing touches are being given to the super-specialty centre, which is expected to get finished in two months. However, the trauma centre will not be operational until it gets sufficient manpower to perform various functions. The proposal for the recruitment of healthcare staff, which was made under the 12th Five Year Plan, is still pending at ministry level and this process will take more time.Earlier, deadline for completion of the trauma centre was extended due to the slow pace of construction work. Its construction started in 2009. The centre was expected to be completed by March 2011. A number of state-of-the-art equipment worth Rs 21 crore were procured. A fund of Rs 47 crore was released for construction of modular kitchen and gas pipeline that was set to be spent in three phases.However, the slow pace of construction extended the tentative deadline of the project. During the annual day of IMS in March this year, the then director TM Mohapatra pointed out that a complaint had been lodged with the Union ministry of health and family welfare over the slow pace of construction. He hoped that the trauma centre may start functioning this year which is contrary to the present status of the project. Once operational, the trauma centre may prove a boon for patients belonging to East UP, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, northern MP and Jharkhand.The 324-bed trauma centre promises to be one of the biggest, even bigger than AIIMS, New Delhi which has 100-bed trauma centre. A number of specialized departments under the faculty of medicine, like orthopaedics, neurosurgery, plastic surgery and cardio-vascular surgery will also be part of the trauma centre. It has attracted funding of Rs 100 crore from UGC and Union ministry of health and family welfare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17564895", "title": "Police still clueless about four-year-old\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s rape, murder", "text": "PUNE: The Bhosari police still do not have any leads into the rape and murder of four-year-old Anita Sayyad Bhandari of Kasarwadi on Sunday morning.The Bhosari police are still clueless about the suspect involved in the rape and murder of four-year-old Anita Sayyad Bhandari of Kasarwadi on Sunday morning.Anita, who was playing outside her house in Kasarwadi had gone missing on Saturday afternoon. Her body was found on the railway tracks at Kasarwadi early on Sunday morning. The post mortem report confirmed that Anita was raped and strangulated to death. The unknown rapist and murderer later dumped the body on the tracks.The government railway police (GRP) registered the case and transferred it to the Bhosari police station. The police have booked the unknown suspect under sections 363 (kidnapping), 366 (A) (procreation of minor girl), 364 (kidnapping or abducting in order to murder), 376 (rape), 302 (murder), 201 (destruction of evidence) of the Indian Penal Code.The Bhosari police have started investigating the crime and suspect that a person known to the victim's family has committed the crime. the involvement of a person, who was known to the family. They have recorded statements of several people in the area and have questioned persons who were arrested for similar crimes in the past. The police have also checked the persons arrested in the similar crimes in the recent past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17565257", "title": "Eye donations fail to pick up in Chhattisgarh", "text": "RAIPUR: When it comes to 'Netra Daan' or eye donation, the otherwise large hearted and magnanimous people of this state are rather stingy. With only 26 donations in 2011-12 and 62 so far in this fiscal, the state is perhaps among the 'poorest' eye donors in the country.Recent statistics of the Union Health Ministry reveal that only 30% of the donated eyes go to the needy and the rest are discarded on grounds of being \"unfit\" for transplant and are sent to medical colleges for studies. Going by these figures, it would mean that only seven donations were worthwhile in the state last year and in this fiscal only 18 would be used to provide vision to the needy.Though eye donations throughout the country fell considerably last year, despite increasing awareness and a steady growth trend since 2000, it has failed to catch the attention of residents in Chhattisgarh. The National Programme for Control of Blindness (NPCB) figures show the cornea collection movement in Chhattisgarh shot up once in 2009-10 when 541 corneas were donated against the target of 500, it has subsequently reached nowhere near its revised target of 700 cornea collections. In 2010-11, only 173 donations happened in the state.Dr Subhash Mishra, state programme officer, National Programme for Control of Blindness (NPCB), Chhattisgarh, admitted, \"At present, there is a huge gap between the number of people requiring corneal transplants and the number of donors. We actually require at present over 300 corneas but only 62 have been collected in this fiscal.\"As of now, the state has three eye banks including two run by NGOs. Dr Mishra informed that another eye bank would be fully functional in Bilaspur by March end and there were plans to open another in Jagdalpur Medical College next year.Citing \"lack of awareness\" as the main reason for low cornea donation, Dr Mishra admitted that paucity of resources and infrastructure had also contributed to it. \"There were no proper eye banks or collection facilities in every district,\" he said adding that this year, in September, the government had appointed two people each in 18 district hospitals for collection of cornea.NPCB numbers reveal that in India there are over 13 lakh blind people suffering from corneal opacity and 30,000 are added to it every year. Doctors say that though the numbers of corneal transplantations have risen in the past, at least 1 lakh corneas are needed annually. Last year, over 49,000 corneas were donated in the country.Health officials in the state confide that the government's campaign, \"I pledge my Eye'' failed to evoke much response. \"We found that less than 1% of the pledges converted to donations,\" they disclosed.The waiting list for eye transplant in some eye banks is over one year. People who have been signing the eye pledge card are mostly youngsters. \"By the time they die, their families don't remember the pledge or purposely ignore it due to false beliefs,\" said an officer adding that more awareness was required.The official said, \"Corneal blindness primarily occurs in young people. If they are not treated, it will be a huge drain on both our economy and human resources.\"Corneal transplant or keratoplasty is an operation in which abnormal or diseased cornea is replaced by donor corneal tissue and sutured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568844", "title": "Eijaz's good deed!", "text": "Actor Eijaz Khan was brought up in Chembur, Mumbai and have fond memories of his childhood.Sevadaan Fun Fiesta, a fund raising event was organised in Chembur on Saturday. Eijaz sportingly performed at the event. The kids were thrilled to see him dance along with them.Singer Natalie De Luccio and actor Johnny Lever also graced the occasion. Eijaz is always available for causes which support special children. Eijaz says, \"Chembur is where I grew up. Sevadaan works for the welfare of special children and many other issues. It was fun to perform there. I love kids and the smile on their face brings a smile on my face. Kids are innocent and I feel happy when I support causes concerning special children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "17565655", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcRahul Gandhi will lead in 2014 polls\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "BHARUCH: Senior Congress leader Ahmed Patel has said that Rahul Gandhi will lead the party's poll campaign in the next parliamentary elections . Patel, who is also the political advisor to UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi, told journalists at Piraman in Bharuch on Monday that Rahul's stature in the party is that of number two and there is no difference between Sonia and him.This only strengthened the growing belief that the Gandhi family scion will be the Congress's prime ministerial candidate in 2014. Party spokesperson P C Chacko in Delhi too echoed Patel's words and added that Sonia Gandhi would be the supreme leader. He, however, did not say if Rahul would be named the prime ministerial candidate.Rahul, who heads the party's poll coordination panel, is also to be given a bigger responsibility in the party ahead of the 'chintan shivir' and the AICC session between January 18 and 20 at Jaipur, said party sources. Launching a frontal attack on chief minister Narendra Modi , Patel said Modi is like a postman delivering central schemes to the people of Gujarat. He said that he is taking credit for delivering central grants to the people of the state.Patel has been campaigning aggressively in Bharuch district over the last two days. Asked if it was right to compare Modi to a sultan, Patel said, \"It is all right when Modi talks of the Centre as the Delhi sultanate and wrong when he is called a sultan. That does not make sense.\"He also said Modi should not try to teach democracy to the Congress. \"I have risen after contesting elections right from the taluka level. It is he who had first become a chief minister and then contested polls,\" he said.Modi's Sadbhavana is a farce: Ahmed PatelUPA chief Sonia Gandhi's political secretary Ahmed Patel has described Narendra Modi's Sadbhavna in Gujarat as a farce and that he should take lessons from his late father Damodardas Modi.Talking to TOI during his visit in the city, Patel said, \"Damodardas Modi had shown a real sadbhavana towards a Muslim boy. But his son (Narendra Modi) has a fake sadbhavana for the minority in Gujarat.\" \"Sadbhavana was Modi's well-planned strategy to compensate the losses by garnering support from the minority community in Gujarat,\" said Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "pune ", "code": "17564869", "title": "Chains worth Rs 1 lakh snatched in Bhosari, Pimple Saudagar", "text": "PUNE : Gold chains worth Rs 1.07 lakh were snatched in separate incidents at Bhosari and Pimple Saudagar in the cityon Sunday. The incidents took place at Bhosari and Pimple Saudagar.In the first incident, which took place around 9 am, Geeta Jangda (50) of Rahatani was on her morning walk at Pimple Saudagar when two persons riding a motorcycle pulled up beside her and snatched her gold chain worth Rs 30,000. According to a complaint lodged by Jangda with the Sangvi police, the motorcycle rider was wearing a helmet and the pillion rider was wearing a black shirt and trousers, the police said.The second chain snatching took place at Indrayaninagar in Bhosari around 6.30 pm.The complainant, Surekha Wagh (36), was walking home when two motorcycle borne thieves snatched her gold chain worth Rs 77,500 and fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17565366", "title": "Most sought after schools to start admissions in Mar", "text": "BHOPAL: Even while most of the private schools of the capital have commenced with their admission formalities, a couple of convent schools have deviated from the past year's norms and have decided to conduct admissions in March next year.While some are terming it as a strategy for better admissions, the parents are choosing to wait for them as there have been complaints against the screening tests in contravention to the Right to Education (RTE) Act.Two of the most sought after convent schools, St Joseph's Co-ed and Carmel Convent BHEL have announced that admissions would be held in March. The reason they cite is the new RTE law which doesn't allow for any screening test of children at all.Principal of the St Joseph's Co-ed, Fr Johnney said, \"Previously there were long queues for interviews at schools and hence the process started early to make way for interviews of so many children and parents. Currently, that system is banned under RTE and hence it doesn't make any sense anymore to start so early.\"On whether the 'good students' would be taken up by other schools, Fr Johnney said, \"The school not only looks out for good students but also makes students good. Besides, from the next academic session, the other schools would also follow suit.\"Carmel Convent, BHEL website also says that admissions would commence in March. St Joseph's Convent would announce the admission date by the end of the week, informed Ravdeep Singh, the school's spokesperson.But other schools like International Public School (IPS) and Delhi Public School among others have already begun the admissions process. Principal of IPhabitsS, P S Kalra said, \"Same time admissions mean that if a child doesn't get admitted to a school of his preference, he still has other schools to go to otherwise he loses his chance there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17564136", "title": "William Dalrymple's new book throws light on first Afghan war", "text": "HYDERABAD: Noted historian and writer William Dalrymple has said the situation in Afghanistan now and during the first Afghan war in 1840s has striking similarities.Delivering a lecture after the launch of his new book Return of a King at the University of Hyderabad on Monday, he said the first Afghan war was a tale of violent rebellion by the Afghans, of great military humiliation by the British and other political intrigues. The West's first disastrous entanglement in Afghanistan has clear and relevant parallels with the current deepening crisis, Dalrymple said adding: \"There are extraordinary similarities between what Nato forces are facing in cities like Kabul and Kandhahar today and what the British forces faced in 1840s fighting the very same tribes...\"Addressing the students and faculty of the university, Dalrymple said his new book was a definitive analysis of the first Afghan war. The information for the book has been obtained from sources in Afghanistan in Dadri language. Most of the paintings published in the book are also sourced from Afghanistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17563947", "title": "Ishrat case: HC seeks report", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A year after the Central Bureau of Investigation began to probe the Ishrat Jahan encounter case, the Gujarat high court has finally sought action taken report disclosing what significant progress it has made in investigation.Responding to the CBI's plea to extend IPS officer Satish Verma's assistance in the probe for six more months, the bench of Justice Jayant Patel and Justice Abhilasha Kumari on Monday asked the probe agency to show what progress it has made in its investigation. The bench said that the probe agency would first have to establish that there was a progress in investigation, and only after the court finds it satisfying, it may grant extension to Verma's services for the encounter probe.The bench pulled up the CBI for its prolonged investigation and commented that the court had not set any deadline to the probe agency, but it did not mean that the investigation should go on for indefinitely. When the CBI counsel Yogesh Ravani told the court that there was substantial development in the probe, the judges said that if the CBI cannot reveal details in public domain, it could file a progress report in sealed cover by December 27. The high court has kept hearing on this issue on December 28 saying that it would decide on CBI's request for Verma's extension only after going through the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17563336", "title": "Transit remand for Aparna Marandi", "text": "RANCHI: Aparna Marandi, the wife of Jitan Marandi, an accused in the murder case of former chief minister Babulal Marandi's son who was later acquitted by the Jharkhand high court, was forwarded to Dumka on a transit remand on Monday.The woman was detained by Dumka police on December 8 from Hatia railway station when she was going to Hyderabad. The detention was made in a six-year-old case in which she was accused of setting fire on seven vehicles at Kantikund locality in Dumka.The team of Dumka police had produced Aparna Marandi before chief judicial magistrate S M Hussain on Monday for a transit remand to Dumka. The woman would be produced in the civil court of Dumka.After the detention of Aparna Marandi and others, neither the railway police nor the district police had confirmed the development. The detained persons were kept in custody at Kotwali police station.Along with Aparna, Baby Devi, a local leader of Dhanbad, and Sushila Ekka, a social activist of Hazaribag, were also detained. They were, however, released on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17563532", "title": "PUSU hopefuls hold open debate", "text": "PATNA: What the Patna University (PU) teachers could never do, the university students did it on Monday. By addressing their electorates from a common platform at Patna Science College ground, the candidates contesting for Patna University Students' Union (PUSU) president post not only created a new milestone in the history of union elections but also taught their teachers a lesson in electioneering.Even as the Patna University Teachers' Association (PUTA) has been holding its elections quite regularly, the contestants never opted for presenting their agenda for the teachers' welfare from a common platform on the pattern of US presidential election. But, thanks to the recommendation of the Lyngdoh Committee and the initiative of the PU authorities, the PUSU contestants got an opportunity to explain their vision to the electorates, who had assembled at the selected venue in large number. The polls are to be held on Tuesday.All the 15 boys and girls contesting for the PUSU president post addressed the audience quite effectively, promising actions aimed at improving students' welfare, if elected. In the allotted 10 minutes' time, the candidates not only vowed to fight for central university status to PU and providing all facilities to the students on par with those available in a central university but also assured them of thorough repair and renovation of hostels. Most candidates expressed their concern over the acute shortage of teachers and demanded immediate filling up of all vacant posts.Some candidates pleaded for creating placement cells in all the colleges and postgraduate departments for campus placement of the pass-outs, whereas others demanded creating better infrastructure for sports and cultural activities. One contestant opined that intermediate teaching should be resumed in PU colleges once again and all efforts should be made to bring PU on the national forefront, academically.The 'would-be' leaders who addressed the students included Ashish Sinha, Mahesh Kumar, Md Shahid Ahmad Alam and Prakash Chandra Azad of Patna Law College, Divya Gautam and Rajesh Kumar of Patna College, Pragya Raj Shiva, Shivani Sahay, Shweta and Usha Kiran of Magadh Mahila College, Swati Sneha and Toshi Lall of Patna Women's College, Suman Lata Maurya and Md Nishant Alam of ancient Indian history and archaeology department, Peyush Ranjan of rural studies, and Vidyanand Vidhata of history department.Even though the volunteers of different students organizations, which have sponsored their candidates for various offices of the union, were present there to listen to their 'leaders', those of Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad and All India Students Association outnumbered others.PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh, at the outset, said PUSU elections would be the role model for other universities.He said if the students showed maturity this time, they may be entrusted with the task of conducting the union elections in future.The students' union elections would not only foster democratization of the campus but also improve the academic atmosphere of the university, the VC added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11711653", "title": "Financial infidelities in your relationship?", "text": "If you have been making purchases exceeding your monthly budget, you may be guilty of financially cheating on your partner.We tell you more about it.Shopping for designer bags, clothes and shoes was a norm with 24-year-old Shruti Sen until she tied the knot with Rahul. An accountant by profession, he was used to planning his finances saving for any eventuality. The spender-saver combination did not bother them at first. However, once they got married all of that changed. Shruti says, \"Rahul is a planner by nature, and both of us have a different approach to finances. I do save money, but I have not really planned finances all my life. It's something that I had to do once we got married. There have been times, I have not disclosed the actual amount of a dress or a pair of shoes because I knew Rahul would flip. I do feel guilty about it, but I want to be able to splurge once in a while.\"Financial indiscretions can wreck havoc on your relationshipPsychiatrist, Anjali Chhabria says this situation could easily be sorted if both would communicate better with each other. She adds, \"If you or your partner commits a financial indiscretion that sets your mutual savings or budget goals back, it can create real trust problems and wreak havoc on your relationship. And though it isn't uncommon for individuals in a marriage to have conflicting money management styles and priorities, it's important for your overall financial well-being and relationship to have good lines of communication about money.\"Clinical psychologist Seema Hingorrany says, \"Often one person is a saver and the other is a free spender. This can lead to a great deal of stress in any marriage when the couple is already fairly tight on finances, or when one spouse is far more frugal than the other. Being transparent about your earnings and not doing things clandestinely works in such situations.\"How to cope with financial infidilety?Finance is a big part of a relation according to Chhabria, who adds, \"Financial infidelity leads to loss of intimacy and trust in a relationship. Having lost both these the whole groundwork on which a marriage is based can be lost causing conflicts, separation and divorce. The best way to deal with this would be to sit down and calmly confront and talk about the problem rather than blame the spouse directly.\"A guide to surviving financial infidiletyHave a mature conversation: Once you and your spouse have agreed to have a mature conversation, you may ask them the reason they feel the need to lie about their expenses?Get to the bottom of the problem? Sometimes the partner may feel too restricted and is afraid of being denied or sometimes it may be impulsiveness or he/she may also feel their spouse may not understand what may be important to him/her.Discuss monthly expenses: You and your spouse should sit down and discuss your monthly expenses and open a joint account. In the joint account, both of you could have direct deposits for the monthly bills. Make sure you both save up, and keep a little share in your personal accounts which both of you can use for personal expenses.Share information and communicate: The most important part is that all this information is shared and communicated. No one should feel deprived and thus money allocated for personal expenses should also be equal. In case there is a big amount one wants to spend he/she should make sure it doesn't affect the monthly expenditures which are inevitable.Planning in advance can be helpful. However, if there is a pattern of such infidelity then one may have to take serious steps to resolve the conflict. Having separate accounts along with a joint may be helpful. Financial infidelity can lead to impediments in a relationship hence it must be resolved and not overlooked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17563952", "title": "Police chief gets HC approval", "text": "CHENNAI: The appointment of K Ramanujam as Tamil Nadu police chief won the approval of the Madras high court, which on Monday held that there was no violation of rules or procedures in his selection.A division bench comprising Justices V Ramasubramanian and M M Sundresh, dismissing a quo warranto petition questioning Ramanujam's continuation in service after November 30, which was his date of superannuation, ruled that the state government had selected and appointed him after obtaining Supreme Court clearance and that it was as per the apex court's guidelines laid down in the Prakash Singh case.The petition, filed by M Suresh Kumar of Anna Nagar West, contended that the Prakash Singh case had been selectively applied to benefit Ramanujam. It said Tamil Nadu, which was yet to have its own State Security Commission as ordered by the apex court, should not have granted fixed tenure to Ramanujam because the power to remove a DGP within two years was vested with the committee.Rejecting the argument, the judges said that on January 27, 2010 IPS officer Letika Saran was appointed DGP for two years, even though Tamil Nadu did not have a State Security Commission. Ahead of the assembly elections, she was replaced by Bhola Nath. Another senior IPS officer, R Natraj, rushed to the Central Administrative Tribunal against Saran's appointment and got it quashed. The state government filed a writ petition in the high court against the CAT ruling. Even though the case went in her favour on January 12, 2012, Letika did not demand reinstatement as head of the state police force.After her retirement, this government approached the UPSC on May 24, 2012 to prepare a panel. The UPSC, however, pointed out that Letika Saran was appointed for two-year tenure and that her term would end on November 27, 2012, prompting the state to move the apex court. On October 16, 2012, the apex court passed an order permitting the UPSC to send a panel of three names to the state government, and permitting the Tamil Nadu government to appoint one among the three as DGP. Accordingly, on October 30 the empanelment committee of the UPSC short-listed the names of K Vijaykumar, Bhola Nath and Ramanujam. As Vijaykumar had retired on September 30, the UPSC then forwarded the two names with a recommendation that Ramanujam be appointed DGP.Citing these details, the judges said it was the Supreme Court which permitted the state government and the UPSC to go ahead with the DGP selection process though it was aware that Tamil Nadu was yet to constitute the State Security Commission. Therefore, the issue of Tamil Nadu's non-compliance of the earlier Supreme Court order on State Security Commission cannot be raised before the high court.As for the petitioner's claim that contrary to the All India Service Rules Ramanujam was continuing in the post after the November 5 order appointing him DGP for a tenure of two years, the judges said the Prakash Singh case clearly mentioned that a DGP shall have two-year term 'irrespective of the date of his retirement'.The judges also rejected the petitioner's contention that the UPSC had forwarded only one name to the state for appointment as DGP, and that it was in violation of the rules. A perusal of the relevant files showed that three names were forwarded by the state government, and Ramanujam was appointed on the basis of the panel of names sent by the UPSC.In any case, in a quo warranto case, the high court could consider only lack of eligibility or lack of suitability of a candidate, the judges said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17566355", "title": "'State policy need of the hour for Manipuri films'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Manipuri film industry has been churning out movies for four decades now despite limited resources. Over 50 movies are made annually in Manipur and many of them have won accolades for the state.Since the first Manipuri film 'Matangi Manipuri' came out in 1972, the industry has gone through many transitions, whether it be the shift from the celluloid to the digital format or the representation of the changing social strata. However, due to lack of a concrete state policy and with limited resources, investors are often left in the lurch.\"As far as Manipuri cinema is concerned, it is in the nascent stage and has just opened up. A state policy is the need of the hour. Though there have been talks about coming up with a state policy, nothing has been done yet. At present, only private producers are producing films,\" said Oinam Gautam, an award-winning director. Bobo Khuraijam, an editor, added, \"We have so much talent in the state, but no avenues to bring it out.\"Gautam, who won the Rajat Kamal last year for his directorial venture 'Thijigee Mani', said, \"The present goal is to make good films using minimal format. We have a long way to go and are doing what we can with the available resources.\"Aribam Syam Sharma, a National Film Award-winning director, said northeastern films have to face more challenges due to its minority representation in the central fold.\"Change is a part of life and it is the job of a filmmaker to represent the changing cultural aspects of the state and highlight it. If we lose our culture, we lose ourselves. It is the duty of a filmmaker to cope with changes show it through his movies,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17566310", "title": "World Junior TT: Indian girls out of medal contention", "text": "HYDERABAD: Coach Bhawani Mukherjee's worst fears came true on Monday as the Indian girls put up a brave fight before crashing out of the medal contention in the Team Championship of the Volkswagen 2012 World Junior Table Tennis Championship at the Gachibowli Indoor Stadium.\"Manika (Batra) is our most capable player and can win both of her singles games but we need someone else to win the third one,\" he had remarked on the eve of the tournament.Manika thrilled the hearts of the sparse crowd with a spirited display.The 17-year-old won both her games but India lost to Hong Kong 2-3. Earlier, India had gone down to Korea 3-0 but not before Manika almost pulled off a game.\"I am quite satisfied with the performance today. They are a far better team than us but still the girls gave a good account of themselves against a tough opponent. They did the best with what they had. On the whole, it was a commendable performance,\" coach Kamlesh Mehta said after the encounter.\"It was an exceptionally good show by Manika. The aggressive approach paid dividends,\" Mehta said. India will now play for the 9-12 positions. The Indian boys defeated Australia 3-0 but lost to Italy and will now play Egypt for the 15-16 positions. China showcased their dominance as they stormed into the quarterfinals in both sections.The boys beat Belgium 3-0 and followed it up with another 3-0 victory over Chinese Taipei.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17558714", "title": "Andrea Thumshirn becomes autowali", "text": "Hockey coach and Germany's former league player, Andrea Thumshirn, who's been in Rajasthan for about a year now, is taking her zeal for the sport to new heights. Fighting against all odds, she's been giving lessons in hockey and English to kids in the remote Garh Himmat Singh village in Dausa district in Rajasthan. And now, the German lady has taken up a new assignment. Andrea has decided to go on an autorickshaw ride from Jaipur to Goa to raise money to promote hockey in rural India.The 37-year-old Andrea will begin her ride on January 1, 2013. She will be accompanied by her friend Rieke Lassen, who shares the same passion for hockey. She tells us, \"We have named our campaign 'Three Wheels on India' as we will be driving an auto. There will be two autorickshaws, one will be driven by me, and for the other one, we will have three German volunteers coming to Jaipur.\"The rally will take two weeks to reach Goa and will cover 1,800kms on road. Andrea has already taken lessons in driving an auto. \"Driving is itself a Herculean task in India. And driving an auto is even tougher, with no traffic rules being followed by people,\" she admits.Each team or auto will be raising at least 750 Euros ('53,000 approx) for the cause. Any person or organization can buy kilometres and support the cause. One has to pay at least '40 for a kilometre. And if someone buys 100kms, his or her name will be put in bold letters on the auto.Adds Andrea, \"I am doing this charity so that we can finally do something for the kids who so much want to play and learn. Their wishes in the form of hand impressions will always accompany me during my journey, and the autos will be painted in vibrant colours.\"Andrea is supported by Germany's SAC Club and her own NGO, Hockey Village India Project, and thanks to her efforts, this time, five girls trained by her have been selected in state level team to play in the Under-16 team. \"I came from Germany last year and since then India has become my home. I am ready to go to any extent to promote the sport. But the laidback attitude of Indian government officials bothers me at times,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17565391", "title": "People fined Rs 50 for not voting in Rajkot village", "text": "RAJKOT: Election officials working hard to increase voter turnout don't need to campaign in this village. In fact, villagers of Rajsamdhiyala can give their urban counterparts a lesson on the importance of voting in a democracy. Since 29 years now, voting has been made compulsory for all in this village. Those who don't follow the diktat have to shell out Rs 51 as a fine. Ironically, Rajsamdhiyala has never witnessed an election since 1956 and the village head (sarpanch) is selected by the development council.\"Our council is a very powerful body and their diktat is being implemented strictly. Voters need to have a really convincing reason for not voting. The council memberswill decide if the reason is genuine or not,\" head of the council Hardevsinh Jadeja said.Rajsamdhiyala has already established itself as a model village for its rain water harvesting programmes.According to Jadeja, there are roughly 1,120 voters in the village with a population of 1,747. The village falls in Rajkot (rural) constituency, which goes to polls in the first phase on December 13. A day before the polls, the council members will go doorto-door and verify who all are not voting. \"On an average, around 80% voting has been reported here,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17565368", "title": "'Adopt a humane attitude towards cops'", "text": "BHOPAL: There is a need to get sensitive about the police officials who often work under inhuman conditions. With this message, Justice A K Saxena- chairperson of MP Human Rights Commission (MPHRC) stressed on more humane attitude towards cops on the occasion of International Human Rights Day on Monday.Many a times with zero evidence, big actions are taken against them, Justice Saxena said addressing the gathering on the topic 'the importance of sensitivity in the working of the police.'\"Often, this kind of behavior from seniors affects the lower ranked officials mentally and their working gets hampered. Also, they vent all their anger in turn at the common public,\" said Saxena.\"The way out to this problem is threefold. Firstly, the police should fall back on the law in case of any complaint. Next, evidence shouldn't be created by police. Lastly, put yourself in the victim's shoes and then deal accordingly,\" said Saxena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17566089", "title": "Hand truck carries load up and down the stairs", "text": "MYSORE: Four final year mechanical engineering students have devised a hand truck that climbs the stairs along with luggage.The stair-climbing hand truck, which can be used to carry luggage in malls without electricity, has been developed by National Institute of Engineering students Sanketh Chiplunkar, Sriram H K, Sudarshan M P and Suhas S under the guidance of prof B K Sridhara. The truck cost them Rs 60,000.The teammates say that hand truck can be used to move heavy loads on stairs, with less human effort. This finds its applications in warehouses and small-scale industries as an equipment to move domestic appliances like refrigerators, air coolers and gas cylinders. Stair-climbing hand truck also helps in reducing the number of people if the luggage is carried manually, they add.Principal G L Shekar said the project was carried out under Innovation Entrepreneurship Development Centre with funding from the department of science and technology, government of India. \"They fund Rs 1 lakh each for five technical projects. This is to provide a platform for techno-venture development,\" he added.HOW DOES IT WORKStair-climbing truck is a hand-operated material-handling equipment, capable of safely carrying loads up and down the stairs with minimum human effort.The principle behind its operation is similar to that of a simple screw jack. Here, the load placed on the platform is powered up and down with the help of a nut and lead screw assembly. Lead screw is fixed to the main frame and is allowed to rotate only along its centroidal axis. The nut, which is fastened to the second frame, translates along the lead screw, and its rotary motion is constrained. The lead screw is powered by a high-torque motor, which in turn is connected to a battery. The operator is always in complete control over the devise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564465", "title": "Parking projects way off mark", "text": "NEW DELHI: Like many of the erstwhile MCD's ambitious parking projects, the stack parking on Sat Bhirawan Road, Karol Bagh, has also missed several deadlines. The project, which was sanctioned in 2009, is yet to be made operational. MCD had also planned a multilevel automated parking under PPP model at Shastri Park in Karol Bagh but it never took off due to poor response from bidders.Despite collecting Rs 29 crore from traders as parking charges, North Corporation, created after the MCD trifurcation in April, has not been able to create new parking space in the market. \"Over the years, the footfall in the Karol Bagh market has increased manifolds, but the corporation has done little to address the parking problem. The stack parking was to be completed before the Commonwealth Games but it is yet to be made operational,\" said Lovleen Kumar, who owns a guesthouse.Kumar claims the project is not feasible. \"The parking lot has been constructed on the road. This will block traffic movement. The corporation planned this project in a hurry.\"Officials say the Rs 80-lakh project got delayed as it was challenged by a trader in the Delhi high court. But sources say the matter was resolved in August 2010. \"After the court case, the project was put on hold due to Commonwealth Games. The construction work started in December 2010,\" said an official. The parking, which has space for 90 cars, was to be completed within six months but the project got stuck in bureaucratic process. Similarly, the proposed parking near Jessa Ram Hospital is yet to be tendered.While shoppers and traders complain about parking problems, the corporation has done little to identify new space. The corporation has seven authorized parking sites. Illegal parking is happening on all arterial roads. \"They overcharge people and block the entire road as cars are parked in double lanes,\" said Murli Mani, president of Karol Bagh Traders' Association.According to Yogender Chandolia, chairman, standing committee, North Corporation, \"The stack parking was planned for the Commonwealth Games. But we could not start the project due to legal issues. We hope to complete it by early next year. As for Shastri Park, we will again float tenders. We are also going to identify new surface-level parking sites.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17564282", "title": "IITians struggle to live up to families' fat pay package dreams", "text": "MUMBAI: Students on the IIT-Bombay campus claim the average annual pay package for graduates this placement season has not exceeded Rs 10 lakh; this is even lower for students taking up core engineering jobs. Students say reports of Rs 80-lakh pay packages not only put them under unnecessary stress because of expectations from family and society, but also present an unbalanced picture to aspiring IITians and their families.The pressure to get a high-paying job is intense.A professor from the aerospace department recalled how a parent, after his son cleared the IIT joint entrance exam (JEE), went around various departments asking what the average salary was. \"His son wanted to join the aerospace department but the father was put off by the average salary our past students had received. His son finally opted for electrical engineering,\" he said.For students, placement is a bigger challenge than the JEE. \"It is perceived that every IITian gets multiple offers and is spoilt for choice. Four years ago when I qualified in the JEE, my relatives and family members told me that I would soon be earning in dollars,\" said a final year IIT-B student from the civil engineering department who has not yet been placed. Along with that is the cold fact that not many students from this department get international offers. \"The pressure to live up to their expectations is constantly weighing on me,\" he added.For students who hail from smaller towns, the stress on bagging an international offer is a lot more, claim students. A former dean said he had a lot of trouble convincing a parent who was asking his daughter to not take up a job and wait for something better. The student hails from a small town in Andhra Pradesh and was getting an offer in a leading software company in Bangalore. But her parents wondered how she was offered so little. \"They asked their daughter why she was being offered so little when other students from the institute were getting offers of Rs 80 lakh,\" the ex-dean told TOI.The editors of the institute's in-house magazine 'Insight' have taken it upon themselves to convey the message to all. One of the students on the board said, \"We are planning to take the placement details and publish it after the ongoing phase is over. The figures that are perceived are putting undue pressure on the students. Parents expect a lot from their children, when the reality is that only a few students land up the job that pays between Rs 60-80 lakh.\"He added, \"This year, only one student got the highest offer on the campus. The average is not more than Rs 11 lakh for students from the computer science department and even less for the ones from the core engineering departments.\"The institute never reveals the official pay packages of its students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17419627", "title": "Don't kill freedom of speech", "text": "The government must reframe our information technology laws to safeguard citizens' rights In June 2012, i had written an article in this paper where i had pointed out the clear and present danger to our constitutional guarantee of free speech by the government's approach to 'managing' the many opinions and views on the internet \u00e2\u20ac\u201d through, amongst other things, a vague and draconian legal framework, the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines) Rules, 2011. I first raised this issue of internet censorship in Parliament in March 2011 as a Zero Hour Mention.Along with many other Indians, i am mystified by our government's approach both to the internet and to the millions of Indians using it. It defies logic and does not adhere to the values of our republic and democracy. Governments everywhere have the same instinctive fear of the internet \u00e2\u20ac\u201d because it represents free and unfettered views, and, unlike conventional media which is vulnerable to coercion, is completely unmanageable for the establishment. And that, predictably, makes governments try to fetter this free and vibrant medium; a natural instinct for those in power who fear being challenged.This misuse of vague rules has now started coming home to roost. The Shaheen Dhada case \u00e2\u20ac\u201d she was arrested along with a friend under Section 66A of the IT Act as well as other sections of the IPC on the basis of a Facebook post she had made \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has clearly outraged the country.Attempts are being made, of course, to blame the local police and the complainant for such a heavy-handed action. The Maharashtra government has suspended two policemen who carried out the arrest for booking Shaheen and her friend under \"wrong sections\". The judge who granted bail to the two girls has also been transferred. However, all this is missing the point.This complaint and the complainant would not have a leg to stand on if it were not for the vagueness of the IT Rules. The basic tenet of any rule is that it should be precise in terms of the scope and action of the crime that it is to deter and punish. Failing that, laws will always be subject to interpretative action and overreach by vested interests and frivolous complainants.It is precisely in this area that the IT rules fail. They are vague and it's not clear who they intend to punish; this can lead to tremendous amounts of discretionary power being handed to complainants and the often inexperienced poli-cing authorities.Given this, they represent a serious risk to our democracy and are now widely perceived as intimidation of citizens and entrepreneurs by the government, established political and business interests and religious and cultural bigots. They are also violative of the constitutional rights of the freedom of speech and expression of internet users in the country. To cite such one example of their ambiguity, they do not define the term 'grossly harmful'. Although the IT minister believes that such terms cannot be precisely defined, the fact is that their presence gives far too much room for interpretation to the authorities.In August 2011, my colleague in Parliament, P Rajeeve, introduced a motion to repeal these rules. At the end of a good debate on this subject, the IT minister gave an assurance that he would call a meeting of members and stakeholders and implement the consensus that emerged. The motion was negated based on that assurance. In August 2012, one year after the debate, the minister convened one meeting, but the rules remain unamended even now. This matter needs to be addressed on an urgent basis, for which i propose to file a PIL in the Supreme Court.The dangers about the likely use of discretionary powers has been highlighted by US Supreme Court judge Harry A Blackmun who said: \"By placing discretion in the hands of an official to grant or deny a licence, such a statute creates a threat of censorship that by its very existence chills free speech.\" Therefore, there is no doubt in my mind, as in the minds of millions of our young countrymen and women, that these rules need to be changed and reframed.Rules are required, but they should be created through multi-stakeholder consultations. The rule-making body must have the ability to genuinely engage and accept diverse views while making guidelines. It must also be specific where restrictions on citizens are concerned in order to eliminate the possibilities of misuse.The way forward is to have a group of experts or a committee working together to aid the IT ministry and concerned MPs in outlining how the language of the rules may be changed. Based on these discussions and drawing from the industry and our premier academic institutions experienced with questions of law, technology and regulation, such a group can work with the government to put out their final draft on the internet in a time-bound manner. This is an important process without which we will remain exactly where we are today.So annul the current rules and replace them with a set that we as a nation can be proud of \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one that is consistent with our core values of liberalism and democracy.The writer is a member of Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568750", "title": "Replacing Ragini was a challenge: Vindhya Tiwari", "text": "Television actress Vindhya Tiwari says stepping into the shoes of Ragini Nandwani, who played the protagonist in \" Mrs. Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuein\", was a huge challenge.\"I was a little skeptical about replacing Ragini as Lovely. There was a lot of pressure and expectations were also high. But I took it as a challenge and by god's grace, I have been accepted well by the audience,\" Vindhya told IANS.\"Getting into the character was not difficult as I am a lot like her in real life. I just had to work a little on my body language,\" she added.The actress had her first brush with small screen in \"Ghar Ek Sapna\". She was later seen in shows like \"Agle Janam Mohe Bitiya Hi Kijo\" and \"Maryada: Lekin Kab Tak\".Vindhya hails from Varanasi, and her decision to try her luck in showbiz didn't go down too well with her father.\"It wasn't easy to convince my father to allow me to get into the showbiz industry, but my mother was very supportive and somehow we managed to convince him to let me go to Mumbai. He often used to say, 'leave it and comeback',\" she said.\"After he saw my shows and the love I received from people, he is happy now. I have also learnt a lot from my stint so far,\" added Vindhya, who was earlier studying genetic engineering.Vindhya finds it promising and encouraging that actresses from small towns are getting a break in showbiz.\"It is great to see that so many actresses are being offered such good work in television. I know the kind of restrictions that they have to face. It feels great to see that people's outlook is changing,\" said the 23-year-old.\"There is exploitation in every professional field. And at that point it is your roots and values that help you the most,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17566301", "title": "Youths pledge to uphold human rights", "text": "SHILLONG: Youth from various northeastern states, who had converged here on the occasion of Human Rights Day on Monday, took a solemn pledge to protect human rights in the region.Activists from Arunachal Pradesh , Assam , Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland and Tripura and the Commission on Justice, Peace and Creation and National Council of Churches in India took part in a workshop on \"Building Community with Human Rights and Dignity for Peace\" from December 7 to 10.They pledged to work for the rights of women , youth, children, minorities, persons with disabilities, indigenous people, poor and marginalized people to make their voices heard as well. \"We further pledge to be actively engaged with the policy-makers, those in authority, corporate bodies and civil society for promoting and protecting the rights of all without prejudice and discrimination,\" the youth said in unison.They added, \"We also call upon all stakeholders and those concerned to strive for promoting rights by being progressive, proactive and constructive measuresfor prosperity and justice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564709", "title": "States alerted on grid safety", "text": "NEW DELHI: Learning from last winter's experience when Northern Grid faced frequent troubles due to overdrawal by some states to meet peak winter demand, Northern Regional Load Dispatch Centre (NRLDC) has decided to take no chances. A high-level meeting in late November discussed winter preparedness of the northern region (NR) constituents, with a number of issues related to grid security coming up.Delhi is one the NR constituents and has to face disruption in power supply due to trippings in the grid caused by indiscipline by neighbouring states. To ensure the winter months pass peacefully, NRLDC has issued directions to all states. All work related to insulator cleaning at all vulnerable locations has to be completed by early December and any planned shutdowns of transmissions lines are to be avoided from December to February. To prevent problems during an unexpected breakdown, an alternative path for incoming/outgoing feeder has to be ensured at substations. Generating stations have been told to monitor the power flow in transmission lines. \"In case of tripping/overloading, generation backing down shall be carried out without waiting for operation code from NRLDC or the respective state load dispatch centre ,'' said an official.Directions have been issued to keep tabs on voltage control with special emphasis on maintaining voltage flow at nightwhen power consumption tends to dip during winter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568630", "title": "I realised pretty late that I could act: Emraan Hashmi", "text": "Actor Emraan Hashmi says that it wasn't until someone pushed him that he realised he could act and make acting his profession.\"I realised pretty late in life when someone pushed me and eventually I realised that it is something that I can do as a profession,\" the 33-year-old said at an event.Emraan says he always had an inclination towards arts, but couldn't pursue it further.\"Since school days, I had a liking for arts and crafts, but I didn't take it further. I should have. But eventually, I came back to a certain form of art - acting,\" he said.Emraan is currently shooting for \" Ghanchakkar\" with Vidya Balan and will also be seen in \" Ek Thi Daayan\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17565973", "title": "BBM student found dead in lake", "text": "BANGALORE: A 20-year-old second-year BBM student of Lora college in BTM Layout, was found dead in Tattagere lake, Harohalli, on Monday morning.Passersby alerted Harohalli police on seeing the floating body at 8am. With the help of his college identity card, the cops identified the deceased as Anjanappa Venkatesh , resident of Jigade village near Anekal.According to Anjanappa's father Venkateshappa and mother Ratnamma, their son left for college on Saturday morning. \"Like any other day, he took a private bus to college . It's only when he failed to return in the evening that we got worried. His mobile phone too was switched off,\" Venkateshappa, a small-time farmer, told Harohalli police.Besides his parents, Anjanappa is survived by two elder brothers who work in private factories. Venkateshappa suspects that Anjanappa might have been murdered. \"There are injuries on his neck, hand and legs. But I have no idea of any enemies as he was an innocent boy,\" he said Police said they have registered a case of suspicious death. \"It could be a case of suicide also. The injuries seem to have occurred as fishes had eaten body parts. We are waiting for the autopsy report to determine the exact cause of death\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17566144", "title": "Commonwealth Parliamentary Association nurturing politicians for 60 years", "text": "NAGPUR: A unique initiative by Maharashtra Legislature is seeking to prepare future politicians in the country. Commonwealth Parliamentary Association (CPA) of Maharashtra's Legislature that will be celebrating its diamond jubilee this year has been providing training on legislative behaviour and skills to postgraduate students of political science and public administration.Dignitaries like assembly speaker Dilip Walse Patil and state BJP chief Sudhir Mungantiwar were once the part of this platform that helped them take big strides in politics. CPA's state branch, founded in 1952, has a special relation with Orange city, as the workshop has been organized for the students every year during winter session here. \"This will be 42nd batch of students to become a part of historic celebrations,\" PRO of Maharashtra Legislature Secretariat Nilesh Madane told TOI.CPA began life in 1911 as Empire Parliamentary Association. It was rechristened in 1948 as CPA with its headquarters in London. The association is now active at national, state provincial and regional levels though 160 branches with over 15,000 members elected to various parliaments and state-level legislatures. Madane added that Maharashtra was first state in India to establish a CPA branch and had conducted varied activities through it. \"Then chief minister of Bombay Morarji Desai moved a resolution on July 15, 1952, for setting up this branch,\" he said.Nearly 80 students along with their teachers from 10 universities have arrived to participate in this year's batch. The PRO informed their lodging and boarding expenses will be borne by the government. Each university has been allowed to bring six students with a teacher, but for Nagpur University, 15 students were permitted as they don't need stay in government accommodation.\"Nagpur was selected because in this season, there are no exams and students can spare time. Even the weather remains good. This is not possible in Mumbai,\" Madane added.Legislative council chairman Shivajirao Deshmukh and assembly speaker Dilip Walse Patil are co-chairmen of the Maharashtra CPA branch. \"The parliamentary system is introduced to the participants through these workshops. The speakers are having first hand experience of parliamentary democracy and they have contributed towards strengthening this system,\" he informed.Madane termed this year's winter session as historic one on five counts, including it being centenary of laying of foundation stone for Vidhan Bhavan in Nagpur. \"It was laid in 1912 and first session was held in this august House on August 16, 1916,\" he said.Highlights of this year's historic session:* Platinum jubilee of Maharashtra Legislature* Birth centenary of architect of modern Maharashtra Yeshwantrao Chavan* Birth centenary of green revolution in state Vaasantrao Naik* Diamond Jubilee year of CPA Maharashtra branch* Centenary of laying of foundation stone for Vidhan Bhavan in NagpurCM to inaugurate 42nd batch on Dec 12CM Prithviraj Chavan will be inaugurating CPA's 42nd batch on Wednesday at Vidhan Bhavan. There will be workshops and lectures for the participants from 8.30 to 10.30am every day. On Thursday, cooperation and parliamentary affairs minister Harshwardhan Patil will address the students along with former assembly Speaker Arun Gujarathi on law making process. On Friday, leader of opposition in council Vinod Tawde and deputy speaker Vasant Purke will speak on role of opposition. On Saturday, the participants would be taken on tour to Chandrapur Super Thermal Power Station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17566110", "title": "70% of snakebite victims are young", "text": "MYSORE: Dr Jaideep C Menon, a cardiologist attached to CMC (Vellore), expressed dissatisfaction over the alleged apathy of the government regarding snakebite treatment in India, on Monday.\"In India, over 50,000 victims, majority of them farmers, die every year. Yet, there is no separate programme to address this issue. The government has turned a blind eye towards it. Government is spending over Rs 100 crore for tuberculosis control programme, but does not reserve any funds for snakebite management,\" Jaideep told TOI on the sidelines of the three-day national seminar on snakebite management, which began here on Monday.Quoting reports, he claimed that Australia, despite having the deadliest snake ( Taipan) in the world, has a mortality rate that is below 100. Even in the US, the mortality rate is less than 100. This is because of the advancement in treatment and medical facilities in these countries.\"As per our study, over 70% victims are in 20-50 age group, and are breadwinners. Snakebites are high in Karnataka, West Bengal, Rajasthan, Kerala, Orissa, and Tamil Nadu,\" said Jaideep.\"Though India has made advancement in various fields on a par with other countries, we have not achieved any progress in snakebite management. We have to develop monovalent ASVs as the currently used polyvalent ASVs are a composition of four snake anti-venoms,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17564783", "title": "Delhi-Vizag morning flight sought", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Minister of state for commerce and industry, D Purandeswari has urged Union minister of civil aviation Ajit Singh to consider the longstanding demand for a separate morning flight from Delhi to Visakhapatnam. The minister has sought a morning flight from Delhi to Visakhapatnam terminating at Bhubaneshwar and resuming its return journey in the evening from the Odisha capital to the national capital via Vizag.Purandeswari said that even though Air India operates a flight between Vizag and Delhi, it was inconvenient for most passengers as they lose an entire working day due to the timings. She urged the civil aviation minister to consider the demand as Vizag is a fast growing city with innumerable industries, educational hubs and naval base.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17565929", "title": "Education in the post-internet world", "text": "The internet has been the greatest single disruption in the way we create, organize, access, process and recirculate knowledge. The idea that knowledge, could be accumulated, assimilated, stored permanently, and made accessible free of cost for the most part, at the click of button anywhere in the world, is a truly radical one. When such a discontinuous new mode of knowledge gathering and sharing becomes so widely available, one would expect, even without being an expert in the field, for it to have a farreaching impact on a whole range of human endeavours, particularly those that have something to do with knowledge gathering. It is curious then that the way children are educated in this country has not changed significantly, even after the advent of the internet. To be sure, there are many schools that use computers, and several which encourage students to take up projects which call for the use of the internet, but few fundamental changes have been made, and the classroom of today does not seem to have changed all that much from that of an earlier generation.Take, for instance, some of the questions that were asked in the Class X social sciences paper for CBSE students in Delhi last year. \"When did the United Nations adopt the guidelines for consumer protection? Was it 1983, 1984, 1985 or 1986?\" \"Mention any two inland waterways of India. Write any three characteristics of each\".\" \"Explain any three facts about the new economic situation created in India by the World War I.\" \"Explain any four points about Gandhiji's ideas of satyagraha.\" The implicit mental model at work here seems to be of education being a collection of discrete factoids that can be counted and objectively reproduced. The idea that knowledge about satyagraha, for instance, can be summed up by 'any four points' about it tells us that in this world view, knowledge need not rest within any larger context, nor must it help in building any perspective or point of view.The current education system has been founded on some assumptions about the nature of knowledge and its availability and the need to create it anew for every successive generation. Apart from its more functional use, that of making individuals suitable to pursue professions later in life, the role of education, in particular school education, is to give the newer generation a map of the world - not merely one that is physical and temporal, but one that gives a sense of its shape and its mechanisms, an understanding of how things work and how they fit together and how one is part of a larger reality. The reason why all subjects are studied up to a point before specializationbegins to occur is that a fundamental grasp of the world in its entirety is thought essential. School education is an elaborate form of batonpassing from all the preceding generations to the latest one. The only way so far to download previously gathered understanding about the world into the 'blank slate' that is the mind of the younger generation was by breaking up knowledge into subjects, creating a sequential hierarchy of information, drumming in facts by repetition, and testing for knowledge retention by way of exams. New technologies that made some aspects of this learning redundant, like the calculator for instance, have been used sparingly, for the desire is to ensure that essential skills for grasping the world are not lost.The coming of the internet has changed some assumptions dramatically. The anxiety about losing knowledge in the cracks that exist between generations can no longer be as pressing. The internet is a living granary of knowledge that is permanent. It is a product of interlinked minds that allows for any individual to pursue curiosity in a free-flowing, nonlinear way. It mimics the process through which we really learn - not through books alone, but by combining experience, curiosity, failure and factual knowledge iteratively. There are some who see the internet as a substitute for mainstream education, the popularity of online learning is evidence of that possibility, but the stronger role of the internet is in transforming secondary education, by allowing it to focus its energies on higher-order purposes. By itself, the internet may not be sufficient in fostering learning; the need for a teacher as well as a structure that builds some discipline continues to be vital. Learning does not take place through the access to knowledge alone, and for all its power, the internet is not a complete and self-contained instrument of teaching.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564920", "title": "Smuggling fake currency from Pakistan to India is a terror act: NIA", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Monday told the Supreme Court that bail should not be granted to persons engaged in circulating high value fake Indian currency notes printed in Pakistan as it amounted to an act of terror intended to destabilize India's economy.It said such high quality fake Indian currency notes (FICN), which were difficult to detect by the naked eye, were seized throughout the country - three places in Kerala, Kolkata, Bhopal, two places in Bihar and also from Punjab - and claimed that it was an attempt to destabilize the country's economy and create doubt in the minds of citizens about the genuineness of legal tender.Alarmed by the grant of bail to one Dhiren Ghosh of Malda district by Bombay High Court, the NIA appealed against it in the apex court and additional solicitor general Harin Raval mentioned before a bench of Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and Justices S S Nijjar and J Chelameswar for an urgent hearing. The court said it would hear the appeal on Wednesday.Importantly, the NIA equated circulation of fake Indian currency notes with terror acts and termed it an offence under Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA), which means that grant of bail in such cases should be an exception rather than the rule.\"The willful smuggling and circulation of high quality FICN printed in Pakistan into our country with the direct intent to threaten the economic security, sovereignty and integrity of India is tantamount to a 'terror act' committed by other means to cause damage and destruction of India's legal tender, which is a property of government of India and monetary system, thereby threatening the economic security and sovereignty of the country,\" NIA said through counsel Padmalakshmi Nigam.It said the network for smuggling FICN was seized from Chengamanadum Nadakkavu and Kochi (in Kerala), Bettiah and Raxaul (Bihar), Kolkata (West Bengal), Bhopal (Madhya Pradesh) and Nawanshehr (Punjab). An expert committee, which examined the fake currency, said, \"The process of printing and paper make, both in FICN and legal tender of Pakistan, is same.\"The NIA said, \"The seized FICN was either smuggled directly from Pakistan or through transit routes like Nepal, Bangladesh and Dubai. The issue of distributing and smuggling of FICN is increasingly becoming a matter of grave concern for the investigating agencies.\"Willful circulation of such high quality FICN printed abroad and smuggled into the country is with the sole intention to threaten, deplete, erode and undermine the economic security and sovereignty of India and hence is tantamount to a terrorist act under Section 15 of UAPA.\"dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17565487", "title": "Book on Sikh shrines in Pak presented to PM", "text": "LUDHIANA: Leading businessman of the city Ranjodh Singh, president of Ramgarhia Educational Council and Punjab Lalit Kala Akademi, presented the first copy of his book 'Nankana Sahib and Sikh Shrines in Pakistan' to the Prime Minister during the latter's visit to Punjab Agricultural University (PAU).Ranjodh said, \"The valuable book comprises a vivid description of Gurdwara Sri Nankana Sahib, Gurdwara Sri Baal Lila Sahib and other Sikh shrines related to the life of Guru Nanak Dev. This book is written in three languages English, Hindi and Punjabi.\" \"It is replete with illustrative pictures of the shrines. This book will serve as a strong link for the whole Sikh community, creating awareness among them about the rich Sikh religious heritage in Pakistan .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17566314", "title": "DMRC, KMRL consensus soon", "text": "KOCHI: The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) is moving closer to accepting Kerala's demand for assuming a prominent role in the execution of the Kochi Metro rail project.\"Now there is a closer alignment between Kerala's demands and the position of DMRC. We are hopeful of reaching a consensus soon,\" Elias George, managing director of the Kochi Metro Rail Ltd (KMRL), told TOI over phone from New Delhi.He said secretary level discussions for preparing the draft MoU on the terms of engagement of DMRC and KMRL in executing the Metro project were concluded in New Delhi on Monday.Chief secretaries of Kerala and Delhi as well as top officials of DMRC and KMRL had taken part in the discussions.\"The draft would spell out the roles of both DMRC and KMRL in executing the project. It would be finalised later this week or early next week,\" George said.The draft will be prepared jointly by DMRC MD Mangu Singh and KMRL MD Elias George. KMRL and DMRC would then sign the MoU for executing the project, he said. According to official sources, DMRC has been insisting earlier that KMRL, which has been formed as a special purpose vehicle (SPV) for the Metro project, should bear the ultimate responsibility for the projectHowever, the Kerala government has been demanding that DMRC, which has the track record of implementing Metro rail projects, should play a greater role in the execution of Kochi Metro project as well. The Kerala side felt this would be helpful for the timely execution of the project.Meanwhile, the Ernakulam district administration announced that the survey for determining the boundaries of Aluva-Edappally stretch of the national highway as part of the Kochi Metro rail construction would begin on Wednesday.The survey would be led by two teams comprising ten members each and will be completed in two weeks, an official release said.District collector Sheik Pareeth said land acquisition for the Metro rail project on the MG Road would begin soon. Already 17 plots have been handed over to DMRC on the Banerjee Road as part of the preparatory work.The whole area will be about 30 cents, and Rs 17 crore have been handed over already as compensation. Another 30 cents would be acquired from Banerjee Road area within a week, the collector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17565970", "title": "Government campaign to bring dropouts back to school", "text": "BELGAUM: The state government on Monday launched a 'special census of children', a campaign to identify children who have stopped going to schools after getting admission and failed to attend classes in the past 60 days.The campaign, aimed at bringing students back to schools, will continue for a week. A team of primary teachers, anganwadi workers, and NGO volunteers will visit houses in their respective villages and take steps to bring dropouts, if any, back to schools. According to the education department, 72,365 students dropped out of schools in 2008-09 in the state. It was 35,637 in 2009-10, 11,1218 in 2010-11 and 3,9841 in 2011-12. Koppal, Raichur, Bidar and Gulbarga registered the highest number of dropouts.Primary and secondary education minister Visveshwar Hegde Kageri informed the legislative council on Monday that the government has already implemented many schemes like school-based special training, tent schools for children belonging to nomadic tribe, NCLP schools for child labourers and UDC scheme for urban children to reduce number of school dropouts. Besides, there is a 12-month special training for children of the shelter-less people.\" Measures have been taken to encourage poor children, including those from SC/ST and minority communities, to attend classes. To attract children towards schools, we are giving free textbooks, notebooks, bicycles, mid-day meal and hostel facilities,\" he added. Umesh, nodal officer of the campaign in Dharwad district, told TOI that they will visit all houses in the district to get details of school dropouts.\"We will submit our final report to the government in a few weeks. Our teams will meet each family and get details of children aged between 6 and 14,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17563435", "title": "Cases of human rights violation double in a year", "text": "RANCHI: The state has registered almost 100% rise in cases of human rights violation in the current calendar year compared to the same period last year. According to data provided by Jharkhand State Human Rights Commission (JSHRC), the number of such reports received by the commission in 2011 was 380 while the figure has already touched 759 this year.JSHRC sources said the rise in number of complaints received by JSHRC is because of awareness among the masses.\"People have become aware of their rights and they approach us for help the moment they face any problems. This is the main reason for such a huge rise in the number of cases this year,\" he said.JSHRC chairman justice Narayan Roy said the commission took up five cases suo motu in 2011 and 15 in 2012.\"The commission is here to help every individual who has any problem with police, administration or even with individuals. People can approach us for redressing grievances and we also help victims of police atrocities, dowry torture and child labour. An individual tortured for belonging to a particular community or caste can also approach the commission for help,\" said Roy.He added that the commission is also there to help victims of sexual exploitation, fake encounters or those related to human rights violation in jail during trial or after conviction.\"We have been receiving complaints from various quarters and have always tried to dispose them at the earliest. In 2011, we disposed 372 cases of the 380 received by the commission. This year, we have already disposed 510 cases,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17564948", "title": "Sufi &amp; mystic festival in Raipur on Dec 12", "text": "RAIPUR: The lovers of Sufi and mystic music are in for a big treat as the Chhattisgarh Tourism Board is bringing Mumbai based Banyan Tree's famous \"Ruhaniyat\", All India Sufi and Mystic Music festival, to Raipur on December 12.'Ruhaniyat', the only national festival of its kind, which is now 12-years-old, is best described as a unique musical pilgrimage, the call of the soul that enlivens centuries of spiritual wisdom. The immortal works of great mystics are brought to life by mostly unheard of but immensely talented carriers of living traditions from remote parts of the country.Conceived and directed by Mahesh Babu way back in the year 2001 in Mumbai, the 12 glorious years of the festival has indeed been very special. The festival has been presented in several cities, including Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Chennai, Pune and Bengaluru.A Banyan Tree press release said that this year the festival is travelling to Raipur and Ahmedabad which makes it a nine city festival.Supported by Chhattisgarh Tourism Board, Ruhaniyat will feature some unique art forms like Mystic Ravanhatta ensemble from Rajasthan, Dancing Dervishes from Egypt, Sufi Qawwali from Hazrat Nizamuddin Dargah, Delhi etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "eknath khadse, leader of opposition", "code": "17566210", "title": "Voices on Ajit Pawar", "text": "Eknath Khadse, leader of opposition: I want to know whether this government wants to violate Aurangabad high court's judgment. Ajit Pawar himself had approached HC seeking removal of Gopinath Munde as DCM. The court had said that DCM was not a constitutional post. Pawar does not hold any portfolio so how was he sworn in. Moreover, he has not been cleared of corruption charges.Nawab Malik, NCP spokesperson: Ajit Pawar is not without a portfolio. The party will give them after the winter session. Pawar had never said that he will not regain his post until the government gives him clean chit but only until the white paper is published. The white paper is not a clean chit to anybody but only a status report.Jayant Patil, PWP MLC: Ajit Pawar has no right to become the leader of the House because his appointment is illegal. As per judgment of Aurangabad high court deputy chief minister's post is not statutory. The DCM whoever he is has to take oath as a cabinet minister. For that he has to have a portfolio. Ajit Pawar had none when he was sworn in. So I refuse to accept him as the leader of the House. Hon. Chairman (Shivajirao Deshmukh) you must take a decision as per law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568512", "title": "Premgi - Lakshmi Rai do it again", "text": "After having rocked the audience with his dance skills in a song sequence 'Balle Lakka' with the Lakshmi Rai in the film 'Mankatha', Premgi is all set to do it again with the sexy actress in the upcoming movie 'Onbadhula Guru'. The film is an out and out commercial entertainer written and directed by newcomer P. T. Selvakumar starring Vinay, Anjali and Lakshmi Rai in the lead roles.The song sequence in ' Onbadhula Guru ' was shot in a club set and Premji was in a jean, red t shirt and white jacket and Lakshmi Rai in a black sexy dress. Looks like Premji would be bringing out more of his dance skills as he did in 'Mankatha'. Also dancing in the song are Vinay and Aravind Akash.'Onbadhula Guru' is about the adventurous trip that five guys take together, and what happens to them during their expedition. Premji, Aravind Akash, Sathyan and Jagan play important roles in the film and Jiiva will appear in cameo in this comedy caper.The youngster K who composed tracks for ' Mugamoodi ' and ' Yuddham Sei ' is composing the music for ' Onbadhula Guru '.Image Courtesy:  Premji's twitter page", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17565680", "title": "Newborn found abandoned in shopping bag", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A newborn was found abandoned in a big-shopper bag that was hung from a tree near the Neyyattinkara railway station on Monday morning. The five-day old girl was rescued by local police after they received a call from a man at around 5.30am informing of a big-shopper hung on a tree.Local police said they rushed the baby to the nearby Neyyattinkara Government Hospital. \"The baby was given first-aid and was taken to SAT Hospital at Thiruvananthapuram in a 108 ambulance. She weighed 1.25kg. Doctors said the baby was born around five days ago and her condition is stable. The baby is now in the hospital nursery,\" said the officer.According to the police, the baby was wrapped in clean clothes and was found from a place which is usually occupied by migrant labourers and nomads.Nirmala Shishu Bhavan authorities have been informed of the incident and it is hoped they would take the child from the hospital soon, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17566139", "title": "Illegal mining case: CBI court grants bail to Yeddyurappa, aides", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after the launch of his new party in Haveri, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa got a much-needed reprieve: the CBI court granted him bail in an illegal mining kickback case. While imposing certain conditions, CBI judge MC Biradar on Monday granted bail to Yeddyurappa, his sons BY Raghavendra and B Vijayendra, son-inlaw RN Sohan Kumar and former minister Es Enn Krishnaiah Setty. Biradar directed the accused to furnish a personal bond of Rs 2 lakh each and surety of the like sum. The court told them to appear before it on each date of hearing, not to tamper with prosecution witnesses , surrender their passports and not leave the country without its permission.The next hearing will be on January 29. The court granted bail after it was convinced that the accused won't tamper with prosecution witnesses and there wasn't any possibility of their absconding. The court also observed that the investigation was already over in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17565823", "title": "SC notice to Maharashtra in Yunus case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Supreme Court on Monday issued notice to the state government and nine Mumbai policemen for the alleged custodial death of Khwaja Yunus, an accused in the 2002 Ghatkopar blast.The court was hearing a SLP challenging the April 10, 2012 order of the Bombay HC, rejecting his mother Asiya Begum's plea to prosecute 10 policemen, including late Arun Borude. The HC had raised compensation to Rs 20 lakh for \"violation of fundamental rights'' of Yunus and his mother.Asiya Begum's advocate Mihir Desai argued that this was a case where sanction should have been granted. \"There were eyewitnesses to the custodial torture and the CID report said the remaining policemen should be prosecuted, '' said Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564848", "title": "Rahul Gandhi to spearhead Congress campaign in 2014", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a further confirmation of Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi's growing role, the party on Monday said the leader will head UPA's campaign in the 2014 Lok Sabha election.Congress spokesperson P C Chacko reiterated that Rahul will be assuming an \"important responsibility\" in the party although a decision on the party's prime ministerial candidate will only be taken after the next national election.Formalities apart, it is evident that if Congress is in a position to claim the PM's post, Rahul is the only choice. In a TV interview, Ahmed Patel, political secretary to Congress chief Sonia Gandhi, said the leader will definitely lead the ruling coalition's campaign.Indicating Rahul's increasing involvement in party affairs, Patel said he found no difference between the leader and Sonia. Both leaders were involved in assessing, issuing directions and implementing party policies. \"I see no difference between them,\" he said.Chacko made it clear that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is expected to complete his term in 2014. \"This has no relation. He is the prime minister. This government will continue till 2014. He is the prime minister till 2014,\" Chacko said.On Sonia's role after Rahul takes up a much anticipated party position, Chacko said, \"She is the president now. She will be the patron. She will be the supreme leader of the party. The party is overwhelmingly in favour of Rahul Gandhi taking a larger responsibility. He was not very willing. Now he has agreed to it. He will lead UPA's election campaign for 2014.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17563586", "title": "Nabi to be out of action for six weeks", "text": "KOLKATA: Mohun Bagan's Syed Rahim Nabi, who had to be rushed to hospital after being hit on the right temple by a stone during the I-League Kolkata derby against East Bengal on Sunday, underwent surgery at a private hospital on Monday afternoon.According to the medical bulletin issued by the hospital, \"Nabi's fractured zygomatic bone fixed internally by four-hole titanium plate with four screws.\"The surgery, conducted by Dr SN Singh and Dr Rajashree Banerjee, took an hour and 20 minutes. Nabi was learnt to be stable after the surgery and is expected to be discharged within six days. The footballer , though, will be out of action for at least six weeks.Mohun Bagan coach Karim Bencherifa, senior East Bengal official Debabrata Sarkar and several players like Tolgay Ozbey, Mehrajuddin Wadoo, Ishfaq Ahmed, Dipendu Biswas and Sushant Mathew visited the midfielder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17563903", "title": "Novelist Ashwini Bhatt dies in US", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ashwini Bhatt, a popular Gujarati novelist, breathed his last at Dallas in the US on Monday as per Indian time. Bhatt, 76, is survived by his wife Niti and son Neel.He is credited as the Gujarati novelist who brought the young readers back to novels and started the trend of fast-paced plots with a long narrative style. He wrote 12 novels, three novellas and has several translations to his credit.For Gujarati literature lovers, Bhatt is the man who wrote Kati Bandh, a novel that lasted for four years in a Gujarati magazine. He is the same man who effortlessly bridged various genres such as crime, social drama, historic fiction, paranormal, humour and nail-biting thrillers and dished out one immensely popular novel after another.Sources said that Bhatt was a heart patient and had suffered from two cardiac arrests earlier. He was admitted to a hospital a few days back and was put on ventilator from Sunday.In his last interaction with fans and friends in Ahmedabad, he had expressed a wish to write humour novellas on crime genre and a novel titled 'Jal Prapanch' on the backdrop of river Narmada. Bhatt was a known Narmada Bachao Andolan activist.Starting off as a translator for popular English novels of authors like Alistair MacLean in Gujarati, Bhatt soon ascended to the throne of the most read Gujarati novelist in 1980s and 1990s with novels such as Aashka Mandal, Othar, Angaar, Lajja Sanyal and Aayno.Many of his novels included real locations as he used to hunt for it as a location scout for films would.His close friends, while mourning his death, stated that Bhatt lived his life in the same colourful way that he used to employ while writing his many successful novels.\"He could see far into the future. While he was criticized by some for writing long novels, he said that in future, people would make serials and films out of it. And in reality, Kati Bandh became a soap opera. More often than not, his novels were used to boost circulation of the publications experiencing a lean period,\" said a close friend.In the 1990s, he used to get Rs 2500 for every episode of the soap inspired by his work, a landmark on its own. Along with writing novels, he dabbled in a number of trades that only added to his rich bank of observation of human nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17564942", "title": "Two new trains to Shirdi, Chennai", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Two separate pairs of weekly superfast trains from Vizag to Shirdi and Vizag to Chennai will be introduced from December 15.Train number 22869 Visakhapatnam - Chennai will depart Vizag at 7.20 pm on Mondays from December 17 and reach Chennai Central on Tuesday at 8.55 am.In the return direction, train number 22870 will depart from Chennai Central on Tuesdays at 9.10 pm and reach Vizag on Wednesdays at 10.25 am. The inaugural run of train number 22869 will be at 5.45 pm on December 15 from Vizag with open-fast timings and will run in open-fast timings in its return direction from Chennai on December 16. Meanwhile, train number 22801 Visakhapatnam-Shirdi Super Fast Express will depart from Vizag on Thursdays at 9.10 am with effect from December 20 and arrive at Shirdi on Fridays at 12.15 pm (noon).The inaugural run as train number 02801 will be on December 15 at 6 pm at Visakhapatnam with open-fast timings and in the return direction train number 02802 will also run in open-fast timings on December 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17564683", "title": "Tractors exempted from toll tax: Highway minister", "text": "LUCKNOW: Union transport and highway minister CP Joshi on Monday said that the tractors passing through the national highways and expressways are not required to pay toll tax.He was replying to a question put up by RLD MP from Mathura Jayant Chaudhary during the question hour in Lok Sabha.Joshi said that the vehicles registered in 2011 in the districts affected by land acquisition for expressway are required to pay half the toll tax.Chaudhary said that there have been instances, where local villagers are forced to use to the highway in the absence of service lanes. He urged the government not to allocate the contracts to private companies in case there is absence of a service lane in the highway/expressway project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17565288", "title": "Grazing land dispute turns violent, 15 hurt", "text": "AURANGABAD: The long-standing dispute between villagers of Sindhi Sirajgaon on Aurangabad-Mumbai highway and the Pardhi community settlers over the possession of grazing land turned violent on Sunday night.Eight people, arrested on early Monday, for assaulting and setting the huts inhabited by the Pardhi community on fire on Sunday, were sent to police custody till Thursday. The village is around 18 km from Aurangabad.At least 15 people of the Pardhi community including women and children were injured in the assault. They have been admitted to the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH. One of them identified as Sunil Rajat Kale (30) sustained serious injuries and is struggling for life, police said.The Pardhi community and the villagers have had a long-standing dispute over gairan land (grazing ground owned by the government). Police suspect that the complainants may have set their huts on fire themselvesSpeaking to TOI, senior inspector and in-charge of MIDC Waluj police station said, \"We received information that a group of unidentified people had set the huts of the Pardhi community on fire. We reached the spot to find the huts gutted. We rushed the injured to the Government Medical College and Hospital for treatment.\"Sangita Kokesh Pawar (25), one of the victims, lodged a complaint against 20 people, of whom eight have been identified and arrested. They are from Sindhi Sirajgaon, added Nawle.The arrested have been identified as Namdeo Tupe, Laxman Tupe, Kachru Tupe, Pandurang Tupe, Bandu Tupe, Kisan Tupe, Badu Tupe and Vasant Sathe. Police are looking for the other 12 accused who assisted the accused.Nawle said, \"We produced the arrested accused in the court on Monday afternoon, following which the court granted police custody to eight of them till December 13.\"The area is spread over 110 acres of which 60 acres fall under the jurisdiction of Sindhi Sirajgaon, while the remaining 50 acres fall in adjoining Fatulabad. The Pardhi community has been visiting and staying on a portion of the 60 acres of grazing land for generations, said police sources.The state government had regularised 29 acres of the grazing land, following which the community began to occupy for grazing. During their absence, some villagers who have been eyeing the land, tried to illegally take possession.Commissioner of police Sanjay Kumar, deputy commissioner of police (headquarters) Somnath Gharge and assistant commissioner of police Sandeep Bhajibhakre visited the spot.Police said the villagers wanted the land as the rates of the land on Aurangabad-Mumbai highway have soared in the last decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17566362", "title": "Tibetans gather in city on World Human Rights Day", "text": "GUWAHATI: Over 500 Tibetans from different parts of the northeast gathered here on the occasion of World Human Rights Day on Monday to express solidarity with their fellow citizens, who sacrificed their lives for a 'free Tibet' in the Tibetan Autonomous Region.A group of 30 Tibetans from Shillong also walked to Guwahati, covering a distance of over 100 km. as part of the solidarity march.The day was marked by speeches by monks and Tibetan leaders, including the parliamentarian of the Tibetan government-in-exile in Dharamshala, Yangchen Dolkar. In the evening, a candlelight procession was taken out at Dighalipukhri here. People carrying \"Free Tibet\" placards and Tibetan and Indian flags attended the meeting, which was organized by the Tibetan Solidarity Committee, Northeast India (TSCNI). The northeast has approximately 10,000 Tibetans.On Tuesday, they will stage a 12-hour hunger strike at Dighalipukhri. \"Today, Tibetans from different parts of the northeast have gathered here to express solidarity with our fellow countrymen, who are still giving up their lives for the cause of our country, religion and culture,\" Dolkar said.She said Tibet, at present, is not only undergoing military repression from China, but also economic and cultural repressions.\"Tibetans across the world are observing World Human Rights Day to send out the message that there are gross human rights violations in Tibet. We also want to tell the people that China's claim that Tibet is developing is not true. When people are repressed, their human rights are abused, freedom of religion and culture curtailed. The so-called development has no meaning to the Tibetan people,\" Dolkar added.TSCNI said the basic objectives are to restore human rights of Tibetans in Tibet by stopping repression by the Chinese government and the return of His Holiness the Dalai Lama.\"Chinese authorities should immediately release all political prisoners, including Panchen Lama to bring about trust between the government and the people. A neutral international fact finding delegation or the Central Tibet Administration must be allowed to visit Tibet to ascertain the ground realities. Likewise independent international press, representatives of various organizations and tourists must be allowed to visit Tibet freely,\" TSCNI said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17563457", "title": "Locals working as bonded labourers in Ladakh: Kin", "text": "DHANBAD: If a written complaint to the deputy commissioner (DC) of Giridih district by some villagers is to be believed, as many as 21 villagers from Birni and Giridih blocks in Giridih are being forced to work as bonded labourers in Nubra valley of Ladakh in Jammu and Kashmir by two private labour contractors.The relatives complained these 21 men were tricked by Bhikhu Mahto and Jhumar Mahto, labour contractors from Balgo village, with the false promise of employing them in the building construction work in New Delhi. However, they were allegedly taken to Jammu and Kashmir in October this year. The complaint also talked about the plight of these labourers who were denied proper food and wages.These men from Salaiyatand, Bargadha, Khurd, Bhirubeda and Beradih villages were allegedly engaged in stone crushing work at Nubra. Their relatives sought the DC's help in bringing them back to Giridih safely. One of the villagers said, the DC assured to inquire into their complaints and do the needful at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17565615", "title": "5 families residing in Sonar Fort given new plots", "text": "JAISALMER: Having lived in the Sonar Fort premises for generations, the families are now compelled to shift out due to the bad shape of the fort.Even as the state administration continues with its drive to convince the residents of the Sonar Fort to move out, five families - disappointed with the state of the fort and worried about their safety - have decided to vacate the fort.The families were given plots of land on Monday at the Jawahar colony in lieu of their houses. The forefathers of these families hailed from Udaipur and on the invitation of the then ruler, Gaj Singh, had moved into the fort in the 17th century.\"We had never thought we would agree to move out of Sonar. However, we have been forced to do so due to the fort's bad condition which puts the safety of our families at risk,'' said Narpat Singh. He remembers hearing stories of the fort from his father and grandfather.Houses of these families are located in the most hazardous part of the fort, at a higher level which is falling apart. \"The walls of fort near my house have developed cracks and portions of houses which are resting on the fort walls can collapse anytime. In case of natural calamities like earthquakes, the damage would be unimaginable,\" said Narpat Singh.Jai Singh, son of Heer Singh, had tears in his eyes as he spoke about his decision to shift out. \"My family is at risk and the only option we have is to move out. Repair and extension work is not allowed so what else can we do?'' says Jai Singh. With increasing commercial activities and roof tent restaurants coming up around his house, the privacy of his family, too, is at risk.District collector Shuchi Tyagi said, \"The state government has now allocated plots in new housing colony for transferring five families at khidki pada in Sonar Fort. So, now a fresh campaign would be started to persuade the remaining 400 families to move out,'' she said.On Friday, the empowered committee of Sonar Fort will discuss ways to persuade these families. Although it is very difficult and could take a lot of time, but the negotiation strategy will be decided and proposal will be sent to the state government.ASI department Rajasthan incharge archaeologist superintendent Basant Swarnakar said that for conserving and protecting Sonar Fort, the first step would be to control the commercial activities, as it is causing a lot of damage to the fort. He said long time ago also ASI had also requested the state government to shift the fort residents to a new colony.Chandrashekhar Shripat, who runs a hotel in Sonar Fort and also lives there, is strongly protesting the scheme of shifting people from the fort. \"If the fort is vacated then it would collapse. As long as people live here the fort is safe,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17566309", "title": "Thousands pay homage to Mathews Mar Barnabas", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Thousands paid homage on Monday to the former Metropolitan of the Idukki and American dioceses of the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church, Mathews Mar Barnabas, 88, at Mar Kuriakose Dayara, Pampady in Kottayam. The senior Metropolitan breathed his last at Pushpagiri Hospital, Thiruvalla on Sunday morning. The body, now at the Mar Kuriakose Dayara, will be taken to the Orthodox Seminary, Kottayam, by Tuesday afternoon and later to St Peter's and St Paul's Church, Valayanchirangara, near Angamaly. On the way, the body will be kept at Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church Medical Mission Hospital, Kolencherry where he had served as chaplain, for the public to pay their last respects.The body will be interred at a specially constructed crypt at St Peter's and St Paul's Church on Wednesday after morning prayers.The Orthodox Church has declared a holiday for all educational institutions, including professional institutions, under its management on Wednesday. However, examinations will be held as per schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "17565815", "title": "Autorickshaw driver's murder sparks protest", "text": "KARNAL: Murder of an autorickshaw driver provoked a major protest in Budha khera village on the Kunjpura road, Karnal-Yamunanagar highway, on Monday morning. The road remained jammed for more than two hours.Joginder, 35, was murdered during the late hours of Sunday at Budha Khera village. Victim's brother Shiv Kumar alleged that Gulab Singh, a resident of the same village, had called Joginder to his house where he killed him with some sharp-edged weapon. He said that the police were informed but they failed to arrest the accused, which is why relatives and family members blocked the highway. Since the matter was already reported to the police, a team of senior officers arrived at the highway and assured action. Gulab Singh was detained and a case was registered under Section 302 of IPC.According to initial investigation, Joginder And Gulab had some monetary dispute with each other which could have led to the killing. DSP (city) Joginder Rathi said that the motive behind the murder has not been ascertained as yet, however, probe is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17569043", "title": "Yogi to work with Samuthirakani again", "text": "Yogi, who has just wrapped up director Samuthirakani's first Kannada film Yaare Koogadali, is all set to work with the filmmaker again.\"Yes we have decided to work on another project sometime in August that will star me and my brother Mahesh,\" says Yogi. The as-yet-untitled project will not be a home production for the actor and will be made in Kannada, Tamil and Malayalam. \"We are also looking at dubbing it into Telugu,\" he says. But why not just make it in Telugu as well, given that it is being made in three languages already? \"It is not working out according to the budget and hence it will only be dubbed,\" explains the actor.As for the late start to the film, Yogi explains that he has several previous commitments to complete before embarking on this project. \"I have to complete my film with Bhamaa, Ambara first. There are a few songs left to be shot. Thereafter, I have to work on Prachanda , then my film with Shivarajkumar and a couple of other projects before I start work on Samuthirakani's film,\" says Yogi, who also has a film with Ragini Dwivedi, Bangari , up for release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "17564383", "title": "Faridabad wall collapse leaves 4 dead", "text": "FARIDABAD: Four labourers, including two women, were killed, and two other women were injured when a boundary wall of a crusher site plot in Pali-Mohabbatabad crusher zone in Faridabad caved in around 5.30pm on Monday.The incident took place because of the negligence of the driver of an earthmover. He fled from the spot.\"We have filed a complaint of negligence against the owner of the plot and contractor of the site, under Section 304A of the IPC. The identity of the owner hasn't been ascertained yet,\" said ACP Dalbeer Singh, Mujesar police.The local administration is investigating the matter, following which any legal action or compensation will be decided upon. SDM Susheel Sarwan and tehsildar B S Rana visited B K hospital to meet the injured and the family members of the victim.The one-acre Plot No 69 at Pali-Mohabbatabad Crusher Zone is rumoured to be owned by a minister in Haryana cabinet and is rented by Sushil Kumar, a resident of Delhi.According to police, a 12ft boundary wall was being constructed and when the earthmover unloaded sand near the wall, it collapsed, and the six labourers came under it.Satyendra Singh, in charge of the post, Pali police, went to the spot with a team and, with the help of other labourers, tried to pull the victims out. Two of the victims were identified as Kamlavati and Durgavati, who died on the spot. The critically injured women were identified as Vimla and Salma.According to police, a 12ft boundary wall was being constructed and when the earthmover unloaded sand near the wall, it collapsed, crushing six labourers, four of whom died", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "khatia (kanha)", "code": "17566245", "title": "Down on tourism, Kanha tribals pin hope on lantana", "text": "KHATIA (KANHA): With tigers not bringing them enough money, villages on the fringes of the Kanha Tiger Reserve are pinning hopes on lantana, hardy plants that are somewhat toxic and usually rejected by herbivores.Lantana is freely available around Kanha tiger reserve. Tiger Center, a NGO working to provide self-employment to locals by providing vocational training, helped build capacity of 30 Baiga youths last year from a donation of Rs30,000 from environment lover Sukarha Amirapu of New Zealand. The money was given to Centre of Discovery for Village Development (CDVD), Mandla, which trained the youths to make furniture from lantana.\"With tourism not improving their lives, Baigas see hope in lantana. On a trial basis, these youths made 15 products like chair, stool, trays, photo frame, pen stand and other items from lantana. We have also received an order for 50 eco-friendly dustbins from a local NGO,\" said Ashish Kachhwaha, a trainer and volunteer of Tiger Center.\"We don't keep a count about what we are doing but will do hand-handling of Baigas by marketing lantana furniture in Nagpur in a small way. Entire money from sales will go to the stakeholders,\" said Nishikant Mukherjee, a professor working for tribals in 10-12 villages around Kanha.\"Our aim is to become self-reliant and not to be dependent on tourism. Lantana and Baiga dance are better livelihood options,\" said Jitendra Markam and Kuwar Singh Dhurve. Both left studies as there is no higher education facility in Khatia and Mocha.Several women and young girls are also pinning hope on sewing classes in Khatia started in 2005 by the Tiger Center. The center renders free stitching and embroidery training. A diploma is granted from Indian Institute of Fashion Designing (IIFD) to qualifying students. Till now, 60 girls have been trained.\"The diploma also helps in getting micro finance to those wanting to start an independent business. There are 35 women who now have marketable job skills. They can open tailoring businesses to support themselves and their families,\" said Mukherjee.\"My economic condition has improved after I started a tailoring business. I still teach students,\" claimed Nilu Bandewar.Even if NGOs are helping out in a small way, the Baigas and Gonds in villages around Kanha are mostly dependent on resorts for jobs. But after 50 per cent cut in tourism, many lost jobs and there are no fresh employment opportunities.The basic principle of the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) is to provide livelihood opportunities to local communities and promote sustainable use of indigenous materials for tourism activities but this is not being done. Besides, tribal culture and rights so as to minimize negative impacts are also not being protected.\"There is no promotion of Baigas 'Bhoom' dance. Till last season, due to more tourists and subsequent demand we performed in two groups. However, since October this year, due to cut in tourism, we have performed only 10 times,\" remarked Sonsay Baiga, the head of Baiga community.Filed director of Kanha Tiger Reserve JS Chouhan agreed that local culture has to be promoted but said park management has its own limitations and priorities. \"We encourage resort owners to promote cultural heritage of the area. Having said this we also have to be careful enough that local communities are not exploited. For park management protection and conservation is topmost priority,\" Chouhan told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "17563783", "title": "Golden beach fest ends", "text": "BALASORE: Curtains came down on the four-day Golden beach festival at Chandipur-on-Sea on Sunday night amidst musical programmes and fireworks. This festival is being organized for the last 14 years to promote this beach resort.It has attracted a lot of attention over the years with thousands of spectators braving the cold winds to witness the musical programmes.As many as 30 dance performances were staged during the festival for four hours every day. The audience were all praises for artistes of Eastern Zonal Cultural Centre (EZCC) of Kolkata and Songs and Drama division. Odissi performance by Pushipta Mishra and her group, Kathak by Debashish Mukherjee and troupe and comedy adalat by Pupu Pom Pom left the people awe-struck.The stall of the DRDO was a big draw at the fair. The tourists thronged the site displaying missiles, tanks and guns. Over 80 stalls selling handicrafts, household appliances and consumer durables had come up at the fair.Bhogarai MLA Ananta Das urged the organizers to come up with fresh ideas for the festival next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17563930", "title": "Wedding season is Diwali for gold-hunting thieves in city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police suspect organized gangs targeting marriage venues for thefts and have thus asked the organizers and party plot owners to install CCTV cameras to keep an eye on suspicious movements.According to Naranpura police, Bharat Trivedi's son Hiren had got married and his reception was held at Poonam Party Plot at Nava Vadaj when Ami, the bridegroom's sister, went to the stage and kept her purse on a chair. When she came back, she realized her purse was missing. Her cousin Saumil Tripathi, a resident of Gota, registered a case for theft. As per his complaint, the purse contained gold and silver jewellery, a mobile phone and cash, all worth Rs 1.22 lakh.In another incident, a woman who had come to the city to take part in a marriage function lost gold jewellery worth Rs 5.68 lakh in an auto. According to a complaint by Krishna Rabari, a resident of Varacha, Surat, she had been to Patan and had got her mother Jatanben to Ahmedabad on Saturday at 5 pm. The duo took a shuttle auto from Juna Vadaj to reach Chandlodia. Jatanben sat in the back with a bag containing jewellery and Krishna sat in the front. The passengers asked Jatanben to keep the bag near her feet. When the auto reached Akhbarnagar, the driver informed them that the gear wire had broken down and they would have to get down. Later, the duo realized that the bag of jewellery was missing. Krishna filed a complaint for theft against three passengers and the auto driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17564832", "title": "1 killed, 9 injured on Noida e-way", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida-Greater Noida Expressway has rightfully earned the \"killer\" tag as more accidents were reported in the past two days in which an 18-year-old lost his life while nine others were injured in separate incidents. While Noida Authority had proposed a month ago that it would implement a Rs 15 crore Intelligent Traffic System (ITS) to control overspeeding, avoid fatal accidents and reduce traffic congestion, it still remains a proposal and safety of commuters continues to be compromised.The first accident occurred late on Saturday night when three friends, all students from Greater Noida, were travelling in a Toyota Etios. The driver of the car lost control near Sector 144. Police said 18-year old Sangarsh Chauhan, the car driver, hit the central verge of the expressway at great speed after which the vehicle overturned.Passersby rescued the injured and took them to Kailash Hospital in Greater Noida where Sangarsh was declared brought dead. The other two occupants were admitted to the ICU with serious injuries.The second accident also occurred on Saturday night when two bikers were hit by a Honda City car near Greater Noida. Kamal Das and VK Rajan, both residents of Delhi, were injured and taken to a city hospital for treatment.Sunday night too witnessed a three-car pileup on the expressway leaving five people injured, three of whom were seriously hurt while two escaped with minor bruises. The accident occurred when the driver of a Renault Pulse car was speeding towards Greater Noida around 9pm. Police said the driver, Anant, was under the influence of alcohol.When Anant reached near Sector 82 on the expressway, he rammed into a Hyundai Accent car being driven by Pradeep Mishra, a resident of Dadri. A Tata Sumo behind the two cars on its way to Sector 144 from Delhi also crashed into the two vehicles. The Sumo then overturned. An FIR has been registered against Anant, police said.The 23.6km expressway has a long history of fatal crashes since it was thrown open to traffic nearly a decade ago. Commuters say the main reason for innocent lives being lost is due to a lackadaisical attitude of the city's administrators, mismanagement and illegal cuts. To add to the woes, dumpers and trucks are found parked illegally along the expressway leading to accidents.Even though the district administration says that various safety measures are in place, the accidents belie their claims. Police, meanwhile, blame the \"urge to speed on the wide expressway as one of the reasons behind many accidents\". Ironically, no action has been taken to rein in either errant truck drivers or speeding drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17569072", "title": "Reg Travis charged for raping sleeping friend", "text": "Amy Winehouse's boyfriend Reg Traviss allegedly raped a woman friend twice while she was asleep, a court has heard.The 35-year-old film director attacked the woman after she got so drunk that she could not stand, Sky News reported.The film director, who was Winehouse's boyfriend when she died at her home in Camden, north London, in July last year, is facing two counts of rape at Southwark Crown Court.Traviss and the woman, a friend, had been drinking at three bars in London on December 30 last year before going to his home on Marylebone High Street. There she alleges that she twice fell asleep to wake up with him raping her.Kate Lumsdon, prosecuting, said that the complainant remembered Traviss asking her if she wanted to stay at his and she assumed she had said yes.\"His asking that question was the last thing she remembers that evening until woken in his bed because of a sharp pain. She realised he had penetrated her,\" she said.\"She asked what he was doing and told him to stop. He stopped. She was very shocked.\"He offered her a drink. She accepted and remembers it was more alcohol, wine,\" she said.The prosecutor said the pair had a conversation in which Traviss asked her if she just wanted to stay friends with him.\"She said, 'Yeah.' They chatted for about half an hour and she relaxed again.\"She could not process what had happened and could hardly believe it. He was acting as if nothing had happened at all,\" Lumsdon said.Lumsdon said the complainant felt extremely weak and suffered from a blood sugar level condition.She said that Traviss asked if she wanted to go back to sleep, which she did, but woke up to find him raping her again.\"I had this blurry understanding of what was happening and I couldn't understand if it was happening or a bad dream and I just passed out,\" the complainant told the court.\"I can't understand how somebody so nice and gentlemanly could do something like that,\" she said.Traviss has denied the charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17566213", "title": "Party workers put up illegal posters to welcome leaders", "text": "NAGPUR: State's second capital is all set to host the winter session of the legislature from Monday. A majority of leaders, including the chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, deputy CM Ajit Pawar and other senior leaders have already arrived. The rest of the leaders are expected to arrive today.To welcome their leaders, the workers owing allegiance to the various political parties have put up hundreds of illegal hoardings, banners and posters at all the major squares and market places, said some citizens.In blatant violation of the directives of the Nagpur bench of Bomabay High court, the political workers have erected posters and hoardings atop traffic signals and compound walls of various offices on the VIP and other roads.The rapid increase in the number of illegal banners, posters and hoardings in the city points to the lackadaisical attitude of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and the city police. The trend has increased with the onset of the winter assembly session.TOI had been continuously tracking the issue since last year. It had time and again highlighted the fact how HC's orders are being blatantly violated by the law makers. Despite making numerous complaints to the police and also NMC, the residents rue that no action has been taken against the menace.A lawyer, Vinod Tiwari, had recently sent contempt notices to the collector Saurabh Rao, former commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay, NMC commissioner Shyam Wardhane and deputy commissioner Rizwan Siddiqui over the issue. However, the scenario remains the same. The officials are yet to wake up from their deep slumber.Citizens have blamed NMC and the cops for giving an impetus to these illegalities. NGO Parivartan's Dinesh Naidu, who had filed a contempt petition (No 256/2010) a couple of years back, slammed the judiciary for not acting on its own orders despite the fact that such illegal hoardings, welcome gates, arches, and pandals are seen every year during assembly session, festival times and elections.NMC commissioner Shyam Wardhane refused to comment on the issue stating that he is on leave. He diverted all queries to NIT chairman Pravin Darade, who was holding the additional charge of NMC. Even deputy commissioner Rizwan Siddiqui diverted queries on this contentious issue.What does the HC verdict say?Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court while hearing a PIL filed by social worker Manohar Khorgade (6181/2008) clearly ruled that \"no permission even for temporary period shall be accorded by authorities empowered under Nagpur Municipal Corporation Act and/or Bombay Police Act for erecting any pandals, welcome gates, arches, stages of temporary nature or otherwise causing or likely to cause obstruction, disruption or to adversely affect free flow of traffic vehicular or otherwise on any public streets, roads within the area of NMC\". A division bench comprising justices AP Lavande and Pramod Kode had also asked the NMC and police commissioners to ensure that no such structures come up in NMC jurisdiction through their subordinate officers and also fix accountability on them in their respective areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hisar (haryana)", "code": "17568468", "title": "FDI in retail would lead to slavery: INLD", "text": "HISAR (HARYANA): Haryana's principal opposition party INLD on Monday claimed that foreign investment in multi-brand retail would push the country back to pre-Independence era.\"Once multi-brand retail gets fully established in our country, it will lead to slavery once again,\" said Ajay Chautala, while addressing party workers here on Monday.The FDI shall ruin the retail traders of the country. If Walmart can spend whopping amount for merely lobbying... one can easily imagine the future of Indian trade and economy,\" Chautala said.The Congress party is adamant to create the situation of pre-Independence period by inviting the foreign companies, he said.Talking about the recent Walmart issue, Chautala demanded a fair probe into the matter.Chautala said they had been opposing FDI in multi-brand retail as they knew it was not in country's interests and would adversely hit the small farmers and traders.According to the reports filed by Walmart with the US Senate, the company has spent close to USD 25 million (about Rs 125 crore) since 2008 on its various lobbying activities, including on the issues related to \"enhanced market access for investment in India\".He also flagged off the Jan Chetna rally of party workers led by Umed Lohan, district chief of INLD.\"The Congress has become puppet in the hands of multinational companies and its leaders have created a new record in graft,\" the INLD leader alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17566204", "title": "China accuses Dalai Lama of inciting Tibetans", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese police have claimed they have obtained evidence to show that two instigators of self-immolation by Tibetans were acting on the instructions of the India-based Dalai Lama . The move is likely to have implications for India-China relations, observers said.Police have detained a monk, Lorang Konchok, and his nephew for their roles in inciting a series of self-immolations in southwest China's Sichuan Province. Konchok is a 40-year-old-monk at the Kirti Monastery in Aba County in Sichuan, which has been the scene of many anti-government demonstrations and self-immolations.They have been incited eight people to commit suicide, three of whom died, since 2009. The official media said the monk's \"confession and police investigation\" suggested that he was acting on the directions of the Tibetan leader.When someone agreed to commit suicide by burning himself/herself, the two suspects would record his or her personal and family information, take pictures and promise to \"pass the information on to India,\" the police said.China has not yet publicly-suggested that it wants assistance from India in criminal investigations against rebel monks and Tibetans with alleged links with Dharamshala and the Dalai Lama. But this is the first time that the Chinese police is building a criminal case that might implicate the against \"Dalai Lama clique\", as Chinese officials refer to his followers.The monk also promised to spread their \"deeds\" abroad so they and their families would be acknowledged and honored, the police statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17566366", "title": "Direct train between Ekm &amp; Nilambur", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The railways is planning to introduce a new direct train between Ernakulam and Nilambur by clubbing the Ernakulam-Shoranur passenger train and the Shoranur-Nilambur passenger train.At the Divisional Railway Users' Consultative Committee meeting held at Shoranur recently, the divisional railway authorities have decided to recommend a new train to the Southern Railway authorities. The details of the new train is likely to be included in the revised time table to be announced by the Southern Railway soon.There is a long pending demand for a second train from Nilambur to southern districts of the state, after the launching of Rajyarani Express connecting Thiruvananthapuram and Nilambur. At present the Shoranur-Nilambur passenger train leaves Shoranur at 12pm and reaches Nilambur at 1.50pm. The train starts its return journey from Nilambur at 2.30pm and reaches Shoranur at 4.15pm. After this the same train runs as Shoranur-Ernakulam passenger. The passenger train leaves Shoranur at 5pm and reaches Ernakulam at 8pm. The return journey starts at 7.30am the next day and reaches Shoranur at 11am.Now the Palakkad divisional authority has recommended running the passenger train as a direct train from Ernakulam to Nilambur, without halting at Shoranur. At present the passengers are not getting the benefit of the direct train as the train halts at Shoranur for daily maintenance works.The recommendation put forth is to carry out maintenance work of the train at Ernakulam. Slots are available at the maintenance shed there, as special sheds were opened recently at Palakkad and Kollam for the MEMU trains.The representative of Nilambur Rail action council Dr Biju Ninan said the move to introduce direct train from Nilambur to Ernakulam would also help the railways as there would be a gap in time schedule for running goods trains between Angadippuram and Shoranur.At the consultative committee meeting the officials also informed that the railways would complete the electrification works between Shoranur and Mangalore by 2014. The doubling works in Shoranur-Karakkad line would begin soon. The division is planning to run MEMUs in Palakkad-Shoranur-Coimbatore-Thrissur route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17564629", "title": "Lucknow roads set for a smooth facelift", "text": "LUCKNOW: A major part of the city would soon get a facelift as the state government has sanctioned Rs 29.33 crore under Samagra Vikas Pariyojana for repairing worn-out and old roads in the city. Accordingly, roads in areas like Hazratganj, Lalbagh, Aminabad, Kaiserbagh, Aishbagh, Raja Bazaar, Rajajipuram, Talkatora, Charbagh, Kanpur Road, Tedhi Pulia. Thakurganj, Chowk, Hardoi Road, Campbell Road and many other parts of zones 1, 2, 5 and 6 would be repaired on priority basis under this package.The money was sanctioned about one and a half months back, as a part of Rs 100 crore announced by SP government in August for the renovation of damaged roads. The Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC) has confirmed that these roads would be repaired within next six months on an urgent basis.An LMC official confirmed to TOI that \"Out of the sanctioned of Rs 29.33 crore, we have received an initial amount of Rs 11.33 crore from the government for renovating roads of zones 1, 2, 5 and 6 on priority basis. The remaining amount would be given to us after its utilisation.\" About 79 km road length would be repaired in all these zones with this amount. LMC had earlier estimated the total cost of repair to be around Rs 29.73 crore, which after checking by a third party agency, PFAD, came down to Rs 29.33 crore.Reportedly, only zone-3 which includes Aliganj, Mahanagar, Kapoorthala, Vikasnagar and zone 4 which comprises Indiranagar and Gomtinagar have been left out in the in the first phase of the road-repair. \"Hopefully it would be covered in the second phase of repair when we receive second installment of the sanctioned amount\", added the official. Interestingly, the underground parking of Lalbagh area and renovation of Hazratganj which happened about two years ago were also done through funds released under Samagra Vikas during Mayawati's regime.Out of the total chunk, zone-6 which comprises areas like Thakurganj, Chowk, Hardoi Road, Campbell Road, Saadatganj, Kashmiri Mohalla, Dubagga etc., has received the maximum share -- about Rs 16 crore for 39 km of road. Additional municipal commissioner PK Srivastava said, \"We are happy that the government has decided to help us by releasing funds under Samagra Vikas for repairing of roads in the older part of the city. These roads are in bad shape, almost non-usable and need immediate repair. We will ensure that they get constructed in the next six months.\"It is not surprising that three ministers of the SP government -- Ravidas Mehrotra, Rehan Naeem and Abhishek Mishra -- have bagged maximum chunk of this fund for their respective constituencies. Rehan Naeem has got Rs 10 crore sanctioned for the repair work in zones-2 and 6 while Abhishek Mishra, a close aide of Akhilesh Yadav , has got Rs eight crore sanctioned for his area, followed by Ravidas Mehrotra who has got Rs 7.5 crore sanctioned for zones-1 and 2. Among other parties, Congress leader and MLA from Lucknow Cantt Rita Bahuguna Joshi has got Rs 4.5 crore approved for her constituency areas in zones 1, 2 and 5.Zone-1 covers localities like Hazratganj, Lalbagh, Aminabad, Kaiserbagh, Rakabganj, Cantt Road, City Station and has received Rs six crore for a total road length of 16 km. Zone-2 has bagged about Rs 13 crore for 4 km of road-stretch in areas like Aishbagh, Raniganj, Rajajipuram, Talkatora, Charbagh and Raja Bazaar etc. Zone-5 comprising areas like Kanpur Road, Tedhi Pulia, Patelnagar, Kesri Kheda, Gurunanak Nagar, Babukunj Bihari and Ramjilal Nagar would get about Rs 4 crore for 11 km road stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17564682", "title": "Hanukkah gets Israeli band to city shelter", "text": "MUMBAI: Children of Wadala's Don Bosco shelter received a merry introduction to the ongoing Jewish festival of con Don Bosco. Not only did they get to listen to one of the best Israeli musical bands but also received a bag of doughnuts and earned a dance with the consul general no less.The Jewish community explains Hanukkah as the Israeli equivalent of Diwali given that it is the festival of lights. Each day a candle is lit to dispel darkness. The eight-day event marks the victory of good over evil. There are other parallels too. Heavy, oily foodstuff is part of the festival menu, and so is charity.On Monday evening, third day of the season, Israeli consulate officials organized a special celebration at the shelter of the Don Bosco Shelter. Hebrew and English prayers were read on the occasion. \"Each time we invite Israeli artistes to perform, we make sure to take them to the shelter apart from a performance at a mainstream theatre so that the privileged as well as the underprivileged become acquainted with the Israeli culture,\" said consul general Orna Sagiv.Leading Israeli singer Idan Raichel arrived in the city to coincide with Hanukkah, so the Israelis decided to make a night of it. Idan brought the house down at Don Bosco with his band on Monday, prompting the consul general as well as the children to dance.Doughnuts dripping oil that are an essential part of the Hanukkah feast were distributed to every child along with schoolbags that were more utilitarian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17566329", "title": "MCH governing body to be reconstituted", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A government order to reconstitute the hospital development society (HDS) of the Kozhikode Medical College Hospital (KMCH) would be issued in two days. Sources close to health minister V S Sivakumar said the minister has already given a direction in this regard to the state health secretary.The direction has come at a time when the health department had suspended Dr P Muraleedharan Namboodiri from the post of medical college hospital superintendent on Friday over allegations of taking bribe in the appointment of staff, with the help of an HDS staffer. At present the deputy superintendent of casualty has been given the additional charge of superintendent.The health department is expected to appoint a new superintendent for KMCH next week. \"The HDS in Thiruvananthapuram, Kottayam and Thrissur will also be constituted at the earliest,\" said the sources.The last meeting of HDS of the medical college was held in October.HDS is a hospital governing body with district collector as chairman, KMCH principal as vice-chairman and hospital superintendent as secretary. The other official members of the HDS are PWD buildings executive engineer, PWD electrical executive engineer, KSEB engineer, nursing officer, deputy superintendent along with corporation mayor, ward councillor, district panchayat president, MLA, MP, social workers and a representative each of various political parties.Meanwhile, suspended superintendent Muraleedharan Namboodiri said he has received only verbal communication about the termination of HDS in the first week of December.M Mohanan, former non-member of the HDS said that the reconstitution of HDS is necessary to ensure the effective functioning of the medical college hospital. The HDS committee has got the power to revoke the appointment of staff in case of corruption allegations like the present case,'' he said. While A Pradeep Kumar MLA said that he has already brought the issue on the importance of reconstituting HDS to the attention of health minister.\"The minister also given instruction to reconstitute the HDS at the Thiruvananthapuram medical college hospital too,'' Director of Medical Education Dr V Geetha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17565343", "title": "Manual scavenging: I apologize, PM must do the same, says Jairam Ramesh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union Minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh apologised to the nation on the issue of manual scavenging and added that the Prime Minister must too do the same.\"I have to apologise to the country (on the issue of manual scavenging)... I will take your demand to the PM and tell him he should apologise too,\" said Ramesh, speaking at the inauguration of a photo exhibition on manual scavenging also attended by several dalit activists.According to the 2011 census, there are still 2.6 million dry latrines in use in India. \"About 2.3 lakh families must be involved in manual scavenging,\" the minister said.Ramesh faced a volley of tough questions on the practice of manual scavenging and the status of manual scavengers in the country from an irate audience at the Monday media briefing for the exhibition.When a section of the audience shouted across the hall on how the railways had not been pro-active in the eradication of manual scavenging - a point the panel of social activists on stage had also raised -- Ramesh said it would take about six to seven years to completely replace the current toilets on Indian trains.\"Two crore Indians use the trains every day. Given the number of trains and the number of toilets each coach has, we have calculated that each toilet is used about 250 times a day. These are open toilets, so scavenging is still prevalent on these railway tracks. We have already started work to replace 2,500 of them with bio toilets. It will take another six to seven years to replace all of them,\" said Ramesh, also in charge of the new ministry of drinking water and sanitation.The minister reiterated his earlier point about toilets and temples. Acknowledging that the comment was not taken very well before, he said, \"I believe that we should worship toilets in the country. When I earlier said that there are more temples than toilets in the country, it wasn't received well. When I said temples, I meant places of worship in general.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17564014", "title": "Power play starts today: Rahul, Modi slog it out", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If the Gujarat elections are the semifinals for the 2014 Lok Sabha polls, then the power-play overs start on Tuesday. The two prime-ministers-in-waiting - chief minister Narendra Modi and Congress scion Rahul Gandhi - will slog it out in Gujarat on Tuesday with public rallies.This is Rahul's first visit to Gujarat after elections were announced. He will address two public meetings in Saurashtra, where Keshubhai Patel's Gujarat Parivartan Party is threatening to erode BJP's base and one in Sanand, the auto hub which has contributed in the building Brand Modi.Around the same time, Modi will address three public meetings in Saurashtra - at Savarkundla, Dhrangadhra and Surendranagar - before moving on to Dholka and Nadiad later in the day.Interestingly, Rahul's public meeting at Sanand clashes with that of LK Advani's at around the same time.The Gandhi scion has come to Gujarat thrice in the past five years, the last being one-and-a-half years ago when he attended a Youth Congress workshop near Gandhinagar.Rahul, along with Congress president Sonia Gandhi, has been Modi's favourite punching bag. In the run-up to the parliamentary polls of 2009, the CM had hit out at the dynastic politics and equated Rahul to an aquarium fish which cannot weather the rough seas.Recently, while addressing multiple rallies through 3D projection, Modi had said Rahul was not campaigning in Gujarat because he was scared of taking responsibility for his party's defeat in the polls.\"A Congress leader from whom they have big expectations had camped in Uttar Pradesh for 12 months. But, people kicked them out of the state. This 'precious' leader of the Congress has not dared to campaign here (in Gujarat) for assembly elections,\" Modi had said.In the absence of any wave in favour of the BJP, the CM is eagerly waiting for a lose ball from the Congress. Sonia Gandhi's 'maut ka saudagar' remark in the 2007 assembly elections had helped him turn around an otherwise dull campaign and sweep the polls. This time around, both Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh have played it safe and kept it tight to Modi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17564769", "title": "'Graft in auto recalibration'", "text": "MUMBAI: The biggest autorickshaw union has alleged largescale corruption by officials and agents at the RTO tracks during the recalibration of e-meters. Senior officers in the transport department said they would verify the allegations, but declined further comment.Union leader Shashank Rao said, \"Any driver can get an e-meter recalibrated, without undergoing the mandatory tests, by paying Rs 150-200 to a 'middleman' (agent) at the track. What if a faulty meter is allowed to clear the test? We have given the names of all the agents in our petition before the state transport commissioner.\" He also demanded action against the \"erring\" RTO officials.-Somit SenRao said he had previously complained to Andheri RTO, but in vain. \"We then lodged police complaints and a non-cognisable offence was registered at Bangur Nagar police station against some agents. We soon approached the transport commissioner,\" he said.\"The modus was simple. We sent some autos to Malad (behind In Orbit Mall) test tracks and our drivers found that they could not get meters recalibrated without paying these agents. And this is happening at all the tracks in Mumbai. Agents forcibly demand Rs 150 to Rs 200 per driver. So, if there are one lakh autos in suburbs, agents will collectively make a cool Rs 1.5 to Rs 2 crore rupees during the ongoing recalibrations. We wanted to expose this corruption which is why we brought it to the notice of transport commissioner,\" he stated.A senior transport official said that the allegations will be verified and if any official or agent is found involved, stringent action will be taken. An official from Andheri RTO denied there was any corruption at the test tracks behind In Orbit Mall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17565999", "title": "UGD works launched in Dharwad with Asian Development Bank aid", "text": "DHARWAD: Even as questions were being raised about the survival of the Jagadish Shettar-led BJP government in the state after BS Yeddyurappa formally announced the launching the new KJP at Haveri on Sunday, an unperturbed chief minister Jagadish Shettar chose to spend the day inaugurating series of development works and laying foundation stones for the new ones.In a single day, he attended 19 functions from 10am to 9pm in twin cities of Hubli and Dharwad. The CM who arrived from Gujarat late on Saturday night had a tight schedule on Sunday.He performed bhoomi pooja for the underground drainage project at Madihal in Dharwad. The Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation has tied up with the Asian Development Bank to develop the underground drainage network in the twin cities.The project envisages development of UGD network covering 14 wards at a cost of Rs 44.83 crore. The project also includes setting up of three sewage treatment plants at Madihal, Navalur and University of Agricultural Sciences in Dharwad. The ADB will contribute 90 per cent of the cost while then share of HDMC will be 10 per cent.Of the total project cost, 26.83 crore will be for underground drainage and Rs 17 crore for setting up sewage treatment plants.CM Shettar said the project has been prepared considering the requirements of the twin cities for the next 30 years.Doshiana Violia Water Solutions Private Limited of Ahmedabad has been given the task of setting up sewage treatment plants while the UGD work will be taken up by Hyderabad-based Ayyappa Infra Project Private Limited. HDMC mayor Pandurang Patil said the UGD work would be completed in 18 months. Karnataka Urban Infrastrcture Development Finance Corporation ( KUIDFC) will monitor the implementation of the project by two private companies.The mayor said Rs 250 crore will be needed to provide UGD facility to the entire Hubli-Dharwad and assured that the work would be taken up in a phased manner.CM Shettar dedicated to the public the newly developed park around the Jayanagar Lake in Dharwad. Developed at a cost of Rs 1.16 crore, the park has come as a boon to the residents of Jayanagar and Channabasaveshwar Nagar.The HDMC with assistance from the state government under the special grants, has de-silted the lake and constructed bunds around it. Hitherto the Lake was a nightmare for the residents during rainy season as the water used to inundate the entire area from the overflowing lake.It was also affecting the far off Bhavikatti plot and other areas. Now that the Lake has been developed the residents have heaved a sigh of relief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17566058", "title": "2 school buses in accidents, 3 kids hurt", "text": "BANGALORE: A school bus of the National Academy for Learning, which hadn't yet picked up children, lost control and rammed an electric pole on Pottery Road on Monday morning . The driver Ramappa V, 56, suffered injuries and was rushed to a private hospital. Ramappa claimed visibility was affected by fog and the vehicle had some technical problems too. He didn't want to file a police complaint. \"A woman was injured in the accident and although she didn't want to give a police complaint, we plan to take up the case. According to eyewitnesses , he was late for work and was over-speeding . Following an inspection by officials, we'll book a case against him for speeding and, if required , a case against the school for not maintaining the bus well,\" said a Fraser Town traffic police officer. In the impact, the front of the vehicle was completely damaged. After the vehicle was seized, a school official came to the police station and covered the school's name with stickers.ANOTHER BUS RAMS TRUCKA school bus of Jnana Sweekar Public School on Kanakapura Road met with an accident on Nice Road when its driver Lokesh crashed the vehicle into a truck just ahead. The bus was ferrying three students \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Chandan (Class VII), Varun (Class V) and Yeshwanth (nursery) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who were injured. While Varun and Yeshwanth escaped with minor injuries and discharged after treatment, Chandan sustained a severe head injury and is at a nearby private hospital . His condition is stable, police said. Lokesh had picked up the three boys and was on his way to school. Police said Lokesh was overspeeding on Nice Road and this caused the accident . Lokesh too was injured.MOTORIST KILLEDA motorcyclist died after an unknown vehicle hit him in Yelahanka around 6.30am Monday. Srikumar, 33, a retail shop owner from Jakkur, was on his way to purchase goods for his shop. Near Sante Circle railway crossing, a speeding vehicle slammed him from the rear and fled. Srikumar, who suffered serious head injuries, was rushed to Baptist Hospital by passersby but died while undergoing treatment. Kiran Kumar, 21, was killed on Monday afternoon on Nice Road. An unknown vehicle collided with his bike and ran over him. He was taken to a nearby private hospital which declared him 'brought dead' . Kiran was chief mechanic at a private bus company in Electronics City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17563721", "title": "Keep vigil on criminals coming out of jail, cops told", "text": "VARANASI: Noticing a spurt in crime in the region, senior officials had issued directives to their subordinates in the region to keep a sharp vigil on criminals who are getting released from jails. However, the cops seem to consider this aspect unimportant, as they have failed to prepare a dossier of criminals active for the past 5-10 years in the district despite being repeatedly ordered to.However, this theory of the top cops was established a team led by DIG Range A Satish Ganesh worked out the December 7 killing of a leading jeweler of Saidpur market, Ajay Barnwal, 50, and his brother Vijay in Ghazipur district on Sunday.The cops arrested eight dreaded criminals and shooters including Jitendra Jaiswal alias Baba, Aman Pratap Singh alias Nanhe, Mohit Verma, Pradeep Seth (all from Varanasi), Rohit Singh alias Sunny, Roshan Gupta alias Babu and Ashis Tripathi of Ghazipur district. With their arrest, not only the Barnwal brothers murder case, but many other murder and loot cases were worked out.Sources said the gang of arrested criminals is being led by Ajay Singh alias Vijay, whose involvement had also come to light in the shooting of physician VP Singh. Ajay and all his gang members were lodged in different jails of this region before the beginning of 2012. Though Ajay was behind bars, he managed the release of his henchmen on bail. When he came out of jail on bail a few months ago, the gang started operating with impunity by making Ghazipur as their base. Ajay is largely a mystery for the police as locating him is proving difficult with the fact that he neither uses mobile phones nor informs any of his gang members regarding his whereabouts.The IG Zone GL Meena considers that the way the criminals targeted the persons in Azamgarh and Ghazipur districts in recent past hints clearly that apart from loot, they also intend to restore their identity in the crime world to strengthen their future prospects in extortion trade. In view of the nature of incidents which took place over the past few months, orders were issued to keep a vigil on criminals coming out of the jails either on bail or after completing their term of imprisonment.During his crime review meeting on December 7, the DIG Range had asked the SSP and SPs to keep an eye on 241 criminals including 52 from Varanasi, 21 from Chandauli, 89 from Ghazipur and 79 from Jaunpur district, who had come out of jails after getting bail in the recent past. But the reality of such vigilance was exposed after a few hours of this review meeting when Barnwal and his brother were shot dead in Ghazipur. Keeping the same fact in view, the IG said that he had asked the DIG to start forwarding adverse reports against the SSP and SPs in case of laxity in following the orders which can help in putting a check on crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17565496", "title": "Girl dies after bus loses control in Jhunjhunu", "text": "JAIPUR: Potholes on both sides of the single lane road claimed the life of an 11-year old girl student and left five others injured in Jhunjhunu district's Bisau area on Monday morning. The bus driver while giving way to another vehicle coming from the opposite direction, lost balance due to a pothole. The police have registered a case against the bus driver who fled.According to the police, the girl, identified as Ritu Meena, was a resident of Tain village near Bisau town. \"Her parents had sent her to the private school in Bisau town due to lack of proper educational facilities in their village. She, along with about 10 other girls, was on her way to the Rajasthan Public School in the bus when the mishap occurred around 9 am,\" said a police officer.The officer said that the bus was plying on a single lane road. \"The road level is almost half a feet higher than the footpath, thanks to repeated layering of gravel on it. Each time, the road was damaged, another patch of gravel was laid on it making it dangerous for the vehicles to get off the road, especially in case of an emergency,\" said the officer.He added that the bus driver saw a car approaching from the opposite direction and drove the vehicle off the road to make room for the vehicle. \"However, the driver lost control following which the bus turned turtle,\" said the officer.Some pedestrians informed the police control room. A police team from Bisau police station rushed to the spot. However, by the time help arrived, Ritu Meena, a Class VI student, had died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17565410", "title": "Thakkars' killing: Cops clueless yet", "text": "INDORE: The police are clueless even a week after elderly Thakkar couple was killed. A special team of 15 sleuths has been formed to hunt down the accused.SP O P Tripathi said he has constituted a 15-member team of sleuths, who are giving their best to crack the case. \"The team is headed by ASP rank official,\" he said.One team has been sent to Rajasthan in search of the accused, he said, adding that cops have interrogated more than two dozen persons so far.The police are also trying to find out who give bicycles on rent in the area as the accused have been seen on Vijay Nagar crossing. They were captured travelling in CCTV footage. The police are also trying to go through other CCTC camera installed in nearby areas like Shalimar Township and other such places, he said. Cops are also moving in the 2 km of the spot where the couple was killed and they are trying to find out whether any person has gone missing in last week, he said.Through the CCTV footage only, the police confirmed that three persons were involved in the murder of two elderly persons in Scheme No. 114 in Lasudia area on last Tuesday.Two elderly persons Kirit Thakkar, 67, and his wife Varsha Thakkar, 59, were killed by unidentified accused in their house in Scheme No. 114, part 2. After killing the elderly couple, the accused reportedly escaped with some Rs 5 lakh in cash and jewellery.A team has been sent to Rajasthan in search of the accused. The police have interrogated more than two dozen persons so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17565903", "title": "Central government staff strike tomorrow", "text": "KANPUR: The Confederation of Central Government Employees and Workers is making efforts to make December 12 strike successful.The Confederation has given a call for all-India strike to press the 15-point charter of demands. Confederation general secretary Sharad Prakash Agarwal said a notice had been given to the Central government in this regard which was ignored. It has been decided to protest against the anti-labour and anti-employee policies of the government.Income Tax Gazetted Officers Association had also announced to join the strike. The confederation had urged the employees to march towards Parliament.The confederation is demanding constitution of seventh wage commission and asking to amend the wages of Central government employees from January 1, 2011.The other demands are regarding pension, merger of dearness allowance with basic pay from January 1, 2011, constitution of a joint consultative machinery, recognition to all associations and federations, end to outsourcing in all government institutes and regularization of daily wage employees.MP Raja Ram Pal and Rakesh Sachan had written a letter to the Prime Minister to consider the demands of the sympathetically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17567814", "title": "Security forces on high alert at Kochi airport after bomb threat", "text": "KOCHI: Police and CISF personnel are on high alert at the Kochi Airport nearby Nedumbassery following an anonymous call on Tuesday morning that a bomb had been planted there.The call was received at the Air India office at the Airport around 6.45am. No specific area or location was mentioned, airport director A K C Nair said.The airport area was thoroughly checked by bomb and dog squad but nothing has been found so far, he said.Nair said the call was made from a BSNL mobile phone. All flights were checked thoroughly and this would continue through out the day, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17565985", "title": "Bangalore down in the dumps again", "text": "BANGALORE: Every time there is a protest at the landfills, the effect is there for all to see across Bangalore. On Monday, garbage was not lifted in many parts of the city. Garbage collection was affected as trucks did not return from Mandur to take garbage, leaving roads heaped with trash.\"The street corners are all messy with heaps of garbage and plastic bags which the dogs play with strewing the menace everywhere, making it worse for senior citizens to even go out,\" complained Meena Vaidyanathan, resident of Milton Street in Cooke Town.\"In my area, the pourakarmika did not turn up today. I am not sure whether her absence has any connection with Mandur's incident but the area is unclean,'' said Hemvathi V, a homemaker from Hennur.TIMES VIEWThe year is ending but there seems to be no end to Bangalore's garbage woes or the civic administration's gross mismanagement. For months, the crisis has been in the face of not only Bangaloreans but also landfill villagers, who have refused to allow dumping until their conditions are met. Instead of finding longlasting solutions, the quick-fix and piecemeal approach adopted by civic authorities has, literally, led to the mess. The floundering segregation-atsource campaign or the latest Mandur controversy are cases in point. As people's patience wears thin, it's time the BBMP and other stakeholders took the issue by its horns and came up with a lasting solution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17565425", "title": "Congress, Left join forces to attack govt", "text": "KOLKATA: The Congress and Left Front MLAs made common cause of the state's deteriorating law and order situation and the Tehatta firing at the state assembly on Monday.The Left moved an adjournment motion on the Tehatta firing and Congress on deteriorating law and order. Speaker Biman Banerjee, however, disallowed both. While Congress members staged a walkout, Left MLAs shouted slogans and came down to the well of the House, protesting against the police firing.Congress MLA Manas Bhuniya accused the government of not sending the state crime figures to the Centre since April this year.Leader of the opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra was equally scathing in his attack. \"Not a single adjournment motion tabled by us is being allowed,\" he said. Mishra also said the chief minister was scared to attend the assembly.The Speaker refused the one on Tehatta firing for the government has already declared a judicial enquiry into the matter. So I asked him whether he has seen the gazette notification stating so, I did the same to the assembly secretariat and the parliamentary affairs minister. They are yet to show us an official notification,\" he said.Treasury benches in the West Bengal assembly had a taste on Monday of things to come after the parting of ways between Congress and Trinamool Congress and the withdrawal of Congress from the Mamata Banerjee - led government.Legislators of Congress and the Left Front in the floor of the assembly made common cause of deteriorating law and order the Tehatta firing last month, killing one person. The Left moved an adjournment motion on the Tehatta firing; the Congress on deteriorating law and order. Speaker Biman Banerjee disallowed both though he allowed it to be read. While Congress members staged a walkout, members of the Left Front shouted slogans and came down to the well of the House, protesting against the police firing. The \"deteriorating law and order situation in the state,\" was their common refrain.Congress legislator Manas Bhunia later told newspersons that the government was trying to hide facts. \"Since April this year, the state government has not been sending the state crime figures to the Centre. This is required to be incorporated in the NCRB and is followed by all states. Bengal is the only exception. Inspite of repeated reminders from the Centre this is not being send. Why? Will this open a can of worms?\"Mishra also charged the state government with curbing rights of the state Assembly \"which never discusses important issues in the House even when those are raised\". Assembly opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra said, \"Not a single adjournment motion being tabled by us is being allowed. The Speaker refused the one on Tehatta firing for the government has already declared a judicial enquiry into the matter. So I asked him whether he has seen the gazette notification stating so, I did the same to the Assembly secretariat and the parliamentary affairs minister. They are yet to show us a official notification.\" Mishra also claimed that the chief minister is scared to attend the Assembly. \"This is a concerted effort to belittle the assembly.\"\"Untruths are being dished out about implementation of development projects by the state government which cries for funds,\" Mishra told reporters. Alleging that the pace of development had stalled in the state, Mishra said, \"While funds are not in hand, the government keeps on laying foundation stones with tall claims of development. Only bills are being tabled in the state Assembly with nothing concrete in sight.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "jabalpur/bhopal", "code": "17565371", "title": "Poachers kill tiger near Bandhavgarh reserve", "text": "JABALPUR/BHOPAL: In the third incident of poaching reported since last November, a partly decomposed and skinned carcass of a tiger was found in the forest area of Umaria approximately 25 kilometers away from Bandhavgarh tiger reserve.Killed on the intervening night of December 7 and 8, the big cat fell into an electrical trap - a GI wire from the 440 KV service line pegged to a wooden pole.And even as wildlife activists are up in arms against the total failure to curb the rising cases of tiger killings in the state, forest minister Sartaj Singh plays cool and underplays the issue.Talking to TOI on Monday, Singh listed the arrest of five suspects by the police as a major achievement, which should instead be highlighted. The arrests have been made only because the forest department is alert, he declared. \"Anyway keeping a constant vigil on the tiger's movement is impossible for who knows where the animal will go and when. (sher kahan khan jaata a hai yeh hum kaise jaan sakte hain).Similarly, how does one guess where the poachers have laid traps? The jungle is so vast. Crimes happen no one can predict or preempt the crime an annoyed minister imperiously announced. You must note, he said that we have been able to catch the culprit the same day and sized the stuff.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17565775", "title": "'World governments must respond to Tibet immolations'", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: On the eve of International Human Rights Day, the hill town McLeodganj witnessed mass vigils on Monday, with hordes of Tibetans and supporters from different walks of life joining the Tibet solidarity campaigns, calling upon world leaders to take action on the intensifying crisis inside Tibet. With 28 Tibetans committing self-immolation in Tibet in November 2012 alone, the toll since February 2009 has touched 95 so far, Tibetan activists said.After holding prayers in the main Buddhist temple, the activists took to the roads leading to Dharamshala, displaying placards and waving Tibetan flags. Since December 5, China has reiterated its hardline position by announcing through state media that anyone caught aiding or inciting self-immolations will be charged with murder, they lamented.\"World governments cannot simply hope that self-immolations in Tibet will stop of its own,\" said Gelek Jamyang, president of National Democratic Party of Tibet. \"Until Chinese leaders begin to genuinely address the legitimate grievances of Tibetan people, we do not see the crisis abating. China's adamant approach will not deter Tibetans from protesting. Rather, it's quite the reverse. There is a dramatic rise in Tibetan resistance against Chinese rule, demonstrating unwavering determination and commitment to non-violence,\" he added.\"The continuing self-immolations highlight the serious crisis in Tibet. We must make efforts to bring our focus on the lingering crises behind the self-immolations. In the aftermath of these incidents, the Chinese government has unleashed severe oppression against family members and friends of activists and the entire community. This requires urgent global attention,\" said Lukar Jam, vice president of Gu-Chu-Sum Movement of Tibet.Meanwhile, members of International Tibet Network have written to leaders of European Union hailing that EU is joining an august body of peace laureates, including His Holiness the Dalai Lama in this regard. \"Twenty-three years after receiving the Nobel award, His Holiness is still waiting for realization of his vision of peace and security in his homeland, where the situation is more acute today than it was in 1989. This is a desperate crisis which the world must respond to, and we look to the European Union, with its stated commitment to multi-lateralism in conflict prevention and crisis management, to lead the way.\"Tenzin Jigdal, programme director of Students for a Free Tibet, India, added, \"Tibetans are speaking loud and clear. They are calling for freedom and human rights. The international community cannot leave them to keep crying out in darkness. This human rights day, we urge world governments to stand together, to work in partnership to build a multilateral response to this crisis in Tibet. This will increase pressure on China to address the Tibetan people's yearning for freedom and return of the Dalai Lama to Tibet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17565991", "title": "Operation footpath begins, hawkers told to shift", "text": "DHARWAD: Following intervention by the judiciary, the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation got into action and evacuated the hawkers and vendors who had occupied the footpaths on Subhas road in Dharwad on Monday.The shopkeepers had been complaining that hawkers and vendors occupying the footpaths had hampered movement of pedestrians and affected their business adversely. On Monday morning, the officials of HDMC launched a drive to evacuate the vendors and hawkers from the footpaths and asked them to go to the hawkers' zone. The drive met with resistance from the vendors initially but the officials went ahead with their mission unmindful of the protest with support from the police.HDMC assistant commissioner KL Kattimani said the HDMC officials evacuated around 20 street vendors and hawkers from Subhas Road area and asked them to get shifted to the hawkers' zone. No one was penalized nor their material were seized, he said.Kattimani said the HDMC began the drive to convince street vendors and the hawkers not to carry on their business in the non-hawker zone and get shifted to the hawker's zone.He said following the recent directions by the Karnataka High Court the HDMC had identified hawkers' zone at Super Market, Nehru Market ( Vegetable market) and the area between the Kamat Hotel and Durga Vilas. Once the HDMC identified the hawkers' zone, it was mandatory for the street vendors and the hawkers to get shifted to these places, the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17566024", "title": "She was a strong girl, would not have given up so easily: Neighbour", "text": "MANGALORE: \"It is hard to believe that Jacintha is no more. More distressing and hard to believe is the fact that she has committed suicide (according to reports). She was a strong and determined person. I don't think Jacintha, who grew up the hard way, would have given up so easily for some trivial reason,'' said Allwyn Mascarenhas, 51, Jacintha's neighbour of over 40 years.Saldanha family had left their Gorigudda residence a decade ago. Allwyn knew the family members well and is still in touch with Carmine, Jacintha's mother.Jacintha's father, Lawrence who had a tea stall at Valencia, passed away almost four decades ago. \"Carmine was a gritty woman. The same gritty nature is what I have seen in Jacintha. Carmine toiled for the sake of the family and brought up her children through hard work. She left for Kuwait for employment and saw that her children got good education. Now they are well off,'' said Allwyn.Ivan, Naveen, Mable, Gladys and Joyce were Jacintha's siblings.Mascarenhas recalled that the children were either in the hostel or a relative's house when Carmine was employed in Kuwait, indicating the struggle, the lower middle class family went through in the initial years.Regarding Jacintha, Allwyn, a ration shop owner, is full of appreciation. \"She was a very clever girl, helpful and hard working. After she got job in the Gulf, she helped her family members too.''Though Allwyn is not in touch with the children, including Jacintha, he says Carmine calls him once or twice a month. \"Last time I personally met her was when she attended my mother's (Stella) funeral last year,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17565885", "title": "Disabilities Rights Association of Goa hopes government apathy towards disabled will change", "text": "PANAJI: The Disabilities Rights Association of Goa (DRAG) has demanded that the government create a separate department for the welfare of the disabled.Protesting government apathy towards the disabled, DRAG held a 'dharna' at Azad Maidan on the occasion of UN Human Rights Day.Avelino de Sa, president of DRAG, said the rights of the disabled are not respected as \"The government thinks it is doing charity for the disabled\".He said DRAG has been taking up various issues of persons with disability with the state government departments, but to no avail.DRAG had also taken up the issues with the chief minister Manohar Parrikar in October and served a 15 days ultimatum to Parrikar in November to resolve the grievances failing which it will hold a protest.He said DRAG wished to highlight the neglect and violation of human rights of persons with disability by the state government. De Sa said there were over 40,000 persons with disabilities in the state.Listing out the demands of DRAG, he said persons with hearing impairment should be exempted from medical examination when applying for driving licences as per High Court orders, backlog in recruitment and promotion for persons with disability should be filled especially for persons with visual and hearing impairment.Schools and colleges should be made accessible to persons with disability within a year's time and those denying admission or employment to persons with disability should be de-recognized, he said.Office of the department for welfare of persons with disability should be opened in South Goa and buildings, streets and buses in the state should be made accessible for persons with disability.Action should be taken against officers for not providing barrier-free access for persons with disability or approving building plans with no accessibility for persons with disability, he added.DRAG was supported by members of the Goa Association for the Deaf and the Blind Peoples Welfare Association in the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17563709", "title": "Nalini barred from meeting Murugan", "text": "CHENNAI: Prison officials have emporarily banned the meeting between Rajiv Gandhi assassination squad member Murugan and his wife Nalini, who is in womens' prison in Vellore on similar charges. The decision was taken following the recovery of a sim card from Murugan last month by a prison vigilance team.For the last 12 years, the couple was allowed to meet once in two weeks for half-and-hour. They have met once after the sim card was recovered. Prison officials say Murugan and Nalini may be allowed to meet after the investigation regarding the sim card is complete.Along with the couple, Santhan has been given a death sentence for the assassination of Rajiv Gandhi in 1991. On November 10, the vigilance officials had found a sim card tucked in the folds of Murugan's trousers. A senior prisons official said that a inquiry would be conducted and departmental action taken against those found guilty or failing to take action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568019", "title": "I discovered an entire galaxy in Dilip Saab: Kamal Hassan", "text": "The iconic Kamal Haasan idolizes two actors. \"I grew up hero-worshipping Shivaji Ganesan. He was like the guiding sun in my life. Then I discovered an entire galaxy in Dilip Saab.I discovered Dilip Saab rather late. It took me a long time to learn to appreciate him. I belong to another culture, another generation. The first film of Dilip Saab that I saw was Mughal-e-Azam. He touched something deep within me as an actor. You have to be an actor to fully understand what Dilip Saab achieves through his performances. I am still in the process of discovering his virtuosity. Actually I was introduced to Hindi cinema very late. The first Hindi film I saw was Padosan , and that too because I was told that the Tamil community was lampooned in the film through Mehmood Saab 's character. I ended up becoming a fan of Hindi cinema. I never stopped seeing Hindi films. I gradually revisited the classics. I saw V Shantaram's Jal Bin Machali Nritya Bin Bijli and I wondered why they called Shantaramji a great filmmaker. Then I saw Jhanak Jhanak Paayal Baje and Dr Kotnis Ki Amar Kahani. And I knew why.\"Then Kamal Haasan saw Dilip Kumar in Mughal-e-Azam . \"It changed my life. It re-defined my attitude to acting. I thought that was the ultimate. Then when I came to Mumbai to do Ek Duuje Ke Liye I met Javed Akhtar Saab . I told him I am a fan of Dilip Saab although I had seen just one film Mughal-e-Azam . He advised urged and implored me to see Ganga Jumna . I saw it. I couldn't stop raving about it. Just looking at Dilip Saab in Ganga Jumna, I got all the inspiration that I needed. In Ganga Jumna he did an amazing thing. He signed on an unknown teenager to play his character's younger version. It was a very risky thing to do. Normally characters go from childhood to adult. Here, in Ganga Jumna, Dilip Saab was cutting it closer. He trained the teenager to behave like Dilip Kumar. The way the boy walks, climbs, talks....he brought his own spirit into the boy.\"In his Tamil film Guna, Kamal Haasan paid a tribute to Ganga Jumna . \"I had written a scene in Guna with a gun that I saw in Ganga Jumna when I fight with the cops the gun goes off.\"After seeing Ganga Jumna, Kamal Haasan met his idol. \"I had to meet the man. I went to meet him the day after I saw Ganga Jumna . I had tears in my eyes when I told him what I thought of him. He just looked at me and smiled. Maybe he thought, 'Not another one.' I apologized to him for discovering him late.\"From then on Kamal Haasan has been meeting Dilip Saab during every visit to Mumbai. \"He came on my request to Chennai many years ago to give an award to my other favourite Shivaji Ganesan. In front of 40,000 people I showed off my familiarity with Yusuf Saab. Before the function in his hotel room I got to talk to Yusuf Saab for two and a half hours. Rather, he talked, I listened. Those were the most revealing hours of my life as an actor. He described to me his life as a boy in Kabul. As you know he is a great speaker. That quality remains. That day in Chennai I imbibed Yusuf Saab's hunger for knowledge. A deprivation of formal education never deterred him from educating himself. The same is true of me. That's where the similarity ends. His struggle has been manifold. I was born without a silver spoon. But unlike Yusuf Saab a silver spoon was gifted to me.\"Kamal Haasan, a self-styled Dilip Kumar devotee marvels at the thespian's presence of mind. \"Who says Yusuf Saab is not lucid in his thought and speech any more? Rubbish! His silence is being misconstrued . Dilip Saab was and remains a quiet attentive observer and listener. When he speaks he speaks with devastating coherence.\"Kamal Haasan met him last in October this year. He recorded the entire encounter and conversation on a moving camera . \"He is absolutely coherent. He is old and tired of the idolization. He is reposeful and craving for quietude. He doesn't care for the laudatory shouting all around him. I met him on October 14 this year. I will now meet him on his birthday on December 11 , as I try to do each year. When it comes to Dilip Saab I am a fanboy. And he knows it. When I gush and fall to my knees in front of him his eyes light up with delighted amusement. 'Just look at this boy. Why is he doing this?' he asks his wife Sairaji. But Sairaji has only a smile for an answer. How does one explain to this wonder-actor that he has inspired generations of actors? I am just one of them. Each time I meet him I kiss his hand and call him my godfather. Dilip Saab remains amused at my unabashed idolization.\"During their last visit when Kamalji visited Dilip Saab with his filmmaker-friend Ramesh Sippy they expected the thespian to have aged and slowed down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17564437", "title": "Red Cross gets notice for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcinfecting\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 patient with HIV", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP state consumer disputes redressal commission on Monday issued notices to the Indian Red Cross Society in New Delhi and its offices in Hyderabad and Nellore, asking them to explain how the petitioner was transfused with HIV contaminated blood.The petition was filed by Sheik Haseena of Nellore who was admitted to the local Triveni hospital for a cesarean operation on November 1, 2011. When doctors sought blood to perform the operation, the parents of the patient bought required units of blood from the Nellore Red Cross Society, and following the transfusion of the same, she was infected with AIDS. Soon after, her husband deserted her leaving her and her parents traumatized.Her counsel P Subhash told the bench headed by Justice D Appa Rao that the negligence of Red Cross was palpable and sought a compensation of Rs 95 lakh for the 'unpardonable' and 'irreparable' damage done to the petitioner. The bench sought the replies of Red Cross officials by January 18, 2013.Permission to cell tower scrappedJustice Nooty Ramaohan Rao on Monday suspended an order granting permission for installing a Tata Docomo cell tower at Chowdarguda village near Ghatkesar on the outskirts of the city. The judge made the interim order following a writ petition filed by B Srinivas Reddy and 11 others of the area, complaining that the local panchayat had granted the permission contrary to the guidelines issued by the state government in this regard. It was contended that the guidelines barred permission to cell towers in crowded residential areas, near school playgrounds and hospitals as they were sources of radiation. They pointed out that the present permission was contrary to the guidelines.Gali aide's bail plea hearingThe CBI court on Monday posted to Tuesday the hearing on the bail plea of M Ali Khan, the personal assistant of mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy. The CBI which arrested Ali Khan recently named him as an accused in the illegal mining case. In its counter opposing the bail, the CBI said that Ali Khan played a key role in exporting the illegal ore mined in Karnataka and in collecting ore from other miners through coercion.Mopidevi seeks nod to visit SabarimalaMopidevi Venkata Ramana, the former minister who was arrested in the Vanpic case, on Monday filed a petition in the CBI court seeking an interim bail to enable him to go to Sabarimala. \"I have been observing this deeksha for the last 17 years,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17565975", "title": "HDUDA to distribute open sites to citizens", "text": "HUBLI: Hubli-Dharwad Urban Development Authority (HDUDA) president Lingraj Patil has called for applications from eligible people to get open sites in Hubli-Dharwad.Individuals residing in the state and who have achieved and been recognized at national and international level in the field of arts, science, literature, medical and public administration, soldiers and ex-soldiers who are residing in Karnataka for more then ten years, dependents of state government employees who have lost their lives on duty are eligible to send their applications.Candidates will get their sites on the basis of their eligibility and availability of sites. For more information contact HDUDA office at Navanagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17566330", "title": "CPM opposed to CTP for shielding corruption: Tripura Congress", "text": "AGARTALA: The opposition Congress has flayed the ruling Left Front government in Tripura over its divergent stand on the Cash Transfer Policy (CTP) of the UPA II government and stated that CPI-M was opposing it just to protect organized corruption with central funds.Talking to the media here on Monday, leader of the opposition, Ratan Lal Nath, alleged that the CTP would be able to prevent misappropriation of public funds and bring transparency in the system. He however, alleged that the Centre had asked Tripura to specify at least 29 schemes out of 42 existing centrally sponsored programmes where the CTP would be made, but the state government has not yet responded. Rather, it created obstructions to prevent the people from reaping the benefits, he added.\"Chief minister Manik Sarkar had admitted that about 15 per cent ration card holders in Tripura did not withdraw public distribution supplies, but the state government had been diverting the ration illegally and indulged in corruption,\" said Nath.He added, \"About Rs 27.6 crore has been subsided per annum by the Centre for those 15 per cent ration card holders that amounts 95,000 families but the beneficiaries never withdraw the supplies and indirectly these are either distributed among CPM cadres or sold out in the market,\" alleged Nath.He also highlighted a study conducted in Tripura which revealed that only 17 per cent of central allocations reach the beneficiaries and the rest is either being misused or the state government illegally consolidate the funds in accounts and get interest.\"Unfortunately, even for old-age pension , widow pension, and MGNREGA money, the beneficiaries are not paid regularly and the Left Front government compelled them to waste time behind the party for getting their legitimate payments. CTP will help contain this,\" said Nath.The Centre is all set to launch CTP in 51 selected districts of 16 states, including four districts of Tripura, in 29 schemes from January 1. But the state government raised objections over the schemes. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17563561", "title": "Wizkid to raise female foeticide issue in finals of South Asian quiz", "text": "PATNA: City girl Annapurna Singh, a class 11 student of DAV Public School, Khagaul, is all set to participate in the South Asian quiz finals of Horlicks Wizkids 2012 to be held in Bangalore from December 16-19, after outshining almost 3,000 students in the state level competition held here on October 9, 2012.Proud to represent her state at the international level, Annapurna has undertaken a project, 'Pankh: A fight for rights' on female foeticide for the finals.\"The issue has been taken up by a lot of people earlier also, but I've tried to come up with innovative solutions,\" the Wizkid said, adding, \"As students, we can form a chain reaction and encourage other kids to help improve the situation.\"Moving through the slum areas of the city for her project, the DAV student says that she learnt a lot from this experience. \"I met a lot of people during the course of this project, including Padma Shree Sister Sudha Varghese among others,\" Annapurna said.Asked what part of Bihar she would be taking with herself at the international contest, Annapurna told TOI, \"I will take with me the down-to-earth attitude of Biharis, the simplicity and the talent, Lord Buddha and the traditional delicacy of the state, litti-chokha.\"The eleventh grader feels strongly about brain drain from the state and said that she would like to study in Bihar and work here itself to give back to her state. Annapurna, a science student, is trying her best to strike a balance between the contest and her studies as she is all prepared to be tested in various categories in Bangalore. \"I am not looking at winning. My aim is that when I return from the competition I should have grown as a person,\" she said.Annapurna leaves for Bangalore on December 12 and would be competing with 2 students each from Pakistan, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and 21 other states of India at the contest there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17564646", "title": "Teachers' protest brings Lucknow traffic to a standstill", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Vibhan Sabha Marg and Hazratganj Crossing witnessed heavy traffic jam after thousands of agitators taking part in a demonstration organized by teachers of unaided schools gathered in front of the Vidhan Bhawan on Monday noon.The traffic policemen were unable to control the situation and blamed the administration for not taking any action on the proposal to shift the protest venue to Jhulelal Park. The Mayawati government had shifted the protest venue to Jhulelal Park but the present government restored the old status. \"During Mayawati's regime, the decision was taken in order to prevent traffic jams in and around Hazratganj crossing, considered to be the heart of the city,\" said a traffic official.The jam lasted for more than four hours affecting the Nishatganj to Charbagh route and the trans-Gomti region via Jiamau -- Gomtinagar. The police tried to hold the agitators within the protest venue but failed to contain them due to their large turnout. The jam continued till evening hours and schoolchildren as well as daily commuters were worst affected by it. The teachers of unaided schools were demanding a fixed monthly stipend from the government.Several important government and private establishments as well as schools are located around across the Nishatganj to Charbagh route. A large-scale protest opposite Vidhan Sabha, that too around the peak hours, has held the city to ransom on several occasions in the past as well. On last Monday home guards had sat on protest affecting the vehicular movement. However, this time even partial vehicular movement was not possible due to complete blockage of the stretch outside protest venue.As a result, motorists started taking alternative routes and by evening even the internal roads around Hazratganj were also choked. \"I was heading for a movie show in the evening but had to miss it because of the traffic jam,\" said Atul Singh, one of the motorists who experienced the situation on Monday.\"We managed to restore order within a short while with the help of the police. We are already burdened due manpower crunch and have to regulate the traffic of other areas as well,\" claimed Arvind Sen, SP (traffic).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17565860", "title": "All politicians aren't criminals: Sukhbir Badal", "text": "AMRITSAR: Completely disowning the leaders of his Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) found to be involved in recent criminal activities, Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal, who on Monday visited the house of ASI Ravinderpal Singh, who was shot dead by an Akali leader, said all politicians are not criminals.\"If some low rung Akali leader or his remote relative was is involved in some criminal case, it doesn't mean that all Akalis are criminals,\" he said.\"And in these particular cases they were very low level leaders whom we never knew,\" said Badal adding that wherever required, the party would re-examine its enrolments.About Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, arrested in the Ponty Chadha murder case, Sukhbir said he had ordered registration of FIR and detailed investigations against him.Badal also asked the Amritsar deputy commissioner of police to probe about the presence of policemen at the spot when the shooting happened. \"Amritsar commissioner of police would finalize this report by 9am tomorrow and erring policemen would be straightway dismissed for running away from their duty,\" said Sukhbir.He issued these instructions after meeting the family members of slain Ravinderpal Singh at their residence at Rampura village. He said the commissioner of police has also been asked to probe the conspiracy angle in the killing of ASI as the victim girl complained she was deliberately targeted by accused Ranjit Singh Rana, as she was daughter of ASI.She complained to Sukhbir that when her scooter was hit by them on the first instance they had uttered that she was a daughter of thanedar and on second occasion also they pointed out that she was the same girl, daughter of thanedar.\"Commissioner of Police would examine the fact that whether there was a conspiracy to eliminate ASI,\" Sukhbir said. He also issued instructions to the district president of SAD to probe that who recommended the induction of Rana in the SAD fold and strict action would be taken against that person. He said the state government had already decided to enlist Robinjit Kaur, the daughter of the deceased, as sub-inspector in Punjab Police keeping in view the exemplary bravery shown by her.He said he had already issued orders to provide two security guards permanently to the family.Was Rana high on drugs?Was Ranjit Singh Rana, the main accused in the killing of Assistant Sub-Inspector Ravinderpal Singh, under the influence of drugs when he confronted Singh and his daughter on December 5 near Chheharata? Rana had also ignored the advice of his co-accused to not harass policeman's daughter but he didn't listen to them. According to sources, Rana who allegedly used to sell and consume heroin was under the influence of the drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17566128", "title": "Shivaraj is UoM's in charge VC", "text": "MYSORE: The ad-hoc administration is back at University of Mysore with the appointment of B Shivaraj as the in charge VC on Monday.Shivaraj, the senior-most dean of the varsity, will formally take charge on Tuesday. The varsity received the communication from the governor H R Bhardwaj, who is also the chancellor of all universities, minutes before incumbent VC V G Talawar demitted office following end of his four-year term. Shivaraj met the outgoing VC and held discussions.After Bangalore University, UoM has an in charge VC. But unlike in BU, where the government is yet to constitute a search panel, former VC H P Khincha-headed search panel is put on the job to name Talawar's successor for UoM.Shivaraj, who is the dean of the faculty of commerce, was member of the Syndicate till October and his two-year deanship is ending in mid-February. He will continue as the in charge VC till February-end if the government delays naming Talawar's successor. Shivaraj told TOI that the government has asked him to hold the charge till a regular VC is appointed.With the BJP government facing political instability in the wake of rebellion by a section of legislators, there is concern among the teaching fraternity that the ad-hoc administration could continue for long. However, the search panel is scheduled to hold its first meeting on December 14. Sources told TOI that the meeting is expected to be postponed, which could delay the selection process. Though the panel was constituted in late October, it has not held the sitting. Part of the reason is the ongoing session in Belgaum, and higher education principal secretary is away attending the session. The secretary is the convener of the panel.A professor, who didn't wanted to be named, said that there are concerns among the teaching community that appointment of new VC could be delayed as the search committee has not met and finalized three names for the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "17563420", "title": "Sea siege by fishermen against KKNPP peaceful", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Tension mounted on the sea strip around the multi-crore Indo-Russian nuclear power plant at Kudankulam in coastal Tirunelveli district as fishermen laid siege to the controversial plant from the sea on Monday as they revived their protests in the run-up to the project's commissioning. Fishermen from the coastal villages set out into the sea in more than 100 boats towards the Nuclear Power Plant while women and children stayed back at the protest site in front of St Lourdes Church at Idinthakarai, the main hub of the 400-day-long protest. The nuclear plant, set for commissioning soon, has been brought under a thick security blanket.This is the second sea siege of the anti-nuclear protestors. A similar agitation on October 8 had passed off peacefully, but protests before and after that had turned violent. On September 10, a fishermen was killed in police firing near Tiruchendur, while few days later, another fisherman collapsed in panic and died when a surveillance aircraft flew at low altitude. Tirunelveli superintendent of police Vijayendra Bidari said the siege was incident free. \"Both central and state security forces provided protection to the plant,\" he said.People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) convener S P Udayakumar told mediapersons they were forced to agitate against the government due to its indifferent approach towards their struggle. \"Our people are arrested and the public movement at Idinthakarai is restricted though we are staging our struggle in a peaceful manner. Hence we have decided to protest against this undemocratic attitude of the governments,\" he said.The Monday protest was organised to mark the Human Rights day. Besides the demand to scrap the power plant, Udayakumar also wanted the governments to withdraw cases against the protestors. Peter Milton , another key PMANE member, said the police surrounded Idinthakarai village. Meanwhile, the anti-nuclear protesters have also begun road blockades in Nagercoil and Madurai.After the protest, a meeting was held in Idinthakarai to discuss the future course of the agitation. Udayakumar later announced that they were ready to call off their struggle provided the government conduct a national debate on all the upcoming nuclear projects in the country. \"The government should provide necessary details to public, including reports of site analysis, safety analysis and performance of the nuclear reactors both in English and regional languages. Let people discuss them and come to a conclusion. Until then Kudankulam can wait,\" he saidMeanwhile, Madurai city police arrested 187 persons, including 21 women from various outfits like Viduthalai Chiruthaikal Katchi, CPI M-L, Popular Front of India and others when they staged a demonstration against the commissioning of the nuclear power plant. They were booked under nuisance charges and were later released in the evening on station bail, police said. Unlike previous incidents of demonstrations where the participants are detained and released in the evening without charges, the demonstration against nuclear plant appeared significant and they were slapped with Section 151 of the CrPC, police sources stated. However, police have not arrested the persons who demonstrated in Nagercoil in Kanyakumari district for the same purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17565906", "title": "Irked Mandur sends garbage trucks back", "text": "BANGALORE: Be prepared to keep your trash at home once again. The residents of Mandur village have decided to block all trucks carrying Bangalore's garbage from Tuesday. Reason: the BBMP has still not given them any written assurance on the agreement that no waste will be dumped beyond the last week of January 2013.What has angered them more is police taking 40 of them into preventive custody on Sunday night. The villagers were protesting against garbage trucks entering their village. The Mandur residents have now decided to send back the trucks from Bangalore until they receive a written confirmation from the BBMP that dumping will be reduced to 70-80 truckloads on a daily basis, as per the agreement . Irked by the BBMP's dilly-dallying , the villagers turned back over 70 trucks in the middle of the night.Over 40 villagers were taken into preventive custody by Avalahalli police near Budigere Cross, but that did not deter them from stopping trucks from dumping excess loads. They allowed about 50 truckloads inside the landfill areas but turned back the rest from Budigere Cross.\"About 120 trucks began arriving at Mandur from Sunday evening, and we sent back over 70 of them. The BBMP mayor and the commissioner had promised to give us the proceedings of a meeting held on October 23 as a written assurance that they would reduce garbage sent to our village. By January 29, the load is to come down to 70-80 trucks. Nothing has been sent,\" said Thamanna C, Mandur gram panchayat member.GOVT SEEK POLICE HELPWith Mandur's residents blocking garbage, principal secretary urban development department Amita Prasad shot off a letter on Monday evening to the Bangalore Rural SP and the DGP requesting police deployment in Mandur and other dumping sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17566357", "title": "Poacher nabbed", "text": "GUWAHATI: Officials of Rajiv Gandhi Orang National Park on Monday nabbed the kingpin of the poachers' gang involved in the December 6 killing of a rhino.Rustam Ali of Jhaubari char in Morigaon district was nabbed and later arrested in connection with the recent poaching incident. Ali was involved in many other poaching cases earlier. Later, he reformed himself and surrendered his rifle. But Ali's arrest in connection with the December 6 killing has indicated that the poacher had only used the time since his reform last year to organize a poachers' gang to strike back in Orang again. \"We have interrogated Ali and based on his confessions, we are moving ahead with our investigation to nab others who were involved in the December 6 rhino killing,\" said Mangaldoi DFO Sushil Kumar Daila. The national park falls under the jurisdiction of Mangaldoi Wildlife Division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17563589", "title": "Kishanganj AMU centre: CM warns troublemakers", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Monday said strict action would be taken against those attempting to grab the land or create disturbance on the plot allotted to Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) in Kishanganj.On Sunday, a group of tribal people armed with bows and arrows and other weapons squatted on the land already transferred to the AMU for opening its centre. Talking to media people, the CM said two vehicles and some arms were seized and two persons were arrested. \"Whosoever with ulterior motive tries to create disorder will be firmly taken to task,\" he said. Nitish also asked the AMU authorities to start work on the land without further delay. The President has already given his assent for the centre.Principal secretary, home, Amir Subhani told TOI that soon after reports reached here, the district authorities were ordered not to tolerate any nuisance and remove the people trying to create disturbances at the AMU site.Subhani, who has been keeping a close watch on the situation in Kishanganj, said people in general showed patience. He said two vehicles, both bearing the registration number of Jharkhand, were seized from the spot and two of the tribal leaders were taken into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17565166", "title": "Malala Yousufzai's father is UN special advisor", "text": "The father of Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousufzai, who was shot by the Taliban for advocating girls' right to education, has been named as the Special UN Advisor on Global Education. The announcement was made by Gordon Brown , who is the United Nations' Special Envoy for Global Education. He said that once Malala gets well, she too will join the campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17565717", "title": "Goan gets patent for mechanical device invention", "text": "PANAJI: In a development that should bring some cheer to the Goan engineering community, a Goan has been granted a patent from the Indian patent office.Siolim resident Raghuvir Chary, a lecturer at government polytechnic at Altinho, has received a patent for an invention entitled 'An angle measuring device for measuring angles, 0 through 360, between any two surfaces, lines or objects'.Forty five-year-old Chary, who said he obtained an M.Tech degree from IIT-Bombay in 2000, has labelled his invention as 'Chary's Anglometer- the angle measuring device'.'The methods and equipment of the invention are adapted to the precise measurement of an angle in any plane, with a resolution of 0.1 arcsecond, by mechanical means', states the patent description of his device.He applied for the patent on October 3, 2007, and was granted the same on December 3, 2012.Chary claimed the application underwent examination and re-examination as part of a lengthy process before it was granted. The patent is valid for 20 years,he said.He claimed his invention provides direct reading of angles on one and said it was economical compared to other alternatives available. Chary said the invention had cost him around 1 lakh including cost for obtaining the patent. He said he had developed two versions of his invention- a quadrant type for general purpose applications and a theodolite type for navigational and other precise applications.Chary said he had entered his invention for some competitions and was also looking out for manufacturers to commercially manufacture his invention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564893", "title": "States fail to spend Rs 30,000 crore allocated for rural schemes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the government promised to dole out Rs 99,000 crore for such schemes in the current fiscal, the states have failed to utilize nearly Rs 30,000 crore meant for various flagship programmes like Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act ( MGNREGA).\"In 2012-13, about Rs 99,000 crore are being given to the states for rural development programmes. The responsibility for spending money on these programmes is entirely on state governments,\" the rural development minister Jairam Ramesh said in Rajya Sabha.Responding to a Parliament question, Ramesh said Rs 10,993 crore remained unspent under Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) and Rs 5,859 crore under Indira Aawas Yojana (IAY) last fiscal.Besides, Rs 8,919 crore could not be utilised under Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana ( PMGSY) and Rs 3,987 crore under Integrated Watershed Management Programme in 2011-12.\"The Central government provides the funds for rural development programmes which are broadly defined to include water supply and sanitation,\" he said.Ramesh said, \"There are very many practical problems in the field. I accept the point that we must work with the state governments to help them expand and improve their capacity to spend money. There is no shortage of money.\"There is no shortage of resources. But the real problem is in the ability of the states to spend money, particularly in states like Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, Assam, Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh and West Bengal on some programmes.\"Largely in central and eastern India, the administrative and technical capacity to spend money quickly in a transparent and accountable manner needs to be strengthened,\" he said.The minister said he was working with state governments to ensure that \"this happens sooner rather than later\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17566380", "title": "AGP raises influx issue on 'Swahid Divas'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The AGP, which was born out of the six-year-long Assam Agitation, on Monday observed 'Swahid Diwas' and paid tribute to the 855 student leaders who sacrificed their lives for an 'infiltrator-free Assam'.Khargeswar Talukdar was the first of the student leaders who laid down his life on December 10, 1979 and the day is observed as 'Swahid Divas'.\"It's almost three decades since we signed the Assam Accord to free the state from illegal infiltrators. The Congress government, which inked the agreement after so many young people lied down their lives, has failed to accord respect to them. The accord is still awaiting its proper implementation and Assam is still to be free from illegal Bangladeshis,\" said AGP president Prafulla Mahanta.Mahanta, who was a part of the agitation, lamented that the Centre and the state government have paid zero attention to the influx problem which has resulted in a complete change of demography in the state.\"The recent violence in the Bodoland Territorial Council area is a glaring instance of the impact of constant infiltration from Bangladesh. It's sad that while the Centre is ready to give away Indian land to the neighbouring country with no condition it is yet to discuss the deportation of infiltrators with the Bangladesh government at a diplomatic level,\" added Mahanta.The AGP reiterated its demand of updating the National Registrar of Citizenship (NRC) before the Lok Sabha polls slated for 2014. Earlier, chief minister Tarun Gogoi had announced that the NRC would be updated within three years in phases. \"The decision of updating the NRC was taken at a tripartite meeting to review the implementation of the Assam Accord in 2005. The Centre promised that it would complete the task within two years. In 2010, the then Union home secretary GK Pillai convened another tripartite meeting where it was decided that a pilot project for updating the NRC would be launched in two revenue circles - Barpeta and Chaygaon - and the process would be completed by December. But the government suspended the process of implementing the pilot project within hours of an organization launching a violent protest,\" said Manoj Saikia, AGP spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17564229", "title": "Human trafficking racket busted in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force busted a cross-border human trafficking racket and arrested seven persons, including six Bangladeshi nationals, on Monday.Acting on a specific alert, a Task Force team raided a brothel operating at house number 1-6-197/1/F, located at Bapuji Nagar in Musheerabad and arrested its organisers Bithi alias Roma, 28, Shamim Hossain, 42, Raj Mondal, working as an assistant to Dr Bose, who runs a clinic at Charminar Bus Depot, sex workers, Liza, 20, Julie, 25, a 14-year-old minor of Bangladesh and a customer, Bapi Ghosh, 43, from West Bengal.According to police, Bithi along with her husband came to India eight years ago through illegal means and stayed in Nadia district of West Bengal. Four years ago, she divorced her husband and came to Hyderabad as a sex worker. A year ago, she went to Bangladesh again and there she came in contact with Shamim Hossain. To earn easy money, Bithi and Shamim Hossain decided to set up a brothel in Hyderabad. They had discussed the issue with Raj Mondal, a relative of Bithi, and started a brothel in Musheerabad after bringing in three sex workers from Bangladesh.Task Force police said all the arrested Bangladeshis crossed the border illegally at Benapole-Bangaon area with the help of brokers.\"According to the culprits, it costs nothing more than Rs 2,000 to cross the border without any documents,\" additional DCP (Task Force) P Rameshaiah said.Police seized Rs 2,000 cash, a passport, various identity cards and five cell phones from them. They have been handed over to the Musheerabad police for further probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17564045", "title": "Lagaan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 actress presents Bharatnatyam", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Bollywood actress Gracy Singh presented a dance performance at the Sports ground here on Sunday. Gracy Singh is a trained Bharatnatyam dancer and has also acted in TV serials.Earlier, speaking to media Gracy said that classical dance performance is an artistic method of spiritual awakening and makes an artist disciplined. Hailing from Delhi, Gracy made Mumbai her base when she worked for TV serial 'Amanat' in 1998. She gained recognition when she played the lead role in Aamir Khan blockbuster Lagaan in 2001. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568441", "title": "Protesters accept Kamal's challenge", "text": "Kamal Haasan on sunday assured the muslim organisations that were preparing to protest his film that his movie 'Viswaroopam' starring himself, Rahul Bose , Shekar Kapoor and Andrea Jeremiah wasn't against Muslim. Kamal has requested Muslim organisations to serve biriyani to 1000 poor people, if the film was not against them.In his statement, Kamal said that \"If they watch the film, my brothers in Muslim community will feel bad for finding fault with me, since Viswaroopam will make them proud.\"\"Muslims, who suspect they have been depicted in a wrong manner, will have a change of heart after watching the film and as a remedy they have to send their brother (Haasan) lot of Biriyani for Eid next year, which I will share with the poor,\" added Kamal.Reacting to Kamal's request, the Tamil Nadu unit of Muslim League on Monday said that they are ready to serve biriyani to 1000 people if there is no any objectionable reference against Muslims in ' Viswaroopam '.Since there were reports earlier that the film has scenes which portray Muslims in bad light, Kamal Haasan had come out with a statement on Sunday, seeking to put an end to the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17567776", "title": "Dita Von Teese always looks her best", "text": "Actress and burlesque dancer Dita Von Teese says she would never leave the house without looking her best because she doesn't know who she will bump into.The 40-year-old, famed for her well-groomed look, says it's important to always look good.\"That (dressed down) look never worked for me. Any time I feel like being lazy, I think: 'The day I don't dress up, that's when I'll run into my ex-boyfriend - or worse, his new girlfriend,\"contactmusic.com quoted Von Teese as saying.\"I feel better about myself when I look my best. I always find the time to put on my powder and do my chignon,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564502", "title": "Govt promises relook at toll collection rules", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Monday accepted in Lok Sabha that there were problems with the legislation on collection of toll on national highways and said it would soon amend the relevant rules to bring relief to commuters from stiff increases in toll fee on highways being expanded from four to six lanes.\"The toll that is being charged from the date of awarding of contract for expansion of highways from four lanes to six lanes is being done as per the rules notified in 1997,\" road transport and highways minister C P Joshi told the Lok Sabha.The issue was raised by BJP MP Jitendra Singh Bundela from Khajuraho in Madhya Pradesh, who said people were being exploited by contractors who start collecting toll even before work starts. Referring to a case from Joshi's home state Rajasthan, he claimed a contractor had collected Rs 1,200 crore in toll even before taking up the six-laning work.However, ministry officials clarified that tolling on the stretch (Gurgaon-Jaipur) commenced only after the contractor started work and so far, this had been the practice in all four-lane projects being widened to six lanes.Joshi, who had to face tough questions in the House, accepted that there were discrepancies in the NH toll rules notified in 1997 and 2008 and these were causing problems to motorists across the country. The minister pointed out that the rules were cleared by Parliament which alone could set them right. \"We will soon move amendments to the rules. The matter will be referred to the Cabinet shortly,\" he said.Joshi also assured the House that immediate hike in toll fees on roads which would be expanded from four lanes to six would not be more than 25%. The ministry proposes to put a cap on increase in toll charges at 80% for such projects until the contractors complete construction work.To questions from members, Joshi said it was time they decided whether they were ready for public-private partnership model in construction of highways. He said investments to the tune of Rs 80,000 crore had been made in the sector in the public-private partnership mode and 20,000 km of roads had been built through such initiatives.To another question, Joshi said tractors were exempted from paying toll tax and a waiver of 50% tax was extended to vehicles registered in districts where the toll plaza was located.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17363388", "title": "Only by amending IT Act's flawed Section 66A can we stop its misuse", "text": "Telecom minister Kapil Sibal says the Information Technology Act shouldn't be misused to \"throttle dissent\". But is he prepared to go the length to stop misuse? Consider the legal gloss Section 66A of the Act puts on assaults on free expression. Two incidents should suffice as examples. In April, a professor was arrested in Kolkata for forwarding a cartoon depicting Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee. More recently, a young woman, Shaheen Dhada, and her friend were similarly victimised in Maharashtra \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the former for a Facebook post questioning Mumbai's shutdown following Bal Thackeray's death; the latter for liking the post!Sibal rightly raps Section 66A's erroneous application. Unfortunately, he seems unwilling to admit the controversial provision itself is deeply flawed. He hints at a possible review, but doesn't seem to acknowledge that the section's imprecise language encourages misuse. Under it, a person can face up to three years' jail for posting information online that's \"grossly offensive or has menacing character\". Ditto for electronic communications causing \"annoyance or inconvenience\", and uploading of information known to be false to cause \"annoyance, inconvenience, danger, obstruction, insult, injury, criminal intimidation, enmity, hatred, or ill will\".Several questions arise. With no precise guideposts, how to measure degrees of 'grossness' or 'menace' to decide what constitutes 'offence'? Are people to be locked up on vague grounds like causing 'insult', bearing 'ill will', or 'inconveniencing' or 'annoying' others? Indisputably, laws must check criminal intimidation and endangerment. But can law enforcers have so much interpretative licence that it becomes an alibi for discretionary infringement upon civil rights? Above all, listing what are significantly non-bailable offences, doesn't Section 66A go beyond the \"reasonable restrictions\" the Constitution imposes on free speech?Clearly, educating policemen on applying Section 66A isn't enough. The law itself needs modifying. Imprecise categories must be junked ('annoyance', 'inconvenience', 'offence' etc), so that crimes are defined with clarity. The more narrowly focussed the section is the better, since laws of libel and defamation already exist. No democratic nation should want to curb internet freedom save in specific cases based on clear objectives. True, Shaheen may have been harassed even without Section 66A, having also been booked under the IPC. But that only reminds us of the need to combat intolerance of dissent in all its avatars, be it harsh laws or politically manipulated law enforcement. Plurality of thought and diversity of opinion define our democracy. Our legal framework must reflect these robust values.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17566019", "title": "Resolution to call Bengaluru International Airport Kempe Gowda airport", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka assembly on Monday unanimously adopted a resolution urging the Centre to name Bengaluru International Airport (BIA) as Kempe Gowda International Airport. Law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar moved the motion in the assembly in Belgaum, which was supported by all members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17563956", "title": "'Doomsday' spells fortune for astrologers", "text": "HYDERABAD: The doomsday phenomenon has come as a boon for city astrologers as they are doing brisk business, thanks to worried believers in the theory. With astrologers and numerologists reporting a nearly 20% jump in business in the past few weeks owing to an increasing number of people asking them about what is in store for them on December 21.As the countdown to the date predicted to bring about the end of the world, according to an ancient Mayan calendar picks up speed, more and more people are turning to these professional soothsayers for advice. \"So far, nearly 100 people have enquired about December 21 causing a rise in business by at least 20%. They are asking whether this is true and if yes, then how to survive it,\" said Arvindacharya Dablodker, an astrologer from the city.According to the prophecy, the world might come to a sudden end on December 21, 2012, at the completion of a 5125-year cycle, known as the \"long count\" in the Mayan calendar.People fear that a variety of astronomical threats such as collision with a rogue planet or rare alignment of stars will trigger the destruction of the Earth.Daivagna Sharma, a noted numerologist from the city too said the frequency of customers picked up three months ago with nearly 20 such enquiries coming in daily. \"In fact, immediately after the news of the earthquake in Japan and the Tsunami threat spread on Friday, I started receiving calls from people asking me if these incidents marked the beginning of the end,\" said Sharma.He then added that so far at least 300 people have asked him to predict which island or mountain peak would survive the calamity on December 21, so that they could take their families there.\"People are keen to know things like whether they will find love before the world ends, if they should get married immediately, if they should take a dip in the Ganges or visit Kashi. Many even want me to suggest a quick way of making money, asking me to predict changes in the stock market and lottery ticket numbers,\" Sharma said.Some acclaimed astrologers from other cities too have been receiving calls from people here.\"I have received around five calls from people in Hyderabad who wanted to satiate their curiosity regarding the end of the world,\" said Shankar Hegde, a noted astrologer from Bangalore.While the elderly are asking which pujas or rituals to perform to ward off the peril from their families, the younger ones want to know the best way to fulfil their dreams.Astrologers have dismissed the doomsday theory, but said a minor natural disaster may occur soon.\"Our calendar and beliefs are different than those followed by the Mayans. In the past too there have been many such claims, but none have come true. According to Hindu astrology, Kalyug, the current period will last for another 4.3 lakh years,\" said Dablodker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "siddhpur", "code": "17565734", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcModi govt is anti-poor, anti-people\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "SIDDHPUR: On the penultimate day of campaigning for the first phase of polls in Gujarat, UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi raised the election pitch charging the Narendra Modi government of being anti-farmer, anti-poor and steeped in corruption.Addressing a massive rally in Siddhpur town of Patan district, she also accused the government of catering to few favourite industrialists only. State government spokesman and minister Jaynarayan Vyas is seeking his second term from Siddhpur.Gandhi also alleged that the government has indulged in \"hera-pheri\" (malpractices) of Central government funds meant for welfare schemes. \"We have known about the CAG reports (talking about corruption).There is large-scale corruption in Gujarat,\" she said.\"The UPA government has given sufficient funds for several schemes on agriculture, development, water harvesting and land improvement projects to the state. According to news reports, 'hera-pheri' is going on (in Gujarat),\" she said.Talking about farmers, she said that if the UPA government had waived off loans of farmers why were the farmers in Gujarat still under debt. \"The answer to this is clear...The policies of state government are anti-people,\" he said.The Congress president, who avoided naming Modi, also harped on the crime situation saying that people are feeling unsafe because of the deteriorating law and order situation in the state.Striking a local chord, Gandhi reminded people about the Congress' contribution to the development of north Gujarat by talking about irrigation projects of Dharoi and Sippu and establishing of ONGC by late Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru.\"Farmers of the region are suffering because of lack of water and power and people know who are responsible for this,\" she said.Targeting BJP's campaign of 'injustice to Gujarat by the Central government', she said, \"The UPA government has done no injustice to Gujarat but the state government here has done the real injustice to poor and needy by working in favour of few favourite industrialists only. All the funds have been diverted to benefit these businessmen.\"Referring to the power situation, she claimed that the Central government had given 3,128 MW power and Rs 1,800 crore grant to provide electricity to farmers. But still 57 talukas were in the dark zone and 4.5 lakh farmers were without power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564872", "title": "Judges to reveal all on foreign trips", "text": "NEW DELHI: Judges of the Supreme Court and high courts will now have to inform the government about their foreign visits, including the purpose, duration and source of funding.The apex court on Monday partially stayed a Delhi high court order which had quashed three paragraphs of the Centre's 2010 circular mandating judges to undertake foreign visits only with the approval of the chief justice of the high court concerned or the Chief Justice of India (CJI) and after submission of travel details to the government.The HC had termed these conditions an affront to the independence of higher judiciary and quashed them on May 25. Though the HC also quashed paragraph 10 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which listed the travel details to be submitted \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it clarified that judges needed to give information about the duration of a trip and the city of intended stay to the chief justice of the HC concerned and the CJI as the case may be.Arguing the government's challenge to the HC order, solicitor general R F Nariman said the circular was meant to provide security to judges when they were abroad. He said judges visited foreign countries on diplomatic passports issued by the Centre, and gathering information about the visit was to enable the ministry concerned to help the judges in case of a need. Note meant to provide security to judges: GovtThe SC on Monday stayed a Delhi high court order quashing paragraph 10 of the Centre's 2010 circular that made it mandatory for judges to submit their travel plans. A bench of Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and Justices S S Nijjar and J Chelameswar, however, said they knew of many instances where judges went abroad on their personal passport and not on a diplomatic passport. The government had clarified that the circular was meant to provide security to judges when they were abroad.The CJI said, \"Is it possible for persons to have diplomatic and private passport... I know of judges who travel every three months, but they do not hold a diplomatic passport.\"Additional solicitor general Paras Kuhad, appearing with solicitor general R F Nariman, said, \"The policy manual under the Passports Act entitles you to hold only one passport.\" Nariman added, \"Visas are also given to judges on diplomatic passports.\"Paragraph 10 of the circular says proposal of foreign visits must contain information relating to name, address and other details of the inviting organization, purpose of visit and duration, whether accompanied by spouse, other judges/officers, cost of visit including travel, DA and accommodation, source of funding, foreign tours undertaken in last three years, working days during the period of visit, whether an official tour was clubbed with a private visit and form of FCRA clearance.But, the bench headed by the CJI was unrelenting on the other quashed paragraphs of the circular, which sought details of private visits by SC/HC judges at their own expense.Nariman said, \"The idea is only to help. If the information is supplied to the chief justice, how can he help? The HC seems to have quashed the government order under a misconception that it relates to only private visits.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17565968", "title": "'No money till debris cleared'", "text": "PANAJI: Taking into account that large portions of the River Princess still remain embedded in the sea, the monitoring committee for the removal of the River Princess on Monday decided to abide by the agreement signed with Arihant Ship Breakers and to implement the clause of no-cure-no-pay.Accordingly, the contractor will be asked to furnish a fresh plan of action for the removal of the remnants of the ship within a specific time frame, failing which the penalty clause will be invoked.Tourism secretary R K Verma, who chaired the meeting along with revenue secretary Parimal Rai, said the monitoring committee will now place the matter before the government and with the government's approval, write to the contractor to remove the remainder of the River Princess from the seabed within a specific time frame.\"We have done a third-party survey and it says that lot of material is lying there. The NIO report clearly says that almost 180 metres of length of the vessel are lying buried inside. Unless that is removed, the question of payment does not arise,\" Verma said.The contractors were given a time limit of 180 working, fair weather days. Members of the committee feel that the contractor deserves to be given another opportunity as the \"best person to finish the job is the person who has removed it so far\". Members are also aware that a confrontation can result in litigation and inviting a fresh tender will delay the work by another year or two.Committee members said that though time is short, Arihant deserves to be given more time to remove as otherwise the government will be saddled with the issue for another year at least. Though the contractor has requested the government for part-payment, sources said the contractor has to complete the work to the satisfaction of the government and till then, the question of part-payment does not arise.The contractor had agreed to recover about Rs 14 crore by selling the vessel's scrap material. The government was supposed to pay the contractor Rs 99 crore less the value of the scrap.No time frame is being set but the contractor will be asked to submit its deadline, which has to be in accordance with the agreement that has been signed. If the deadline goes beyond that, they will have to pay the penalty, committee members said.Tourism minister Dilip Parulekar has repeatedly made clear his stand on the River Princess and that is no-cure-no-pay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17565373", "title": "Civic officials to seek state\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s contribution for drainage system", "text": "AURANGABAD: Senior officials of Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) will attend a meeting with state government officials in Nagpur on Thursday to finalise the loan proposal for the city's drainage system.Mayor Kala Ojha, deputy mayor Sanjay Joshi, leader of the house Raju Vaidya, standing committee chairman Vikas Jain and others will meet principal secretary of urban development department Shrikant Singh. The delegation will urge the state government to release its share for drainage and sewerage modernization in the city.Under the 'nagaruthhan' scheme of urban development department, the state government gives 50 % funds and the remaining 50 % share has to be arranged by the local body. However, looking at the financial position, the civic body could not arrange for its share. Meanwhile, HUDCO came to its rescue and sanctioned a loan of Rs 192 crore.MP Chandrakant Khaire had announced the scheme on the occasion 30th foundation day on December 8, 2012. He had declared that the Housing and Urban Development Corporation (HUDCO) had given loan approval for availing the state government's fund for improving the drainage and sewrage sytem in the city.Deputy mayor Sanjay Joshi said the corporation would get the loan on 12 per cent interest rate per annum. He also said that co-lateral security would be given to HUDCO, however, the corporation had not yet finalized the form of property to be mortgaged for the loan. \"The loan is very important to modernize the drainage and sewerage system in the city. And the civic body will repay the loan amount without any difficulty,\" he said.Recently, Khaire had said that he had discussed the loan proposal with the HUDCO officials and convinced them that the corporation needed the fund. He had also informed the HUDCO officials that the corporation could repay it within the scheduled time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17564850", "title": "Agitating farmers lock Gr Noida collectorate", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Agitating farmers demanding extra compensation for land acquired in 18 villages went berserk on Monday and locked the collectorate in Surajpur and even tried to hold officials hostage. The farmers, whose land was acquired at a meagre price and allegedly sold to a developer, have been sitting on hunger strike since December 5 outside the collectorate.The farmers reached at 10am and, after raising anti-government slogans, locked the main gate of the collectorate for at least half an hour. The city police and administration officials rushed to the scene where a heated argument occurred between cops and farmers. It was only after the city administration assured them of action that the farmers suspended their agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17565458", "title": "Coordination committee to rally for strikes", "text": "KOLKATA: The State Coordination Committee - the unions' wing of the West Bengal government employee samities - will stage a demonstration at Rani Rashmoni Avenue on Tuesday to voice their demands, including the right to call strikes. The committee will also participate in the two-day countrywide strike called by the All India federations on February 20 and 21 next year to protest against diesel and cooking gas price hike and FDI.\"The government is against FDI and is protesting against fuel price hike. But if we call a strike on these issues, the government will not allow. This is a peculiar contradiction. We are demanding that government employees be given the right to call and participate in strikes,\" committee secretary Ananta Bandyopadhaya said. Bandyopadhaya also protested against the state's decision to cut a day's salary of government employees who had joined the previous strike by the trade union and all India federations.The state coordination committee - the unions wing of the West Bengal government employee samities will stage a demonstration at Rani Rashmoni Avenue on Tuesday evening to air their demands to give the government employees of all levels from the state government, panchayat level, boards, corporation employees and teachers all their rights, including the right to call strikes. The committee will also participate in the two day All India strike called by the All India federations from on February 20 and 21 next year to protest against the price hike of diesel and cooking gas and the introduction of FDI.The committee secretary Ananta Bandyopadhaya said that this would be for the first time that a 48 hours strike call has been called.The committee has come up with several demands, like giving the right to hold strike including to give the right to participate in trade unions. \"The state government is against FDI and protesting against fuel hike. But if we call a strike on these issues, the government will not allow it. This is a peculiar contradiction. We are demanding that the government employees should be given the right to call and participate in strikes,\" Bandyopadhaya said.Bandyopadhaya also protested against the state government's decision to cut a day's salary for all government employees who had joined the previous All India strike call by the trade union and all India federations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17566064", "title": "Bangalore garbage can produce 2.26 lakh units of power daily: Expert", "text": "MANGALORE: About 2.26 lakh units of electricity can be generated from garbage produced in Bangalore every day, according to V V Bhat, secretary to the Union government and a member (finance) Space/Atomic energy/Earth Commissions.Speaking at the inauguration of a two-day national seminar on 'Waste management and alternate energy sources' organized by St Aloysius College on Monday he said that Urban local bodies should encourage people to set up waste management plants by providing free land to those who are interested in constructing them.Giving a solution to the IT city's garbage menace he said, \"Phone number of the officers attached to local bodies who are responsible cleaning up garbage should be published on dustbins so that people can contact them if garbage is not taken away. Poor waste management has also led to stray dog menace in Bangalore.\" He also urged to hike the salaries of people engaged in clearing the garbage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564639", "title": "After 5 yrs, wife wins insurance fight", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five years after losing her husband in an accident, Manisha Devi, the widow of a CRPF jawan, will finally get insurance after a district consumer forum in Delhi ruled in her favour.Noting that the insurance company's action was \"unjustified\", District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum (East) has asked Oriental Insurance Company to pay Rs 4.5 lakh as insurance to the widow and an additional Rs 1 lakh as compensation for \"harassment, mental pain and agony\".The forum also directed the company to deduct the compensation from the salary of the branch manager who rejected Manisha's claim. \"We direct that this amount of Rs 1 lakh shall be recovered by the insurance company from the salary of the branch manager who rejected the claim of the complainant... The amount of compensation is the result of an unjustified action of the insurance company authorities who rejected the bona fide claim of the complainant,\" the order passed by N A Zaidi, president of the forum, and T Vijayan, a member, said. The bench also remarked that \"we have been observing in case of insurance companies that they are interested in prolonging the insurance and their main object is to deny the claim on one ground or the other, whether that ground is available or not\".Manisha had filed a complaint with the district forum in the capital in 2010, alleging the insurance company repudiated her claim. Vijay Kumar had two insurance policies amounting to Rs 4,50,500, in which Manisha was a nominee. Before approaching the east Delhi forum, Manisha had filed a complaint with Narnaul's district forum and the Haryana state consumer disputes redressal commission. The Narnaul district forum had dismissed the claim on the grounds of \"lack of territorial jurisdiction\" .Manisha had sought Rs 1 lakh by way of compensation and Rs 50,000 as litigation expense along with the sum she was entitled to. The company said the \"claim filed by the complainant was against the terms and conditions\" stipulating that a claim made later than seven days from the date of loss will not be entertained. \"The intimation of loss was received on June 11, 2007, whereas the accident had taken place on June 1, 2007,\" the insurance company argued.But the forum said that in such cases the families are always in shock; so it takes some time before they can lay hands on the documents and think about filing the claim.Most companies seem to be interested in prolonging the insurance and their object is to deny the claim, the bench said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17565755", "title": "Chargesheets filed by Mumbai cops in less than 25% cases", "text": "MUMBAI: An analysis of case figures for January to October, made available by the Mumbai police, shows that chargesheets have been filed in only 5,901 cases, fewer than a quarter of all registered cases. Combined with the fact that cops closed 1,917 cases in the same period, it shows that a massive 68.5% of the registered cases in 10 months are pending with the police.A senior police officer said that most of the 1,870 cases closed under A summary (see box), the norm most frequently used, would be petty or property-related cases. It indicates that the police are not treating every offence seriously. In serious offences, they wait for a year or more before filing the report. They can reopen investigation whenever they find any clue after informing the court.Admitting that piling cases at police stations is a problem, an officer said cops often decide not to thoroughly probe petty cases like chain-snatching or family disputes, considering it a waste of public resources. They find that the easiest way to dispose of petty offences is by filing an A summary report.In a reflection of the Mumbai policemen's perception of priority, the senior officer said detection rates in serious offences is high in Mumbai unlike in the petty and property-related cases.After the furore over the Palghar case, DGP Sanjeev Dayal had said the local police would file a C summary report in the case. But many lawyers say that instead of couching the action of the suspended policemen in the confusion clause, the force should file it under B summary, admitting that it was a false case.Referring to the poor rate of chargesheeting, an officer said delay in filing the chargesheet often helps the accused influence a case. Till a chargesheet is filed and all the investigation documents are sent to the custody of the respective court, policemen's hands can be greased to make changes in it.The senior officer said, \"It's the responsibility of the zonal deputy commissioner to ensure that the cases are disposed of in a time-bound manner. The DCP should enquire about pendency and the reasons for delaying a chargesheet during regular visits to the police stations. The large pendency is not good for the department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17566277", "title": "HC-ordered environmental study at Vilappilsala unwarranted: Residents", "text": "KOCHI: The Vilappilsala people's forum on Monday contended that the environmental study ordered by the Kerala High Court at Vilappisala treatment plant is unwarranted as the functioning of the waste plant there has been statutorily prohibited.The Samara Samithi (forum of protesters) put forward this contention in an affidavit filed in the court through their counsel Kaleeswaram Raj in response to the court's direction to nominate members to the committee for environmental study.On November 19, the court ordered for the setting up of an expert committee to study the environmental issues related to the garbage treatment facility at Vilappilsala.The court had also asked the parties in the case, which includes Thiruvananthapuram Corporation, Vilappilsala panchayat, Kerala State pollution control board, and the state government, to suggest members for setting up the expert group.On Monday, the forum however contended that the land purchased by the Thiruvananthapuram Corporation at Vilappilsala is unsuitable for running a waste treatment plant as it is a thickly-populated area and is a habitation cluster as defined in the municipal solid wastes (management and handling) rules of 2000.Going by the Rules, there is a clear prohibition against establishing or running a landfill site or waste disposal or management site in a thickly-populated area. In this regards a study by an expert or expert committee itself is unwarranted, the affidavit stated.Further, the forum argued that if at all an expert committee is to be constituted, it should conduct studies about alternative methods of disposal of waste generated in the corporation within the city limits.The forum also pointed out that the corporation had been treating waste without taking it to Vilappilsala since November last year. This indicates that it is possible for the corporation to manage the waste without taking it to Vilappilsala.Apart from this, the forum also suggested the names of two experts, C M Joy, an associate professor in Botany at Sacred Heart College at Thevara and N Chandra Mohana Kumar, professor, chemical oceanography department of Cochin University of science and technology (Cusat).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17563549", "title": "Railways to invite bids for Marhaura and Madhepura plants", "text": "PATNA: The Railways has decided to invite the global bid for setting up two locomotive factories at Marhaura in Saran district and Madhepura in Bihar by December 15. It was decided at a high-level meeting held recently under the chairmanship of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. These two factories would manufacture diesel and electric locomotives, respectively.According to an ECR official, both these projects will be taken up on public private partnership (PPP) mode.This will be the 11th bid invited by railways for these two factories in Bihar.Earlier, railways could not strike a deal with foreign companies for setting up these two locomotive factories on PPP mode, he said.A board official said railways has already finalized the factories' design.There is likely to be major changes in price variation, delivery schedule, maintenance payment, transfer of technology for maintenance and termination clauses in the new documents being drafted by railways, he said.A board member said efforts would be made to award the contracts before the budget for 2013-2014.Officials associated with these projects in Bihar have been asked to get ready to kick off these two projects, he said.According to sources, railways has set up a high-level committee to shortlist fresh bidders for these two ambitious projects. Modalities and other conditions would be decided by the new committee.Accordingly, the committee would put these two projects before the Union cabinet for final approval, sources said.Railways would need about 1,800 electric locomotives for passenger and goods trains in coming years.It would require more locomotives on completion of dedicated freight corridor. The Marhaura factory would be constructed at an estimated cost of Rs2,025 crore while Madhepura electric factory is to be built at an estimated cost of Rs1,300 crore, an ECR official said.The two factories were announced by the then railway minister, Lalu Prasad. At present, the railways has two locomotive factories in Varanasi (diesel) and Chittaranjan (electric).Railways has also taken steps to augment the current electric loco production capacity of Chittaranjan from 200 to 250 locomotives every year, sources said.The bids for the two factories to manufacture diesel and electric locomotives will be invited by December 15. Both projects will be taken up on PPP mode and this will be the 11th bid invited by railways for the two factories in Bihar Railways has already finalized the factories' designThere is likely to be major changes in price variation, delivery schedule, maintenance payment, transfer of technology for maintenance and termination clauses in the new documents being drafted by railways new move", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17563497", "title": "Filing false cases a habit with citizens too", "text": "MUMBAI: It's not just the men in khaki who are guilty of registering false cases against people or not applying their mind while invoking the provisions of law. Citizens too file frivolous or false police cases, usually to settle personal scores. In the last 10 months alone, police decided to act against 16 complainants for registering false cases. However, in one case they decided to be lenient, as the complaint involved an 11-year-old student who lied to his parents.The kid, who was studying in the primary section of a convent school, approached the police along with his father, alleging that an unknown boy from the secondary section had pushed the kid in the garden, and he consequently fractured his hand. But during investigations, after speaking to teachers and other students, police learnt the kid had lied to avoid the wrath of his parents after he fractured his hand while playing in a park.In Mumbai, police filed 42 A and B-summary reports before courts in the last 10 months. In some of these, police could easily have avoided registering an offence, as in the Khar incident. But a local policeman said complainants often insist on registering an FIR and are accompanied by advocates to pressurise the police. Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said, \"We have to follow the Supreme Court and High Court guidelines. Police have to register an FIR immediately when cognizable offences are reported to them for investigation.\"In another case in Oshiwara, police decided to file a B-summary report in a 'robbery and kidnapping' involving two women. The women wanted to exchange designer dresses they had bought from a Lokhandwala shop, but the salesman refused. They then dumped the purchased clothes in the shop and took away other clothes they had selected from the shop. The salesman followed them till the car, pleading that he would lose his job if they took away the clothes without the owner's permission. But the women drove off, with the salesman still in the car in a bid to take out the clothes. When the shop owner learnt of the incident, he immediately filed a case at Oshiwara police station. But after a few hours, police learnt what had actually transpired and decided to a file B-summary report.In another instance in Oshiwara last year, police requested the court for permission to prosecute a 61-year-old woman for filing a false case to settle a person score. She had filed an assault case against her daughter's friend who wanted to marry the girl despite her refusal. Police arrested the man, but learnt during investigation that the man was not in the area when the alleged 'assault' took place. Police then filed a B-prosecution report and there has been no further development in the case.Times View: Closure reports indicate corruption, inefficiencyThe phenomenon of so many cases being closed indicates several ills, the most important being the trend of tardy investigation or, worse, deliberate misapplication of the mind and the law by cops. A case being closed does not compensate a person who may have been traumatised by the initial action. The state home department must get to the bottom of every closed case and then determine whether there has been deliberate harassment of a citizen before suitably compensating the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17569089", "title": "The Wanted's Max George calls LiLo a groupie", "text": "Lindsay Lohan , who has been following The Wanted around America like a lost sheep recently, has been called a \"groupie\" by band member Max George.After allegedly getting into a fight with another girl over George and then getting arrested for it, the lads took pity on their new Hollywood fan and let her ride on their tour bus for three days, the Mirror reported.They were said to be lining up a big night out in New York with Lohan and her sister Ali after the Jingle Ball.But it was there that George gave an interview, basically calling his rumoured love interest a cling on.When asked if he was dating the actress he replied: \"No, what's the right word for her? A yeah, a groupie!\"Bandmate Nathan Sykes added: \"She is probably hiding in our suitcase right now!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17565443", "title": "Lucknow-Patna flight to be restored from Dec 20", "text": "INDORE: For people from Uttar Pradesh and Bihar living in Indore, reaching home will be a bit easier with starting of flights from Indore to Lucknow and Patna from December 20. Air connectivity between Indore-Lucknow-Patna has been restored after nearly three months.Jet Airways will start a flight to Patna via Lucknow on its old schedule. It will be the only flight between Indore-Lucknow-Patna.According to an airline official a flight from Ahmedabad will land at Indore airport at 7.45 am and it will take off for Patna via Lucknow at 8.15 am. The flight will operate on Ahmedabad-Indore-Lucknow-Patna-Kolkata route. Same flight will return from Kolkata via Patna and Lucknow and it will reach Indore at 8.35 pm and then take off for Ahmedabad at 9.05 pm.Jet Airways official said they reschedule flight operations from time to time and flight for Lucknow and Patna has been started under the same.T K Jose of Jose Travels said Indore has a good number of people from north Indian states and many of them prefer to travel by air as getting train reservation is difficult. He added they had received several inquiries about the flight after its discontinuation.It is to be noted that nearly two and half months back Jet Airways had stopped its only flight for Lucknow and Patna from city on September 29. It has left many flyers disappointed as they had to travel to these destination via Mumbai.After the current rescheduling of flight operations Jet Airline has stopped its Ahmebad-Indore-Bhopal-Raipur-Kolkata flight to restore its operation on Ahmedabad-Indore-Lucknow-Patna-Kolkata route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17564155", "title": "Stolen diamonds recovered, four held", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Mahankali police on Monday formally arrested four persons in the diamond theft case and recovered property worth Rs 18 lakhs from them.The arrested persons were identified as Moula Ali, Biplab Das, employees of Green Dart courier, Basith and Shaik Ibrahim, workers of furniture shops near Ek Minar mosque. All of them stay in rented accommodation in Nampally.On November 8, G Sanjeeva Reddy, employee of Green Dart Courier agency, lodged a complaint with the Mahankali police alleging that a parcel, which they were supposed to deliver to Prem Rathan Soni of Himayathnagar, went missing.A Delhi-based diamond merchant, Haleemuddin, had sent the parcel through Green Dart on October 30. In turn, the courier agency sent the parcel to Hyderabad through Carex (Air Cargo) Cargo Express Private Limited. On October 31, Mukhesh Agarwal, in-charge of Carex cargo, informed Green Dart Courier that they handed over the parcel to an employee of Green Dart after necessary verification.But as their employees denied receiving the parcel, Green Dart's representative Sanjeeva Reddy lodged a complaint with the Mahankali police and a case was registered.During investigation, police found out that as Sanjeeva Reddy was not present at the office, Biplab Das had authorised the Carex staff to handover the parcel to his colleagues on October 31. \"With the authorisation of Biplab Das, Basith and Ibrahim received the parcel and handed it over to Moula Ali,\" deputy commissioner of police (DCP), North Zone, Ch Srikanth said.After Carex staff handed over the parcel to his associates, posing as authorised Green Dart employee, Biplab Das went to Carex office, located at Paan Bazaar and asked for the parcel. Carex staff then alerted Sanjeeva Reddy and a complaint was lodged with police.After committing the offence, Moula Ali fled to Mumbai, Basith and Ibrahim took shelter at their friend's place in Bidar. Special teams of police 'forced' Moula Ali to surrender and using the information given by him, other alleged were picked up from Bidar and the city. On interrogation, they confessed that they had committed the offence to solve their financial problems. Based on their confession, police recovered the entire stolen booty from their possession.The arrested persons along with the seized property were taken to court, after which they were remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17563686", "title": "VMC online complaint facility proves ineffective", "text": "VARANASI: The facility of receiving complaints online, introduced by Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) in order to avoid inconveniences like standing in long queues and providing quick solution, is proving inefficient.Only two to three online complains are registered daily in comparison to telephonic complaints of around 20. The sender of the online complaints neither get any message, nor the status of the complaint is made available on VMC website.Online public grievances incharge Shweta Singh said that the process is not very effective. Athough, the complaints are registered online but many VMC departments are still not computerized. Therefore, even if the complaint has been filed for early redressal, it takes almost equal time in providing solutions. \"Online complains are written on paper and handed over to the department concerned. After solving the matter, the departments send us back the report and we maintain our record. No communication is made with the complainant about the status of the complain. So far only 490 online complaints were registered at VMC this year.The KMC failed to provide the exact number of online complains which have been solved this year.As many as 2,900 telephonic complaints were made so far this year and 2777 solved.VARANASI: If one is hoping that damaged roads will be repaired, handpumps changed and new dustbins installed after registering a complaint under the public grievances cell of Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC), the hope may be shattered as the VMC does not consider such complaints.According to the public grievances cell of VMC, such complaints are actually demands which cannot be considered under the complaint cell. There are as many as 123 such cases pending at the VMC complaint cell.The demands are time-consuming and can be fulfilled only when there is any drive or project undertaken to complete such work. Complaints about collection of garbage, streetlights, repairing old streetlights, encroachment and repairing sewage pipes are generally considered in the complain cell.It generally takes around 28 to 48 hours to solve the problem of garbage collection, more than 48 hours in repairing sewage pipes and two to three days in repairing streetlights for which the complains have been registered.Once the complaints are registered via telephone, SMS is sent to the complainant as well as to the officer of the department concerned. If the department fails to solve the matter, it will bring it into the notice of municipal commissioner.Online public grievances incharge Shweta Singh said that the process is not very effective. Athough, the complaints are registered online but many VMC departments are still not computerized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17565569", "title": "Upadhyay is new IGP", "text": "CHANDIGARH: R P Upadhyay, a 1991 batch IPS officer of AGMUS cadre, will be the new inspector general of police (IGP) of Chandigarh. Upadhyay, 47, is currently posted with Enforcement Directorate (ED) as additional director in Delhi.Upadhyay's name was cleared by ministry of home affairs (MHA) and a written communication has been sent to Chandigarh administration. The post of IGP, Chandigarh, had fell vacant after the retirement of former DGP P K Srivastva on November 30. Upadhyay is an MBA and M Phill pass out from Delhi University and he had also served on deputation in Andaman &amp; Nicobar, and in Daman for two years each before being posted with the ED.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17565776", "title": "Rs 1.75 lakh fraud: SIM conman eludes cops", "text": "MUMBAI: The Samta Nagar police investigating the case in which Kandivli resident Chinmay Dash's bank account was emptied of Rs 1.75 lakh by cyber criminals are trying to trace the caller who got the victim's phone SIM card deactivated to prevent him from getting debit alerts from the bank. Dash has provided the caller's number to the police and officers will get in touch with his service provider for more information.On November 26, Dash woke up to find that his cellphone had no network. He then switched his SIM to another handset but it did not help. Later, he checked his text messages on the first handset and was alarmed to find an SMS from his service provider, stating that his request for changing his SIM had been accepted. As Dash had made no such request, he called up his service provider and was told that the request was made on November 25, around 10.10pm. As he was a \"valued customer\", he was given the privilege of making such requests over the phone. Dash then decided to check his bank account as his phone number had been registered for online transactions. The bank confirmed his worst fear that Rs 1.75 lakh had been transferred out of his account to bank accounts in UP and Rajasthan in 11 transactions.\"It took me eight days simply to get my complaint accepted by the cyber crime cell at Bandra-Kurla Complex. The officers told me they don't have sufficient manpower and that an FIR should be registered at the Samta Nagar police station in whose jurisdiction I reside. The FIR was registered on December 3, but frankly, the local police neither have the technical expertise nor the training to understand cyber crimes. I was told that the cyber crime cell would conduct a parallel investigation. I hope the two don't end up passing the buck,\" Dash said.Dash, who is between jobs, said the bank had refused to refund his money. \"The bank hasn't got back to me as to whose accounts in UP and Rajasthan the money has gone to and what action has been taken against them. Also, how could the phone service provider deactivate my SIM and issue a new one without my providing any documentation or signing any form? I'm going to pursue this matter till the end and also approach the consumer court,\" Dash said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17565101", "title": "Online campaign: Name royal baby after Jacintha Saldanha", "text": "A campaign is under way on Facebook to name Prince William and Catherine's yet-to-be-born baby as Jacintha in the nurse's memory. This, even as a debate rages on in the UK and back home in India about the circumstances in which Jacintha Saldanha died. The Facebook page has been set up on December 8. The creators of the page have requested netizens to \"Please like this page and spread awareness\". The page has already received 135 likes and is evoking some strong reactions from various quarters with some supporting it and others dismissing it as a downright silly idea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17563596", "title": "Hi-tech slaughter house on the anvil in city", "text": "PATNA: If things go according to plans, Patna may soon have a hi-tech slaughter house. An expression of interest on the website of Bihar urban infrastructure development corporation limited (BUIDCO) has been posted about setting up a modern slaughter house on a five-acre plot at Rama Chakberia on Patna-Gaya Road. The estimated cost of the slaughter house would be Rs 26.34 crore.The proposed structure would have the capacity of slaughtering 200 buffaloes besides 350 sheep and goat on eight-hour shift basis. Ministry of Food Processing Industry, Government of India (MoFPI), has approved Rs 11 crore grant for the project. The bidders can avail the grant subject to the condition that it meets the MoFPI guidelines.According to the proposal, the selected agency would have to set up backward linkage and livestock reception yard, a lairage, slaughter lines for sheep, goat and buffalo, effluent treatment plant (ETP), dry rendering plant, forward linkage with meat, transport facility under cold chain system and meat packaging plant. To keep the plant and adjoining areas healthy, the agency would have to install a rendering-cum-carcass utilization plant for disposal of cadavers and meat waste.However, BUIDCO managing director Anupam Kumar Suman said, \"The project has to be implemented in 24 months. It is a semi-mechanized project but the agency would be free to install a fully mechanized plant.\"He said, \"The food processing sector would be deemed to include modern slaughter house and rendering plant, ETP, fruits and vegetables processing plant, processing plant for meat, meat products, fish and fish products, milk or milk products, cold storage for perishable food products, any food park duly approved by the Ministry of Food Processing, government of India or any state government or union territory.\"Earlier, Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) had constructed a boundary wall around the allotted land but due to the local residents' protest they had failed to proceed with the project. The slaughter house will be made under public private partnership (PPP) mode.PMC maintains one goat abattoir near Ashok Cinema. \"Maintaining a goat abattoir is far easier than providing hygiene to the cow abattoir. The existing cow abattoir runs in an unhealthy and unhygienic condition and there is no option than to shift it,\" said PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17563407", "title": "Why is AFI keeping key post vacant?", "text": "BANGALORE: As the Athletics Federation of India (AFI) fends off charges relating to the unanimous elections held earlier this year in Manesar and gets ready to give a suitable explanation to the sports ministry on charges of irregularities in the elections, one of the major decisions taken at the AGM is likely to put the AFI officials further on the defensive.According to sources, the Annual General Body meeting, held with the blessings of former secretary Lalit Bhanot, decided to keep a key post vacant after the Commonwealth Games secretary general pulled out of the race.\"It was decided at the AGM to keep the post of senior vice president vacant and this was done to accommodate Bhanot whenever he returned to take charge officially after clearing his name. The post is still lying vacant even though the elections were held in April. Bhanot had filed his nomination for the post but later withdrew,\" sources told TOI.When asked about this, AFI president Adille Sumariwala said no one applied for the post of senior VP. He also said the allegations of Bhanot running the show, even though he is not an office bearer, is false.\"That's completely untrue. All such allegations are just to create trouble. You ask the athletes. Such allegations are very hurtful,\" Sumariwala, a former national sprint champion, said.Despite the president's explanation, it is still baffling why the AFI has not bothered to fill up the post as it is the senior vice president who will have to take over the charge of the president in case of any emergency. After AFI president Umrao Singh passed away in 2009 it was senior VP ML Jadam who took over the responsibilities of the president.\"The Senior VP is part of the Emergency Committee or any other committee formed by the president and secretary of the federation for taking any important decision where adequate time may not have been available to convene the executive council meeting,\" says the constitution of the AFI.Sumariwala insisted they are fully co-operating with the ministry to clear the air.\"Our case is completely different from the others. We have already amended our constitution to accommodate the age and tenure guidelines,\" he said.Sources in AFI also said that the ministry officials have told them that there won't be any suspension unlike in the case of archery and boxing.\"We have clarified many concerns of the ministry including that of the restrictive clause with regard to the election of the principal office bearers. We are ready to give them more answers,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17563521", "title": "31 teams to participate in Mullik soccer meet", "text": "PATNA: More than 900 participants of 31 teams of state police forces and paramilitary units of the country would fight it out for the B N Mullik Memorial 61st All India Police Football Championship trophy from December 12 to 21, DGP Abhayanand said on Monday.The championship, being organized by Bihar Police, would be inaugurated by CM Nitish Kumar at the Moinul Haq Stadium here on Wednesday. \"The pre-quarterfinal matches would be played in Munger, Gaya and Bettiah, besides in the state capital. We are trying to bring these towns on the sports map of the country,\" said the DGP, who is also the organizing committee president.Indian striker Baichung Bhutia has consented to grace the occasion. \"The tournament has been named after B N Mullik, IPS,\" he said. Bihar police have endorsed a tiger (graphic) from Valmiki Tiger Reserve (VTR) as their mascot. Cultural programmes highlighting the rich heritage of Bihar will also be part of the inaugural and closing ceremony. CBI director Ranjit Sinha would be the chief guest on December 21.Jitendra Rana, IPS, would lead the home team. He has represented Haryana in football at national level. \"We have many young policemen in the team who have practised a lot. We hope that they will perform their best in the tourney,\" the DGP said, adding that last year Bihar had lost the pre-quarterfinals to the BSF.Talking about the All India Police Athletics Tournament being hosted by the state in March, the DGP said, \"A stadium of international standards is under construction at Phulwarisharif with an 8-lane synthetic track and floodlights, among other features. The total cost of the stadium would be about Rs 17 crore.The morning matches would be held from 10am to 12 noon while the afternoon matches are scheduled for 2:30pm to 4:30pm. A total of Rs 50 lakh will be spent on the event, Abhayanand said. In Patna, the matches would be held at the Moinul Haq Stadium and the Police Lines. Last year, the tourney was held in Assam and the hosts had won it. The home team can take a cue from that!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17565245", "title": "SAD leader booked for beating man to death", "text": "AMRITSAR: The spate of violent crimes being committed by leaders of the Shiromani Akali Dal continued in Punjab as on Monday Ajnala police in Amritsar booked block general secretary of SAD's Youth Akali Dal (YAD) for abducting and mercilessly beating a young man, Gurpreet Singh alias Gopi, who died in a hospital on Monday.YAD leader Amarjit Singh is also the sarpanch of Nangal Wanjha Wala village of the district.Police sources said the sarpanch was not happy with Gopi's relationship with a woman. Sources added that cops were investigating this relationship which could be a motive behind Gopi's kidnapping.Sukhraj Kaur, a resident of Nangal Wanjha Wala village, in a complaint to the police on Monday said that on the night of December 8 her son Gopi (23) was sleeping at home when the sarpanch of the village Amarjit Singh along with accomplices Pargat Singh, Swaran Singh, Ninder Singh and others barged into their home and forcibly took away Gopi.The family members of Gopi kept on searching for him the entire night and came to know the next day that he was kept in the house of Pargat Singh in the same village where he was being beaten.\"On the morning of December 9, when the relatives reached Pargat's house to save Gopi, the captors of Gopi opened fire at them,\" said police sources, adding that later, on the intervention of some influential persons, Gopi was handed over to the family the same day.Gopi was in a critical condition and was admitted to a private hospital in Amritsar on Sunday and he died on Monday.SSP Amritsar (rural) PS Virk told TOI that police have registered a case under section 304 of the IPC against Amarjit Singh. Virk added that no arrest has been made and all the accused, including Amarjit, were on the run.It's the fourth such incident involving Akali politicians and their relatives which has come to light since December 5 when a SAD politician had gunned down a Punjab police ASI in Amritsar.On Friday, a SAD leader in Gurdaspur had assaulted a traffic cop and on Sunday nephews of two Akali politicians had opened fire in a village in Muktsar while allegedly trying to grab land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "17566004", "title": "RBI to reach out to rural masses", "text": "KARWAR: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has plans to reach out to people in remote areas by providing mobile ATM facilities, Subeer Gokarn, deputy governor of RBI said on Monday.He was speaking at the outreach programme organized by RBI at Mudageri village in Karwar taluk.The programme was held to create awareness about financial literacy among the rural masses. It was the 11th programme in the series in the state. RBI's endeavour is to preserve the value of people's money in more than one way and empower rural masses with information on how to preserve their wealth, he added.Uma Shankar, regional director of RBI, said RBI has chalked out many programmes to encourage the talent of students. Women self help groups are being funded by banks to ensure financial independence and women should avail the benefit, she said.M G Singhvi, chairman and MD of Syndicate Bank, said the bank is the convener of the financial inclusion programme in the state.M P Kamat, deputy manager of Syndicate Bank, Palanisami, banking ombudsman and Gokuladas Naik, president of Mudageri gram panchayat were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564909", "title": "Shinde keen to hold all-party meet on Telangana on Dec 28", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde is keen to keep his December 28 rendezvous with Andhra political parties on the Telangana issue, notwithstanding a request from state chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy for postponing it because of his preoccupation with a conference from December 26 to 28.Shinde told reporters here on Monday that Jaganmohan Reddy's YSR Congress would be among the parties to be invited to the all-party meeting on the Telangana issue. However, he was non-committal when asked if only one leader each would represent the parties, as suggested by Congress MPs from Telangana and the Telangana Rashtriya Samiti (TRS) to rule out any ambivalence in their stand.\"I will write to all the political parties and they can decide whether to depute one or two representatives,\" he told a press briefing here to present the MHA's November report card.Asked if the all-party meeting will come up with a final solution to the Telangana imbroglio, Shinde chose to keep up the suspense. \"The process of discussion will continue till a solution is found,\" is all that he was willing to commit.Shinde had last week met Congress MPs from Telangana and, faced with their threat of a boycott of the FDI vote in the Lok Sabha, sought to pacify them by offering to hold an all-party meeting on the statehood issue on December 28. The MPs subsequently voted with the government, helping in getting the motion passed.However, subsequently Congress general secretary for Andhra Pradesh Ghulam Nabi Azad attempted to make light of the all-party meeting, saying that it was called by Shinde to understand the Telangana issue better and know the viewpoint of each party.Incidentally, the fate of the proposed all-party meeting had become uncertain with CM Reddy seeking its postponement citing a Telugu conference for which he was required to be away from December 26 to 28.Shinde, however, refused to give out a new schedule stating that he would be writing to all the parties to know their convenience in attending the proposed December 28th meet.\"The chief minister met me on Saturday and gave me a letter....requesting that it be postponed. I have not taken it (the request) very seriously. I still have to write to all parties. Let us see their response,\" said Shinde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17565931", "title": "Stakeholders: Will Act protect or destroy our khazan lands?", "text": "PANAJI: The draft Goa Khazan Land Development Board Act, 2012, is likely to run into rough weather. Stakeholders are apprehensive about the inevitable infringement on fundamental rights and the commercialization of fertile agricultural lands if the board is vested with unwanted powers of ownership, sale and development of khazan land.A cross-section of stakeholders and activists have raised several issues over the proposed dissolution of decades-old tenants associations in khazan areas to allow for the formation of cooperative societies. The loss of tenants' rights to land and the socio-economic implications of the change over are troubling.The draft Act was notified mid-November for suggestions and objections from the public. Interest groups are viewing the formation of the board as an attempt to transfer huge tracts of agricultural land to private parties.\"Empowering the board to collect funds from financial institutions, non-resident Indians and open market is likely to give private parties the upper hand in land ownership matters,\" said Abhijit Prabhudesai of Goenchea Xetkareancho Ekvott, a Margao-based farmers' body.The board has powers to issue guaranteed or unguaranteed bonds, debentures and stocks or to use other means to raise funds to finance its schemes under Section 30 of the Act. \"If all stock/shareholders decide to pursue some project or construct a hotel in khazan land, the board will be forced to accept it,\" he warned.The age-old system of community-based sharing of land, the tenancy and tenants associations are likely to fade away after the board starts functioning. Section 44 and its sub-sections envisage dissolution of tenants' associations formed under the Agricultural Tenancy Act, 1964 within 90 days of notification to pave way for cooperative societies. The associations are required to hand over their records and bank accounts to the new cooperative societies.\"This will create problems for the poor and will also deprive tenants' bodies the income generated from auctioning of fishing rights,\" said Prabhudesai.Though a few are unhappy about the tenants' associations' functioning they are against the dismantling of the system. \"The government should not do this. Instead the Act should promote cultivation through subsidies,\" said Mariano Araujo, attorney, Calapor comunidade.Describing the legislation as faulty in its foundation and confusing in its objectives, Fr Savio Fernandes, executive secretary, council for social justice and peace (CSJP) said the Act conceals a hidden agenda in the name of development. \"Though the first objective is protection, the second is development, which can be interpreted as and how each one wants,\" he warned.The board's multiple functions include drafting guidelines and coordinating with various departments for the protection and development of khazan lands and the reclamation of waterlogged areas.\"A big advantage is that bunds will be protected, but outside people will benefit as some misuse can be foreseen,\" said Jose Carmino Joao, former attorney, Morombi O Pequeno comunidade.Activists have also raised a few likely infringements of fundamental rights. Section 19 of the Act envisages collection of water charges from cultivators and government agencies on water drawn from khazan areas. \"This is a breach of a fundamental right, as water has been free since time immemorial in Goa and the rest of India. Who is sought to be charged are the communities who have been protecting khazan lands all these years,\" said Prabhudesai.The Act is also likely to run into conflict with the coastal regulations zone (CRZ) notification 2011. \"If the board assumes powers under Section 21 to permit development other than agricultural within khazan lands it will be a direct violation of CRZ 2011,\" said Prabhudesai.\"The khazan lands provide for a combination of agriculture and aquaculture while preventing ingress of salinity. What is required is an Act that will empower the local communities to tap this natural resource to its full potential rather than leave it destroyed,\" said Fernandes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17563560", "title": "SI job hopeful in OSSC marks row", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Sudhir Ranjan Sahoo, a 32-year-old man from Pipili, has lost all hope of getting a white collar job. A post-graduate in political science, Sahoo was shattered when he came to know that he could not qualify for the main exam for the post of sub-inspector of excise-2011 conducted by the Odisha Staff Selection Commission (OSSC). Suspecting an error, he sought a copy of his answer sheet through RTI and to his utter dismay he found he had secured 32 marks out of 100 in the general science paper, though he had calculated he would get nothing less than 91.\"From the optical mark recognition (OMR) answer sheet I found I had answered rightly 91 questions and four answers were wrong. As a result I would have secured 91 marks but I was given only 32 marks making a total of 143 marks. But if my correct marks were included, I would have secured the highest,\" Sahoo said.The RTI document revealed that the minimum marks taken for shortlisting the candidate under the unreserved category was 183 and for socially and Economically Backward Classes (SEBC) 180. \"I brought the matter to the notice of the OSSC authorities and they admitted that injustice had been done to me. They also assured they would take action in a few months' time. When they are publishing results by evaluating hundreds of answer sheets in a month, why should they take so long to re-evaluate a single copy? Are they not playing with my career?\" he asked.Son of a small-time businessman, Sahoo also alleged large-scale corruption and favouritism in competitive examinations. \"I had so far qualified in as many as 25 competitive examinations but could not get through in the main examinations and interviews. The reason is simple: I don't approach any one or pay bribe to any officer,\" he pointed out.When contacted, the chairman of OSSC, Suresh Chandra Mohanty, said, \"Evaluation of an answer sheet is done by computers, so there is very little chance of human error. Though he is claiming he would have secured 90, the re-evaluation will show how true or false his claim is. But it will take some time. We have assured him that we will look into the mater and if there is an error, action will be taken.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564927", "title": "Robbers kill help in west Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Robbers murdered a businessman's domestic help in Vikaspuri, west Delhi, on Monday evening and took away undisclosed amounts of cash and jewellery. Police said the woman help, Jyoti, was strangled with her chunni. House owner Sunil Kumar had not got her background verified by police.Kumar was not at his duplex house in Brotherhood Apartments when robbers struck and the crime was discovered by his son. Police said the child came home from school around 3pm and found the door ajar. Jyoti was lying lifeless and the house had been ransacked. Neighbours informed police about the murder and robbery.Police say entry to the house was friendly and the killers were known to the help. \"Jyoti was making tea for them. The burner was on till the time we arrived and two cups were kept there,\" a source said.Senior officers say that they are considering all possibilities, including a one-sided love affair. Jyoti's call records are being analyzed. A male help, who is on leave, will also be questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564911", "title": "Robbers break into DJB office, flee with cash", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around a dozen masked men barged into the Delhi Jal Board office in Janakpuri, west Delhi, beat up and gagged the guards, and fled after looting an undisclosed amount of money early Monday morning.The robbers, armed with country-made pistols and knives, entered the office located in C-2 block around 2am by cutting through window grills, according to the guards who were instantly overpowered. While seven to eight men were inside, a few kept watch outside.The men targeted DJB's cash chest but were unable to break it open. The angered robbers then assaulted the two guards, who have sustained head injuries, and snatched around Rs 11,000 from them. Next, they cut open a cash box belonging to Corporation Bank and left with the money.The police received a call around 6.35am after the guards managed to free themselves and sought help from passersby. The guards, Ashok Kumar and Manjeet Singh, were taken to hospital. Police said while one of them was the guard of the nearby Corporation Bank, the other was deputed by the Delhi Jal Board.Police said they were in the process of ascertaining how much money the robbers took away. They added that DJB's main money chest, which had a huge amount of cash, could not be opened. Cops suspect insiderCrime and fingerprints experts were called in to collect evidence from the spot. The cops are using electronic surveillance and criminal intelligence to get to the accused. Police suspect an insider could have tipped off the robbers who seem to have conducted reccees of the place before striking. \"Going by the number of assailants, we suspect it was a gang from outside Delhi, probably Mewat. But we suspect a local help as the location of the office is such that outsiders would not generally target it,\" a police officer said. A case of armed robbery and assault has been lodged at Janakpuri police station and CCTV footages are being analyzed from the spot and nearby areas to establish the identity of the accused. Delhi Jal Board CEO, Debashree Mukherjee, said, \"We are looking at what measures can be put in place to move cash faster from our offices to the bank.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17565977", "title": "Rani Chennamma University plans to start PG course in journalism", "text": "BELGAUM: Rani Chennamma University is all set to start a practical-based post graduate course in journalism (Master of Media Studies) from the next academic year. It will be the first PG course in Journalism in Belgaum district.Most of the PG courses in Journalism in the state are theory oriented. Rani Chennamma University focus on practical aspects of the subject.The course will contain 80 per cent practicals while the rest will be theory. There is great demand for journalism course in Belgaum district. Keeping this in mind, Rani Chennamma University has decided to start the course from the next academic year.\"Journalism is a subject which cannot be studied sitting within the four walls of the class room. To give first-hand experience to students, we will focus more on practical aspects of the subject. We will send them to different print and electronic media,\" said Rani Chennamma University vice-chancellor BR Ananthan.The two year (four semesters) course will commence from next academic year and maximum intake will be 20 students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17566086", "title": "Domestic Delights", "text": "Stuart Binny (Karnataka) (vs Delhi at Bangalore)Having conceded a 66-run first innings lead, Karnataka scored a comprehensive 475 for 9 declared with as many as six batsmen getting to half centuries. Stuart Binny (85, 9x4, 4x6) added 145 runs for the fifth wicket to consolidate the lead. The day saw a typically exquisite strokeplay from Binny, who took left-arm spinner Vikas Mishra to the cleaners.Sheldon Jackson (Saurashtra) (vs Bengal at Rajkot)Saurashtra declared their second innings at 333 for eight courtesy an unbeaten 118 by Sheldon Jackson who hit 17 boundaries and a six in his 217 ball knock. The foundation of the Saurashtra innings was the 116-run stand for the sixth wicket between Jackson and Aarpit Vasavada. A determined Saurashtra is now closing in on a huge victory over Bengal.Kedar Jadhav (Maharashtra) (vs Haryana at Pune)The 27-year-old stylish middle-order batsman, who has won a contract with Delhi Daredevils in IPL, batted without trouble for his 109 off 138 balls with 17 fours and a six. Jadhav scored the second successive ton for Maharashtra to let the hosts declare at a dominating 540 for 8. Over to the bowlers now to do the job for Maharashtra.Ketul Patel (Baroda) (vs Odisha at Vadodara)Playing his maiden First-Class game, offie Ketul Patel left behind a lasting impression on Monday. Patel bagged four wickets in 11 overs for just 36 runs. He accounted for the wickets of Natraj Behra and Govind Poddar and orchestrated in removing top-five Odisha batsmen for just 54 runs. Credit goes to him for Baroda's 10-wkt victory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17563282", "title": "'Jharkhand loses Rs 1200cr annually due to lack of toilets'", "text": "RANCHI: Lack of toilets and poor sanitation in Jharkhand causes 7.5 crore man-day loss every year and results into an estimated loss of Rs 1200-odd crore annually. Bharat Singh Solanki, Union minister of state with independent charge of the ministry of drinking water and sanitation, recently informed Rajya Sabha that Jharkhand has performed far below the national average in achieving total sanitation.Jharkhand is among the states that have performed the worst in terms of achieving total sanitation under the ministry's Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan. The performance has been poor on the front of constructing individual household toilets for BPL families and also on the front of APL families. A study titled 'Economic Impact of Inadequate Sanitation in India' conducted by the South Asia Water and Sanitation unit of the World Bank a couple of years ago had said India loses Rs 24,000 crore annually due to lack of toilets and poor hygiene.Sudhir Prasad, principal secretary of the department of drinking water and sanitation department , said: \"It is a huge loss, but this is the harsh reality as well. An estimated 4.5 crore man-day loss is reported in Jharkhand's rural areas due to poor sense of sanitation.\" The loss of man days in semi-urban and urban areas is also estimated to be around 3 crore annually, he added.Jharkhand has a population of 3.29 crore with almost 1:1 male-female ratio. In comparison to the population, the number of working individuals is poor. State labour commissioner Aradhana Patnaik said only around 35 to 40% of the population (roughly one crore) is working, said former.Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan state coordinator Nirmal Bohra, who quoted various surveys conducted by the state drinking water department, said: \"On an average, each working individual loses six to seven days of work due to sickness annually - at times individuals work even after falling sick and at other times they do not get work even when they are healthy.\" The one crore works population gets Rs 127 as minimum wage. On this basis, the drinking water department has calculated that man power worth Rs 1200 crore is lost annually in Jharkhand.In Haryana, 97.13% families (both BPL and APL) have been provided with toilets, in Gujarat the figure is 84.28%, Tamil Nadu's is 81.44%, Andhra Pradesh's is 79.60%, Maharashtra's 73.83% and in West Bengal 72.68% families have been provided with toilets under Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan. Jharkhand has performed pathetically and achieved only 43.31% of the target.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17565856", "title": "Police teams fan out to trace missing shelter home inmates", "text": "ROHTAK: Police have constituted ten teams to search out the two girls, who went missing from a shelter home here on Friday night.The teams have been dispatched to Delhi, Rajasthan and Uttar Pardesh, sources said, adding that a CBI team would also arrive here soon to inquire about the incident.Deputy superintendent of police, Sumit Kumar, said that Rohtak SP had sought a detailed report on the missing of girls and the circumstances in which they fled the shelter home being run by a Rohtak-based social organization, Hari Om Sewa Dal.The DSP said they had also started a departmental probe against two women cops - Pushpa Lata and Poonam Rani -- deployed at the shelter home to provide security to the girls.The 18 years and 20 years old former inmates of the infamous Apna ghar escaped from the Gandhi Camp shelter home, by opening the locks of the main gate after stealing the keys from a woman cop, who was asleep in her room on Friday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "17565515", "title": "Perfect match, made in orphanage", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Both knew they were like outcasts in the marriage market and, hence, chose to embrace each other as life partners.Rajani Sarkar (20), an orphaned inmate of a government social welfare home in Midnapore, harboured a desire every woman has - to run a home and have a family. But she was not much hopeful, aware that she wouldn't have takers, given the finicky nature of others in the marriage market.Polio-struck Chandan Jaiswal (26), too found none in his Marwari community willing to accept him as a life partner, overlooking his status.After much screening, the wedding went ahead at the Midnapore Vidysagar Balika Bhavan, a government home that houses Rajani and many other orphans, on Monday afternoon.Orphaned since early childhood, Rajani has been in this home since 2003 after a stint in the Burdwan central government home. Earlier this year, she casually expressed her desire to get married to fellow inmates and staff of the home. When an application from Chandan's family seeking a willing bride among inmates reached the home authorities, the staff immediately proposed her name and Rajani accepted Chandan's proposal, despite learning that he was physically challenged since childhood.Chandan runs a grocery store in his house in Boroima village off Kharagpur. His father Ramhet runs a sweet shop nearby. The Jaiswals have been in Kharagpur for many generations. Ramhet, whose elder son Umesh and daughter Lakshmi are married, said they had looked for a bride for Chandan within their Marwari community for some years but found none.\"Two years ago, Santosh Sahu, a youth from our community married a girl from the Midnapore home. We were then inspired and thought of looking for a bride for Chandan from among the home inmates. Then I formally applied to the home authorities for a bride for Chandan,\" said Ramhet.The home authorities forwarded the application to the district social welfare office and then SDO Midnapore Surajit Ray. Ray and other officials made inquiries about Chandan and his family. Home superintendent Bharati Ghosh then responded to Jaiswal family's application by giving them Rajani's name and details and asked them to visit the home to see her. Chandan visited the home with his family on May 10 and decided to marry Rajani. when both Chandan and Rajani agreed to marry each other.The administration then conducted further verifications on Chandan and the wedding day was fixed on Monday.Inspired by Rajani, five more orphaned girls from the home have expressed their desire to get married.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mysore/ chamarajanagar", "code": "17566137", "title": "Para-medics to contain Kyasanur forest disease", "text": "MYSORE/ CHAMARAJANAGAR: Health department authorities have alerted Auxiliary Nurse Midwives and accredited social health activists attached to Kaggaladahundi PHC in Gundlupet taluk of Chamarajanagar district to be on alert as a precautionary measure.After experts confirmed the prevalence of monkey fever of Kyasanur forest disease (KFD) in Maddur range of Bandipur Tiger Reserve (BTR), health officials are on their toes to prevent its spread in the region. Previous week, 230 villagers in Maddur colony, including 80 forest employees, were vaccinated against the virus.Gundlupet General Hospital chief medical officer Dr R Srinivas told TOI that after the immunization drive, they are monitoring the situation in the region. So far no fresh case has been reported, and four of the six forest watchers who have contracted KFD, are healthy.\"As a precautionary measure, we have trained ANMs and ASHA workers in KFD symptoms, and asked them to update the situation at Maddur colony (which comes under Kaggaladahundi PHC). Each PHC will have four ANMs and under each ANMs, there will be three each ASHA workers.\"A forest official claimed that Moolehole forest range in BTR had reported three deaths of primates previous week. However, the authorities could not carry any tests to confirm KFD, as the bodies were found in a decomposed state. Dr Srinivas said the Chamarajanagar health department has reserved KFD vaccines to attend to any emergency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17568999", "title": "PM, Sonia meet to discuss ways to resolve Parliament logjam", "text": "NEW DELHI: With proceedings in Parliament being disrupted, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA Chairperson Sonia Gandhi discussed ways to resolve the logjam over Walmart lobbying and quota in promotions issues.Soon after Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha were adjourned on Tuesday morning, senior UPA leaders, who are members of the Congress core group, gathered at the Prime Minister's office in Parliament House and are understood to have been briefed by parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath.The two Houses were adjourned over opposition uproar over reports that the US retail giant Walmart had employed a firm to lobby its case in India. Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party have also been warring over the issue of SC/ST quota in promotions in government jobs.Nath is also believed to have briefed the Congress top brass on the pending bills on financial matters, including the one to amend the banking laws.Apart from the Prime Minister, Gandhi and Nath, Union ministers P Chidambaram and Sushilkumar Shinde attended the meeting among others, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17564087", "title": "CBSE marking goes digital", "text": "LUDHIANA: In a bid to make evaluation error-free, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has introduced digitalized marking of answer sheets for classes X and XII in the upcoming board exams.According to the CBSE, the answer books in sealed packets from the examination centres will be handed over to the service or the software provider after fixing bar-coded stickers by the chief secrecy officer of board examinations.The answer sheets will then be scanned and put on screen for evaluation by examiners trained in using the software.The digitized system will be used starting from the evaluation of Class X exams in 2013. Digitization for Class XII will take place in 2014.Computer-based evaluation and online marking of the board results will also ensure complianceofRTI provision which makes it mandatory that the answer sheets should be made available for scrutiny to the students, if they wish to see it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17565891", "title": "GVP awaits b'day 'gift'", "text": "PANAJI: Nuvem MLA Francisco Pacheco said that he will accept chairmanship of any corporation. GVP is reportedly pressing the government to appoint Pacheco as a corporation chairman. While GVP is a partner in the BJP-led coalition, Pacheco is without any position but aide Lyndon Monteiro is chairman of Goa meat complex. GVP workers are awaiting a 'gift' from the chief minister on Pacheco's birthday on December 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "gurdaspur", "code": "17564032", "title": "Sports revolution has hit Punjab: Sukhbir", "text": "GURDASPUR: Sports revolution has hit Punjab, Deputy Chief Minister Sukhbir Singh Badal has said.\"I have been visiting different areas of Punjab every day and I am surprised to see that a new sports revolution has hit the whole state,\" Badal said at Government College Stadium, Gurdaspur on the occasion of Kabaddi league match.The deputy CM said Punjab government is also organising three nation 'Indigenous Wrestling' (Desi Kushti), in which India, Iran and Pakistan would participate.He said, \"Punjab government has retained power for the second term owing to its welfare policies. The Shiromani Akali Dal-BJP made a promise to the people of Punjab that the energy of youth would be reined in and oriented towards sports to prevent them from taking drugs\".Badal said every district in Punjab would soon have a ultra-modern multipurpose stadium.He said 18 countries from all the six continents had participated in the World Cup and next year, more than 25 countries would participate.He said the level of competition had touched new heights as it was as yet unclear which team would make it to the semi finals although the league matches are culminating on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17563489", "title": "Students protest violence against women", "text": "PATNA: A number of institutions organized programmes to mark the International Human Rights Day (IHRD) in the state capital on Monday.People's Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL) organized a seminar on the Birla Institute of Technology Patna (BITP) campus to apprise its students of various aspects of human rights.A poster show and a lecture by scholar activist Vinay Kanth marked the occasion on the St Xavier's College campus on Monday. Kanth, a former president of the PUCL, Bihar unit, said young students were now more aware of their rights and duties. \"It is good that they raise their voice against injustice. We have to take bold stance to protect the human rights of all citizens, particularly the most marginalized people,\" he told the students.Human chains were formed under the banner of Oxfam India near Income Tax roundabout, on Fraser Road and near SK Memorial Hall to protest violence against women.Students of Patna Women's College and Magadh Mahila College participated in the human chain formation. Signature campaigns and street plays were also organized at these places.ADRI director Prabhat P Ghosh stressed on the attitudinal and behavioural changes to eradicate discrimination in the society. He was speaking at a seminar organized by Jan Sikshan, ADRI, Patna, and IHRE, Madurai, to mark the occasion.Challenges and opportunities of human rights were discussed at IIBM, Patna. Bihar State Human Rights Commission member Justice (retd) Rajendra Prasad stressed that a society cannot function properly without guaranteeing human rights to its citizens.Slum people of Shekhpura, Yarpur and Bindtoli participated in a seminar organized by Nidan to know about their rights", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17566212", "title": "Maharashtra gets centre's pat on PCPNDT implementation", "text": "NAGPUR: Although the sex ratio has seen a steady decline in Maharashtra, the steps taken by the state government in last two years to prevent female foeticide and the better implementation of the PCPNDT Act seems to have received the central government's appreciation.Maharashtra health and family welfare minister Suresh Shetty shared this during a meeting of health officials of different cadre in the city on the first day of the winter session of legislative assembly on Monday. However, expressing concern over the declining sex ratio, the minister said that the health department will now resort to massive media campaign to reach out to the masses so as to curb female foeticide in the state. The department will rope in celebrities to help create awareness among the people so that PCPNDT Act can be implemented in a better way.Even though the culprits engaged in sex determination crimes are being promptly apprehended by the police, the courts are taking a lot of time to dispose these cases. Hence, the government is planning to request the judiciary to expedite the process.State health minister Fauzia Khan said that out of the 394 cases registered against the doctors, verdict is pending in 302 cases and only 94 cases have been disposed off fully. Of these, 42 have been convicted. The state has nominated 2000 appropriate authorities for special hearings. Till now 86 appeals have been filed and of these 80 have been heard and six cases are pending.Maharashtra Medical Council, an autonomous quasi judicial authority that deals with such cases received 55 cases for investigation. In these cases, 21 doctors have been suspended, 11 were let off with warning and 16 cases are under hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17563600", "title": "Judges going abroad must reveal source of funds: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Judges of the Supreme Court and high courts will now have to inform the government about their foreign visits, including the purpose, duration and source of funding.The Supreme Court on Monday partially stayed a Delhi High Court order which had quashed three paragraphs of the Union government's 2010 circular mandating judges to undertake foreign visits only with the approval of the chief justice of the high court concerned or the Chief Justice of India and after submission of travel details to the government.The HC had termed these conditions an affront to the independence of higher judiciary and quashed them on May 25. Though the HC also quashed Paragraph 10 -- which listed the travel details to be submitted -- it clarified that judges needed to give information about duration of the trip and city of intended stay to the chief justice of the HC concerned and the CJI as the case may be.Arguing the government's challenge to the HC order, solicitor general R F Nariman said the circular was meant to provide security to judges when they were abroad. He said judges visited foreign countries on diplomatic passports issued by the Centre and gathering information about the visit was to enable the ministry concerned to help the judges in case of a need.Though the SC stayed the HC order quashing Paragraph 10, a bench of Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and Justices S S Nijjar and J Chelameswar said they knew of many instances where judges went abroad on their personal passport and not on a diplomatic passport.The CJI said, \"Is it possible for persons to have diplomatic and private passport... I know of judges who travel every three months, but they do not hold a diplomatic passport.\"Additional solicitor general Paras Kuhad, appearing with the SG, said, \"The policy manual under the Passports Act entitles you to hold only one passport.\" Nariman added, \"Visas are also given to judges on diplomatic passports.\"Paragraph 10 of the circular said proposal of foreign visits must contain information relating to name, address and other details of the inviting organization, purpose of visit and duration, whether accompanied by spouse, other judges/officers, cost of visit including travel, DA and accommodation, source of funding, foreign tours undertaken in last three years, working days during the period of visit, whether official tour was clubbed with private visit and form of FCRA clearance.However, the bench headed by the CJI was unrelenting on the other quashed paragraphs of the circular, which sought details of private visits by SC/HC judges at their own expense. \"You normally go out with your medical insurance. Why should Paragraph 9E (relating to information on private visits) of the circular be allowed to stay,\" it asked.Nariman said, \"The idea is only to help. If the information is supplied to the chief justice, how can he help? The HC seems to have quashed the government order under a misconception that it relates to only private visits.\" The matter will come up for consideration after six weeks.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17564196", "title": "Sleepy Rajkot wakes up to green rooftop revolution", "text": "RAJKOT: A silent green revolution is being witnessed in Rajkot as more and more people are taking to cultivating organic vegetables in their kitchen and terrace gardens. Over the last few months, at least 1,000 families have undertaken the exercise in Rajkot city, while the number for those on the periphery is being put at 5,000.For example, Hansa Pandya, who lives in Alap Sanctuary on posh Kalawad Road area, cannot stop explaining the importance of fresh organic vegetables which she has grown on her terrace garden for the last three months. She relates the difference that she has experienced ever since she took up the cultivation. \"I was tired of eating vegetables which we purchased from open market. We never knew how much fertilizers and pesticides were used in their cultivation. But since I started growing vegetables at home, I have felt a real change in the taste and food value.\"She has a rich cultivation of peas, strip beans, tomato, mint, capsicum and ladyfinger among other vegetables that are grown in buckets. \"We are a family of three. We cultivate our own vegetables and learn by experience,\" she said.City-based Navrang Nature Club has launched a campaign to make people aware of the benefits of growing vegetables at home. It has also distributed vegetable seeds while educating people how to grow them.\"We have organized a series of seminars in schools and colleges. We provide seeds and saplings at concessional rates and guide them how to grow them at home. ,\" club president V D Bala, who is a range forest officer at Nature Education Sanctuary in Hingolgadh, said.An owner of a private school Arjun Padhra is growing vegetables at home and is also promoting the practice. \"We use traditional methods like spraying neem's crush for tackling disease and pests. We are trying to be as close to nature as possible,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568961", "title": "The best gift of all", "text": "My sister and I spent most summer vacations in Madras (not yet named Chennai at that time) with our grandmother (who we called 'Peri').Peri's sister, Kalyani Chithi lived down the road. In those days she had not become a grandmother in her own right. So we had Kalyani Chithi's undivided love and attention! We were thoroughly pampered and spoilt by her. Sometimes, as a special treat, we stayed for a sleep over! We looked forward to the 'Badam Kheer's (instead of the coffee we hated!) and mouth-watering delicacies that we knew awaited us.Every evening without fail, Chithappa and Chithi would sit on a wooden bench in the porch of the house and watch the world go by. Chithappa sat shaking his legs in a frenzied beat, while Chithi, quite a bit shorter (and rounder!) than chithappa, sat on the bench with her legs not quite reaching the ground and swinging back and forth. Chithappa sang all the time. Every phrase that anyone said was set to a little tune and sung! So if Chithi told him, \"Kittu wants to know what to make for dinner tonight\", until the next subject was broached, Chithappa sang out \"Kittuuuuu aaasked whaaat tooo maaake toooniiiight\"!One evening, a snake charmer came into the compound. My sister and I quickly retreated up the stairs to the safety zone on the bench and watched the proceedings with great interest. The snake charmer insisted that the huge front garden had a lot of snakes and he was just the guy to get rid of them.I don't know if Chithappa was intrigued or really believed him, but he agreed to pay the snake charmer for every snake that he caught in the compound. Chithi was the generous and extravagant one. Chithappa, on the other hand, was not one to part with his money easily, so perhaps he suspected there were snakes in the untended garden. In any case, the snake charmer set up shop and started playing his pipe/flute. And sure enough, right before our eyes, snake after snake appeared from the corners of the garden and was snagged by the charmer into his gunny bag. I am not exactly sure how many he caught, but he was paid per snake, so 'caught' quite a few. Of course, many thought that the charmer had probably released a few snakes in the garden prior to the whole show! Nonetheless, it provided great excitement and entertainment for that evening!Sometimes, Chithi would hail a known rickshaw and take us shopping. We knew that a shopping trip could not end without some small gift for us. But this was not the only reason we were excited to go with Chithi. The whole experience of clambering onto a hand drawn rickshaw, being tilted back with a momentary fear of being dropped backwards, and then the wind in our hair as the rickshaw moved through relatively empty streets was exciting. Those were the days of simple pleasures and abundant joy! If we were old enough to be aware of the pain to the bare foot rickshaw puller, we successfully pushed it out of our minds. It was just another way of life and the rickshaw puller would often plead that we use his rickshaw so he could earn some money. (This was before the government replaced the hand drawn rickshaws with cycle rickshaws).Years passed and we drifted away from Kalyani Chithi. She was engrossed in her own grandchildren by then. In some corner of our hearts, though, we always carried her around. Years turned to decades, and I grew up from the awkward child to a woman with my own family. We moved to Canada and settled down to the rat race. The visits to India were always rushed and if we saw Kalyani Chithi for a half hour it was a bonus. Things were not quite the same. What does one say in a few minutes?Then one day, back in Canada, I had a dream in the early wee hours of the morning. I was in the corridor that connected the living area to the rear dining area of my grandmother's house. I was holding my grandmother as she collapsed. Repeatedly she only said, \"Don't grieve for me, I am not afraid to go!\"I held her in my arms as she slipped away. Huge, wracking sobs shook me awake. Tears were running down my face. Without getting up from my bed, I rolled over and called India. Appa picked up the phone. I identified myself. \"Is everything ok there?\" \"Er...hmmm\", he answered guardedly. \"Is Peri ok?\" I asked. \"Peri is ok, why do you ask?\" he answered.Insensitive to the inflexion in his tone, I ploughed on and told him about my dream. There was a stunned silence at the other end. Then he said, \"Peri is ok, but I was just going to call you - Kalyani Chithi died a couple of hours ago!\"I relived my dream again. The grandmother I had held was a little shorter than Peri. In her later years, Kalyani Chithi had lost some of her adorable fat and started looking more like her slimmer sister, but the face was still rounder than Peri. It had been Kalyani Chithi saying goodbye.I felt incredibly privileged. Perhaps she had carried us in the corner of her heart too, all those years!I will always remember Chithi for those lovely early days but the best gift of all was her coming to say goodbye.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17564827", "title": "UGC seeks disaster management studies in universities", "text": "PUNE: Disaster management will soon be an optional paper as part of the curricula for all undergraduate (UG) courses at universities and affiliated colleges recognized by the University Grants Commission (UGC).In a latest directive, the UGC has asked vice-chancellors (VCs) of all 566 universities in the country to initiate steps for introducing disaster management as an optional subject in UG-level courses. It has also circulated a model syllabus, related to the proposed subject, for the universities to adopt and implement in classrooms.V B Gaikwad, director, board of college and university development (BCUD), University of Pune, confirmed having received the UGC letter. \"The varsity's academic council, which is the decision-making body for all academic matters, is meeting on December 18 to take a call on how and when to introduce the proposed subject as part of the university's UG curriculum,\" he said.According to Gaikwad, \"Some of the affiliated colleges and institutions of the UoP are offering certificate courses in disaster management as part of an add-on learning facility. The varsity's board of students welfare is also offering training in disaster management as part of its activities. However, the subject is not a part of the UoP's regular curriculum for all UG courses.\"Disaster management will be the second course of its kind to be introduced as part of the UoP curriculum, if the academic council decides to adopt the UGC recommendation and the model syllabus.In August 2011, the UoP introduced a paper on 'Human rights and duties', as a compulsory component of its curriculum for all courses. The only differentiating factor is that the disaster management course will be an optional paper and not a compulsory component.The entire exercise comes as part of the Union government's high priority to disaster mitigation through structured educational programmes and professional training.R Manoj Kumar, UGC's education officer, wrote a letter to all VCs on November 29, pointing out that a four-member committee comprising academic experts, Janki B Andharia, Surya Prakash, Anil Kumar Gupta and Krishan Mohan, was appointed by the UGC to suggest measures for promoting disaster management education in the university system.On October 22, the UGC executive body met for considering the expert panel's report and gave its approval to the introduction of an optional paper on disaster management at UG level across universities and affiliated colleges. The commission also decided to introduce the course as one of the topics in orientation and refresher courses offered to teachers by the Academic Staff Colleges, Kumar said.The panel has stated in its report, \"While disasters are generally seen as an outcome of catastrophic natural events, the idea of pre-existing vulnerabilities is equally important. These need to be understood and addressed if disaster impacts are to be minimized. There has been a considerable policy-level intervention in India in recent years and if teachers and young people in each city, district, block or village can understand and explore avenues of reducing disaster risks and work towards preparedness - the efforts would contribute towards minimizing losses and saving lives.\"The disaster management course is expected to create a basis to work towards preparedness and also help develop a culture of safety and prevention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17565532", "title": "Frequent fee hike vexes parents", "text": "LUDHIANA: If the tedious admission processes were not enough to keep the parents hassled, they will now have to bear another hole in their pocket, as the major schools in the city have decided to hike the admission and monthly fee by 7-10%. The one time admission fee in different schools ranges between Rs 15,000 and Rs 75,000.Though in 2009, a city NGO had filed a civil writ petition in the Punjab and Haryana high court, bringing to light the matter of yearly hike in fee by private schools.Regional director of DAV Public School, BRS Nagar, R S Patial, said they had received a letter from CBSE after the writ petition was filed. \"The board asked us to furnish genuine causes before increasing the fee, after going through which, the board will permit the fee hike,\" he said.Patial added, \"This year too, we will hike the fee by 10-11%. We have told the CBSE through our letter that the teachers will also get an increment of about 14%. So, if we charge extra from parents, it is for providing their children with quality education.\"Our school will soon have the best auditorium in the city. So, how is it wrong if we charge a bit more from parents? Our admission and monthly fee are much lesser compared to other schools. A hike of 8% is nominal,\" said the principal of GNPS, Sarabha Nagar, Mona Singh .Atam Nagar resident Tammana Chowdhary, 37, said she has to get her twins admitted in the same school as her elder kid's. \"I was shocked to know the admission fee now is Rs 65,000, which will definitely shake the family budget for a while,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17565801", "title": "Stray dogs to be sterilized to prevent blackback deaths", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an effort to protect blackbucks from canine attacks, the wildlife department has decided to sterilize stray dogs in the antelope habitats of Fatehabad district.The initiative comes following an intervention from environmentalist and former Union minister Maneka Gandhi in the wake of blackbuck deaths caused by stray dog attacks.Around 24 blackbucks were killed by dogs in the past one year. Members of Bishnoi community, who worship nature and protect the antelopes in the region, had formed teams to check stray dog attacks on blackbucks.There are around 500 blackbucks in the forest reserves adjoining the 26 villages of Fatehabad.\"We have already informed Maneka Gandhi about this plan, which will cost Rs 15 lakh to the district administration,'' an official spokesman said on Monday.The initiative is significant as the department of forests and wildlife has decided to create special deer parks in Fatehabad district, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17565320", "title": "Barkatullah University staff stir may affect convocation", "text": "BHOPAL: After postponement of several important exams, convocation of Barkatullah University is likely to be affected owing to ongoing strike by Madhya Pradesh University Employees Association (MPUEA). Besides, the last executive council meet of this year scheduled for December 12 has been postponed.BU has been postponing exams regularly since the strike began on December 3. After exams, the employees strike has started showing its effect on important administrative meetings, including EC's and convocation.MPUEA secretary Avinash Burbure said: \"The problem will arise for convocation if employees continue strike for another 3-4 days. The entire clerical work is to be done by employees only and their absence will create problems in organising important events.\" Convocation is to be organised in January first weekAfter failure of talks between the university employees and state government over several issues, the MPUEA went on indefinite strike. The university employees association has been demanding removal of discrepancy between pensioners and employees' salary. Students had to face problem on Monday also when they were sent back by the employees. \"I have to present my graduation degree for a job. Last month, they had asked me to collect the degree in the first week of December. I have been coming to university for last four days, but there is no one to inform me about the degree,\" said Vishwajeet Verma. Hailing from Hoshangabad, Vishwajeet fears that he might lose the job opportunity owing to the employees strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17572280", "title": "Tom Cruise to spend Christmas with his kids", "text": "Like he did last Thanksgiving, Tom Cruise plans to spend the upcoming festive season with his children, Bella, 20, Connor, 17, and Suri, 6.The 50-year-old, who spent the last few months away to film his movie projects, can't wait to relax with his kids.\"We have got lots of very special things planned [for the holidays],\" said Cruise.\"We are all going to be together. I am looking forward to it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17563842", "title": "Woman to pay Rs 50 lakh for accusing actor of rape", "text": "CHENNAI: Perhaps in a first of its kind order, the Madras high court has awarded 50 lakh compensation to an actor who was convicted based on the rape charges levelled by a woman.About 16 years ago, maverick actor Mansoor Ali Khan found himself in the middle of adverse publicity when a 23-year-old woman accused him of rape. According to the woman, she approached the actor after he put up an advertisement for a secretary. She claimed that in November 1996 Khan took her to a hotel in his car and offered her juice laced with sedatives. She said he raped her repeatedly and threatened her against revealing it to anyone. In May 1998, she gave birth to a girl.On the woman's complaint, Khan was arrested on December 11, 1998. He was found guilty of sexual harassment and convicted on March 27, 2001. The trial court awarded him seven years' rigorous imprisonment and slapped a fine of 3 lakh. The Madras high court, however, set aside his prison term, but asked him to pay 3.25 lakh to the woman and 7 lakh to the child. His appeal against the ruling was dismissed by the Supreme Court in February 2008.In his petition in the HC, Khan said he came across a matrimonial case initiated by the woman, seeking to reunite with her husband. Claiming that the marriage took place in August 1994, she had sought restitution of conjugal rights, the petition said.The actor pointed out that the woman had told the trial court during examination that he was responsible for she losing her virginity and that it was the first time she had had intercourse, albeit by force. Accusing her of furnishing false information to court and succeeding in her efforts, Khan said he had been maliciously prosecuted and subjected to humiliation.He said the woman had first approached him for help, and he had extended financial assistance to her as he was mandated to do charity as per the Mohammedan Law. Claiming that his association with the woman was purely on humanitarian considerations, the actor said she slapped him with a charge of rape as she feared he would stop helping her. Calling it fraud, he wanted a compensation of 50 lakh towards loss of reputation and film career. The woman failed to appear before the court despite summons.Justice T Mathivanan directed the woman to pay 50 lakh to the actor as damages towards malicious prosecution and defamation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17563381", "title": "Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi functionary hacked to death in Kancheepuram", "text": "CHENNAI: A five-member gang hacked a 42-year-old Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi worker to death while he was chatting with colleagues in front of the party office in Kancheepuram on Sunday night.Police suspect the murder of Ambedkar Valavan was due to business rivalry. One person has been picked up in this connection.Police said Valavan, who lived with his family in Ellappan Nagar opposite the collector's office in Kancheepuram, went to his office in Rettai Mantapam and held discussions with some party functionaries. Around 8.30pm, he came out. As he was chatting with two VCK men, five men on two bikes came to the spot. As they pulled out sickles, Valavan began running. However, he was cornered and assaulted. As he fell in a pool of blood, the gang members sped away.On information, police reached the spot and sent Valavan to the government hospital in Kancheepuram, where he was declared 'brought dead'. On Monday, the slain man's family members and relatives protested in front of the government hospital in the town demanding a speedy and fair probe into his death. Valavan is survived by his wife Indira and two daughters.The Kancheepuram town police registered a case and launched a hunt. \"We have formed teams and are making inquiries,\" a police officer said.Valavan's body was handed over to his family after a postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17564851", "title": "Minimum temperature likely to fall to 13 degrees C", "text": "PUNE: The night temperature has started to drop again under the waning influence of the easterly waves which had caused moisture incursion from the Bay of Bengal and temperature to rise in the last one week.On Monday, the minimum temperature was recorded at 16.1 degrees celsius, which was still 4.7 degrees above normal. However, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast the temperature to drop to 13 degrees Celsius on Tuesday and further to 12 by Wednesday.Last week, the minimum temperature had gone up as high as 18 degrees celsius, which was more than 6 degrees celsius above normal. The IMD officials had then said that such above normal temperature pattern was unusual.\"The temperature had gone up due to an enhanced influence of the easterly waves which normally block the northerly winds from flowing beyond the northern states into the central and peninsular India including Maharashtra,\" an IMD official said. As a result, there was greater moisture incursion from the Bay of Bengal and increased humidity, resulting in higher minimum as well as maximum temperature.However, the IMD had predicted a gradual decline in the influence of the easterly waves with the possibility of no further enhancement in easterly amplitudes. This is paving the way for local conditions like clear skies and lesser humidity, which will bring the temperature down.Malegaon in central Maharashtra on Monday recorded state's lowest temperature at 11.5 degrees celsius. Night temperature was markedly above normal i.e. a difference of four to five degrees celsius from normal, in most parts of central Maharashtra, the IMD stated in the all-India weather summary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17569159", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan to premiere his world tour at DSF", "text": "Bollywood mega-star Shah Rukh Khan will kick off the world premiere of his tour - \"Access All Area\" - with a performance at the ensuing 18th Dubai Shopping Festival 2013, starting next month, an official said.Khan's special show is expected to be tentatively scheduled Jan 17 - midway during the DSF which commences Jan 3 and ends Feb 3, said Saeed Al Falasi, director, Strategic Alliances, Dubai Events &amp; Promotions Establishments (DEPE).This year, the DSF is being marketed as \"Dubai At Its Best\" and the month-long event promises to be the biggest ever in its history since 1996, bringing the best across its sectors for locals and visitors alike, Al Falasi told media-persons here Monday afternoon.He assured people that DSF 2013 will surpass \"all previous editions in style, size, turnover and grandeur\" with the entire city decked up to welcome international shopaholics, prizes worth crores of rupees on offer and a spectacular itinerary of international events to keep all regaled and occupied.The major highlights this year include the world's highest catwalk at 442 metres at the iconic Burj Khalifa , and the Omega Dubai Desert Classic , a PGA European Tour sanctioned event with a $2.50 million prize pool with big names like Tiger Woods in attendance.Last year, DSF attracted nearly four million visitors who collectively splurged a whopping $413 million, making it one of the most happening and lucrative events in the international calendar.\"Ever since its launch, DSF has witnessed a growing number of visitors from India and this market has the potential to grow exponentially in the coming years. Indians comprise a vibrant part of United Arab Emirate's (UAE) society, constituting a significant segment of the total international crowds thronging DSF,\" Al Falasi pointed out.Besides Shah Rukh Khan's concert, DSF 2013 will feature various mega-events like Layali Dubai, street carnivals, street and midnight fashion shows, sporting attractions and cultural events from different countries.Besides the shopping and gift vouchers, there will be weekly draws for Infiniti , Ferrari and Nissan Patrol cars, gold prizes worth 15 kg of the precious metal and instant scratch-and-win worth up to Rs.2 million on purchase of pearls and watches at over 6,000 retail outlets in 70 malls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17564776", "title": "Fire brigade to drag South Bombay tower to court", "text": "MUMBAI: The fire brigade has decided to prosecute Cuffe Parade's Jolly Maker-I for non-functional internal fire-fighting apparatus. A fire had broken out on the 19th floor of the 26-storey residential building on December 2. It had taken the firemen over four hours to bring the blaze under control.After serving a show-cause notice on the high-rise on Friday, the fire brigade has referred the case to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's legal department. It has asked the civic law officers to file a court case against the society under the Maharashtra Fire Prevention and Life Safety Measures Act (2006). According to senior fire officers, the building's reply to the show-cause notice was not satisfactory. Chief fire officer Suhas Joshi said, \"We have referred it to the law department and asked them to prosecute the building as per rules.\"The BMC's legal department will now ready the case against the tower's management.Under the Act, erring persons can be imprisoned for up to three years and fined up to Rs 50,000.This is the first time that the city fire brigade has initiated the prosecution process against a society for non-functional internal fire-fighting equipment; the other three cases in which prosecution has been initiated pertain to buildings which refused to rectify their fire-fighting apparatus after discrepancies were pointed out.Fire broke out on the 19th floor of the B wing of the residential Jolly Maker -1 tower in Cuffe Parade at 3:30 am on Sunday.It was a mid-night scare for the residents of the 26th storey building, with the fire raging for over 4 hours and the fire brigade officers rescuing 26 residents that included senior citizens, disabled and infants.Mahesh Lalwani, the building's secretary, said the internal system was working, but the guard and the firemen couldn't operate it. He said the current managing committee has made a lot of changes with regards to fire safety. They held a demonstration on Monday to train the guards to use the fire system.\"Once we receive the notice we will send a detailed to reply to that,\"said Lalwani.According to senior civic officials according to the Maharashtra Fire and Life Safety Act says that a high rise (seven storey and above) should appoint a private licensed agency to conduct a fire safety audit of the building and submit a report to the fire brigade every six months. The society hasn't even done that.Jolly Maker-1 is considered to be the richest cooperative housing society in the city. One sqft area in this society is sold at a rate of Rs 1.11 lakh.The society consists of two wings which are house to media and construction magnates and a consulate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17563602", "title": "Bagan adopt wait-and-watch policy", "text": "KOLKATA: Mohun Bagan adopted a wait-and-watch policy on Monday after their refusal to take the field in the second half of the Kolkata derby against East Bengal, forcing an abandonment at the Salt Lake Stadium on Sunday.\"We have full faith in the AIFF. But, if we are not satisfied with their verdict, we might approach the AFC or FIFA ,\" said Bagan's general secretary Anjan Mitra after an emergency meeting of the club's executive committee at the club tent on Monday.Bagan officials took strong objection to I-League CEO Sunando Dhar's comments on the possibility of Bagan being suspended from the I-League for their refusal to play after the break.Gitanath Ganguly, who chaired the meeting, informed that the committee had ratified Mitra's decision not to field the team. Mitra has also been given authority to deal with the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17564903", "title": "Pune cops deport 5 Nigerian nationals", "text": "PUNE: The crime branch of the Pune police have deported five of the seven Nigerian nationals, who were detained for alleged drug peddling cases. They did not have documents necessary for their stay in the country.On November 26, the anti-narcotics cell of the crime branch had arrested Nigerian national Suso Honah from Koregaon Park area and seized 35 gm of cocaine and 7.5 gm of lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD) worth Rs 3.99 lakh from him. During interrogation, Suso revealed the names of four more Nigerian nationals. \"We had detained them, but could not find narcotics with them,\" said Sunil Tambe, inspector of the anti-narcotics cell of the crime branch.Tambe said that his cell on December 7 had arrested one E O Nicholis from Kondhwa and seized 3.7 gm of cocaine worth Rs 32,000 from him. Nicholis gave them information about another Nigerian national who was also arrested, Tambe said. \"Nicholis has a case of cheating registered against him in Goa,\" he added.All five were on a business visa and some had taken admission to a course in computer applications. \"None had proper documents to stay in the country. Their educational institutes were not aware of it,\" Tambe said.The three educational institutes on the radar of the anti-narcotics cell had not kept proper records of their students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564424", "title": "Water shortage in S Delhi today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Water supply will be affected in several parts of south Delhi on Tuesday and Wednesday owing to flushing of under ground reserviors or booster pumping station.Delhi Jal Board on Monday asked the residents to store sufficient quantity of water in advance. Water supply will be affected in Shivalik Apptt, Mool Chand Complex, Vijay Mandal Enclave, Sheikh Sarai Phase-II, C-5 Vasant Kunj, B-5 Sector-8 and Rohini, BB(E) Block Shalimar Bagh on Tuesday.Pamposh Enclave, Aravali Apptt, Jangpura, Lajpat Nagar, Bhogal, Jonapur and other areas in outer Delhi will be affected on Wednesday. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17565930", "title": "Goa Khazan Bachao Abhiyan to 'awaken' ryots over 'good' legislation", "text": "PANAJI: The newly-formed Goa Khazan Bachao Abhiyan (GKBA) has hailed the draft Goa Khazan Land Development Board Act, 2012, as a \"step in the right direction\", stating that the state's unique heritage faces the threat of destruction from misuse by fish farmers and global warming.\"The farmers are concerned about illegalities and want to protect their land from the control of mafia raj, which is carrying on pisciculture,\" said Premanand Mhambre of GKBA. The abhiyan held two preliminary meetings recently. \"The benefits of any change should come to the farmers, but first we need to awaken them,\" said Mhambre.GKBA members have planned to bring ryots from khazan heartlands of Bardez, Tiswadi, Ponda, Bicholim and other talukas together on a platform to discuss burning issues. \"It is important that we hold deliberations and ensure that whatever comes (the Act) is free of loopholes. In the past, citizens have had to fight against loopholes in legislations to ensure implementation of the law,\" he said.Large tracts of fertile lands reclaimed through a remarkable feat of engineering are being lost due to flooding. \"We may lose large areas of the 18,000 ha of our precious khazan preserved by our ancestors due to global warming,\" said Mhambre.But when pointed out that the board will be vested with sweeping powers under the Act, Mhambre hinted that unwanted components can be weeded out. \"It is up for suggestions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17565268", "title": "6,500 appear for PhD entrance test", "text": "AURANGABAD: More than 6,500 students appeared for the PhD Entrance Test (PET) held on Sunday after a gap of three years by the Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University (BAMU). Around 8,500 students had registered for the examination.The examination was held for research on 52 subjects offered by the university and was held in two sessions, said Sanjay Shinde, public relations officer of the university.The first paper was mandatory while the second paper was related to the chosen faculty for the PhD subject. The examination was held in around 15 centres in various colleges of the city and the results will be declared on December 31.Some discrepancies were observed in the optional answers provided of a question of the paper for Marathi and English language. However, no announcement has been made by the university regarding the vacant seats available for each faculty and the number of guides appointed by the university for each subject.Tukaram Saraf, BAMU president of Bhartiya Vidyarthi Sena (BVS) said, \"The norms issued by the University Grants Commission of 2009 (UGC) states to mention the number of vacancies department wise and guides present for each student needs to be published through the advertisement. The assignment of guide is mandatory as per the UGC. No such thing has been displayed on the notification available on the university website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17566129", "title": "Parents push for public probe", "text": "BANGALORE: Ireland's investigations into the death of Savita Halappanavar may just be an eyewash but her parents and husband are determined to get justice for her. The 31-year-old dentist died on October 28 in University Hospital Galway due to blood poisoning after she was denied medical termination of pregnancy following a miscarriage.\"My daughter has sacrificed her life, but it should not go in vain. Ireland must change its laws and consider a woman's life precious. We want a public inquiry and transparency in the process. The doctors who treated my daughter must be sacked,\" said Savita's father Andanappa Yalagi. He was speaking at a World Human Rights Day event organized by the Karnataka State Women's Commission to protest against the Irish government.Her mother, Akka Mahadevi, sat through the session with tearful eyes and told the audience: \"Humanity is the best religion. All communities and religions must learn to respect human life. We want justice for our daughter, but nothing can bring our daughter back.\"Yalagi said the appointment of the 7-member Health Service Executive committee is nothing but eyewash. \"Unless the Irish government has a public inquiry, the truth won't come out,\" said Yalagi.K Sheela Anish, senior advocate and world president, International Federation of Women Lawyers ( FIDA) said: \"It's a clear case of medical negligence . Not allowing a woman to terminate pregnancy after a miscarriage is violation of human rights,\" she said.C Manjula, chairperson, Karnataka State Women's Commission, said: \"We must bring a law to protect the human rights of NRIs. This case should be an example to fight discrimination against Indian women.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "17565437", "title": "Swami Poornanand begins his indefinite fast", "text": "DEHRADUN: Swami Poornanand Sarswati began an indefinite fast in Haridwar to protest against resumption of quarrying and stone crushing in ecologically sensitive areas close to the Ganga in violation of ministry of environment's norms.Poornanand Sarswati started his fast in presence of the founder of Matrisadan ashram Swami Shivanand Sarswati in protest against Congress-led Uttarakhand government's decision to resume quarrying and stone crushing along the Ganga before completion of the Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) study by the centre and agencies. Poornanad vowed to continue his indefinite fast till Uttarakhand withdrew its orders.\"As I am committed to save the Ganga at any cost, I will not break my fast till Government retracted its decision\", said Poornanad.A senior official in the Uttarakhand government said according to the rules, state governments cannot give the green signal quarrying and stone crushing in these areas where an EIA study is uderway.The EIA was launched jointly by experts from ministry of environment and the department of mining from the Garhwal Mandal Vikas Nigam soon after the previous BJP government banned quarrying and stone-crushing in these areas on December 5 last year.Earlier, Poornanad had gone on a 53-day long fast on July 30 2011 for a probe into the death of Swami Nigmanand, another activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17566179", "title": "Army jawan booked for molesting", "text": "NAGPUR: An army jawan, Mutthu Kumar Arsapan, a native of Tamil Nadu , was booked by the GRP for allegedly molesting a young girl in Kerala express on Sunday night. The victim, who was travelling with her friends from New Delhi to her hometown in Kerala, claimed that Arsapan molested her while she was fast asleep. She immediately alerted the passengers and also the TC. Early morning Nagpur GRP file a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568953", "title": "It's a great honour to work with Aamir, SRK, Salman: Rani", "text": "Actress Rani Mukerji says she is honoured to have shared screen space with the three Khans of the industry - Aamir, Shah Rukh and Salman - and hopes it continues in future too.\"It's a great honour to work with them in any film and I have always said that I always learn from them because I started my career with them and hopefully this association with all the three Khans will be there for a long time,\" the 34-year-old said at the success party of her latest film \" Talaash\".Rani adds that more than just films, it is her personal bond with them that matters.\"Hopefully, I will be acting with them when I am 80. And more than a film's association it is the friendship which I have built with them over the years and I hope this friendship stays forever,\" she said.Rani was also seen in \"Aiyaa\" this year, which did not fare well at the box office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17564138", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcDivert heavy vehicles to prevent jams\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Residents of Dhoomanganj, Sulemsarai, Preetam Nagar, Transport Nagar and adjoining areas have demanded traffic police authorities to divert the route of heavy vehicles through highway as heavy vehicles especially trucks are causing frequent jams leading to accidents on Allahabad-Kanpur route.Residents of these areas were of the view \"Once the no-entry opens for heavy vehicles after 9 pm, truck drivers not only drive recklessly on GT Road but also cause frequent traffic jams.\"President, Mundera Vyapar Mandal, Dhananjay Singh told TOI: \"We have been requesting authorities concerned to open the no-entry on Bamrauli-Sulemsarai stretch after 12 midnight so that people of the areas could feel relief from jams.\" He added: \"Once a road blockade occurs on main GT road, there has been no scope of marketing or shopping for local people and people had to trap in jams.\" He added that most of the families arrive markets situated on GT Road after 7 or 7:30 pm and as the area congested, it takes so much time to travel one area to another. In the meantime, when no-entry for heavy vehicles opens after 9 pm, drivers of heavy vehicle want to pass their vehicles through GT road instead of highway bypass.Singh further added there has been 8 to 10 cases of road mishaps every month in Dhoomanganj circle and heavy vehicles were termed the erring ones behind fatal and non-fatal category mishaps.Singh further pointed out that the delegation of vyapaar mandal would be soon meeting with senior police and administrative officials to get rid of the problem.Another resident, VK Singh said most of the area people who do jobs in other parts of the city return to their houses after 8 or 9 pm and they had to face unwanted commuting problems due to heavy vehicles. He added that heavy vehicles who are on their way to Varanasi from Kanpur had to opt for Kokhraj highway. But these truckers in an attempt to save few bucks opt for GT Road and cause inconvenience to area people. Locals claim that even the police records claim that there has been a spate of cases of road mishaps on GT road in Dhoomanganj police circle but no effective measures have been initiated till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17564030", "title": "For students on Metropolitan Transport Corporation buses it's a life and death ride", "text": "A lorry driver may be primarily responsible for the death of four students on Old Mahabalipuram Road on Monday, but contributing to the tragedy was the lack of Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) services, resulting in more people squeezing into the available buses. For the record, the MTC bus involved in the Monday accident had 120 passengers.Minutes after the accident at 7.45am, whizzing past the wailing friends and families of the victims on the busy road were scores of other MTC buses with several people dangling out of the footboards. Some blame it on the jam-packed buses, some others hold the passengers - often young people - who stand on the footboard even when there is space inside. Subramanian, an MTC driver, says \"unruly students\" always want to be on the footboard. \"If forced inside, they create a ruckus, troubling other passengers,\" he says.But students say a bus ride on OMR in the morning is a nightmare. Saraswathy N, a student of Central Polytechnic College at Taramani, says buses are few and far between during peak hours. \"Sometimes we have to wait for 30 minutes for a bus,\" says Saraswathy, who was in the bus involved in the Monday accident. \"The moment the driver sees students at a bus stop, he drives for another hundred metres before halting.\"MTC opted for deluxe low floor buses with automatic doors on some routes, but the doors have not been working in many buses as overcrowding has left them in disrepair. Manikandan, a student who lost his friend Manoj Kumar to the Monday accident, says he sees several students, including girls, falling down as they run behind buses. \"We just don't have enough buses,\" he says, wiping his blood-stained shirt.Government reports show reveal that Chennai needs a minimum of 5,000 buses, but MTC has only 3,609 buses. In comparison, more than 6,200 buses ply on the roads of Bangalore which has 7 lakh less people than Chennai. Since 1972, when the service was called Pallavan Transport Corporation, the fleet has expanded only a little more than three times. The number of MTC passengers, meanwhile, went up almost four times, from 12 lakh to 47.75 lakh.The MTC has identified deficiency of service in places such as Parrys , Tambaram, Perambur, Adyar, Tondiarpet, Thiruvottiyur and Arumbakam, but the cash-strapped corporation has no means to expand its fleet suddenly. At the most it adds a few hundred buses every five years. Transport experts say it is high time the MTC introduced student special buses as transport corporations in many other states do. While the government has brought out stringent norms for school vans, the same measures are not being ensured for buses that carry children of the less privileged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17568301", "title": "Randy J\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s debut album - Notorious", "text": "Following the unprecedented success of his debut single 'Notorious Jatt' and 2nd and 3rd singles 'Chori Chori' and 'Rattan Nu', Hi Tech Music is proud to present Randy J's debut album 'Notorious!'Notorious is an 11 track album, featuring a variety of rhythms, beats and lyrics. The album features a variety of songs from some of the most established singers in the Bhangra industry today including the legendary Surinder Shinda, Angrej Ali, the Late Kaka Bhainawala and more. Also the album introduces up and coming vocalists Deep Jandu, Saini Surinder and H Sandhu the man behind the hit Notorious Jatt 2.The title track of the album Notorious Jatt was released in May of 2011 and received a phenomenal response worldwide with it receiving close to 1 million hits on YouTube alone! Notorious Jatt cemented Randy J as one of Bhangra's music most promising producers with a growing fan base to go with. With the additional release of 2 more singles from the album Rattan Nu featuring Parm B &amp; Al Beeno and Chori Chori featuring Deep Jandu, has sparked an incredible amount of hype from fans and media for the release of the album Notorious .Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17564118", "title": "Experts recommend ways to check child labour in country", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A one-day training workshop on 'Child labour: Childhood under threat' was organised by the Rajiv Gandhi Chair in Contemporary Studies, Allahabad University, on Monday. The workshop was co-sponsored by National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) and held to mark the International Human Rights Day (December 10).Faculty, United Nations International Institute on Ageing, Prof Rajagopal Dhar Chakraborti identified poverty and economic underdevelopment as the main causes behind child labour. He illustrated this hypothesis with many examples, one of them being the Kerala model of development which has high rate of economic development and lowest number of child labourers. Prof Chakraborti rued there is limited data on the child-based issues and suggested more empirical research on children.Prof MP Dube, dean, AU faculty of arts, said securing human, especially child rights became an important agenda today. He identified three kinds of protection - treaty-based, declaration-based and NGO-based. Prof Dube further said generally human rights are grounded in nature and philosophy, not in the legal sphere.Prof MP Singh, former faculty, political science, Delhi University described different international covenants and Indian Constitutional provisions on child right. He suggested that the Indian Constitution should erase difference between fundamental rights and directive principles. Identifying law implementation as the most important need, Prof Singh suggested for building a state mechanism to evict child labour in India.Prof Krishna Gupta, head, AU political science department, identified child labour as the most important hiccup in the way of healthy and educated childhood. She said, for less immunity power of the children, children mortality and disability also increased through child labour.WM Dhanapala, senior lecturer from Sri Lanka described the condition of her nation in the sphere of child labour and child rights and proposed many remedies to curb it from root. Prof Mark Lindley, visiting professor from Istanbul and visiting professor, University of Kerala shared the western concept of childhood, child rights child labour with the gathering.Other chairpersons like Prof H M Desarda, economist and former member, Maharastra State Planning Board, member Executive Council, University of Hyderabad, Prof Pradeep Bhargava, Director, GB Pant Social Science Institute, Professor SN Chaudhary, Rajiv Gandhi Professor, Rajiv Gandhi Chair in Contemporary Studies, Barkatullah University, Bhopal spoke on the ground level reality of India and suggested ways for eradicating child labour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17565902", "title": "Ladhar was told not to charge arbitration fee: Punjab to court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking up a petition seeking criminal/departmental action against senior Punjab IAS Sucha Ram Ladhar for retaining the amount charged for arbitration, Punjab government on Monday said it had asked Ladhar not to not to charge any arbitration fee, in lieu of work till the final decision in the matter was taken by state government.In a detailed reply on the matter, state said it was also made clear to Ladhar that being a divisional commissioner, arbitration work is a part of his official duty and he was asked to deposit the fee, along with interest earned by him from bank on that amount.Reply was filed by way of counter-affidavit of Balwant Singh, deputy secretary, department of personnel, Punjab on behalf of chief secretary in response to a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) filed by local lawyer H C Arora.In this case, the petitioner has sought criminal/departmental action against Ladhar, for fixing arbitration charges for conducting arbitration in various cases of disputes between private parties and the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) regarding NH-1 and NH-1A and collecting Rs 1.5 crore as such charges, and retaining entire amount with him (instead of depositing it with the government).State's reply also informed the HC about the legal opinion of advocate general's office stating that 'The fixing/charging and then retaining the arbitral fee by Ladhar has to be viewed as misconduct on his part, and against the statutory provisions.Now, the matter has been adjourned for further hearing to February 5 by the HC on account of prayer made by Ladhar's counsel for giving him some more time for filing reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17564185", "title": "Secunderabad Cantonment Board demolishes illegal properties", "text": "HYDERABAD: With police protection, Secunderabad Cantonment Board (SCB) officials on Monday demolished illegal structures at two locations in Trimulgherry.In the first instance, the SCB staff discovered that property owner J Ramdhari Agarwal had taken permission for residential purpose at plot no. 3, but had started construction illegally on plot no 2, at Bhagylakshmi Colony near Trimulgherry.\"We visited the property and found that Ramdhari Agarwal had constructed stilt, ground and two floors for commercial use. The SCB had slapped notices in 2010, but he moved court. Recently, we got the order in our favour,\" SCB junior engineer-II, Devraj told TOI.In the second instance, at plot number 25 at P&T; Colony in Trimulgherry, the owner of the property, G Kiran Kumar, had taken permission for residential purpose, but put up stilt and parking place for commercial use. The SCB demolition squad demolished the deviated part of the structure, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17563926", "title": "Medical instruments worth 30 lakh missing from hospital", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The administration of Sola Civil hospital reported theft of two machines worth Rs 30 lakh from the premises on Sunday night. The police investigators have started questioning the staff members to get clues in the case.According to Sola police, Dr Hitendra Bhavsar, a resident of Aviraj Bungalows, Anandnagar, is the medical superintendent of Sola Civil Hospital.As per Bhavsar's complaint, Dr Falguni Shah, a doctor on duty on Sunday night, called him up at 12.30 am on Monday and informed him that a sonography machine from room number 15 A was missing. Arvind, a security guard also called up Bhavsar and informed him that two locks were reported broken in the search after report of theft.\"Senior staff members rushed to the spot and took stock of the situation when they got to know that the sonography machine worth Rs 20 lakh was stolen. The thieves also stole an eco sensor machine used for cardiac diagnosis from room number 13. The machine was worth Rs 10 lakh. As per the complaint, the thieves accessed the rooms either by duplicate keys or by breaking the locks,\" said a police official.Investigators said that they suspect insider involvement as the hospital has private security in place while nurses and doctors were on duty.\"The machines might have been wheeled out on trolleys from the back door as the front door has security cabin. We are questioning the security staff on duty to get clues,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17565461", "title": "Yeddyurappa loyalists could lose assembly seats", "text": "BELGAUM: Ruling BJP's 14 MLAs and six MLCs, who shared the dais with former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa during the launch of his Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) on Sunday, could be suspended from the party.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar, state BJP president K S Eshwarappa and two senior ministers held informal discussions here on Monday in this regard and reportedly talked tough. \"This (suspension) was our opinion. However, it'll be discussed at the party meeting here on Wednesday,\" a source present at their meeting told TOI.Suspension will be followed by expulsion. The legal pros and cons of suspension and expulsion were discussed. If this punishment is approved by senior leaders, a show-cause notice seeking an explanation would be served on December 14 after the leaders return to Bangalore.\"Based on the rebels' explanation, further action will be taken. If any MLA justifies being present on the dais, he'll be expelled immediately,\" the source added.Defying the party diktat, the BJP legislators took part in the KJP convention and dared their leaders to take action.Eshwarappa dismissed the former CM's claims that he has the support of 60 MLAs. \"Everyone knows Yeddyurappa's strength. There were only 14 MLAs on the dais and 20 supporters, including legislators and ministers, attended the breakfast meet at MLC Shivaraj Sajjanar's residence. It's is a huge setback for Yeddyurappa,\" he said.Slamming Yeddyurappa for saying the CM should dissolve the assembly as he doesn't have the majority, Shettar said he has the numbers to run the government. \"Those who doubt my strength can move a no-confidence motion. There's no question of dissolving the assembly before the term is completed.\"The party will also crack the whip on chiefs of boards and corporation. The heads of statutory bodies aligned with the former CM would be replaced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17564400", "title": "Cop who set wife on fire held", "text": "GUNTUR: Armed reserve constable J Kishore Babu, who set his wife on fire, was arrested here on Monday. Along with Kishore Babu, the police reportedly picked up his parents and a close relative, Mani Babu, for interrogation.Police said that Mani Babu was believed to be the person who encouraged Kishore to go in for a second marriage despite knowing that he had married Pavani Priya of Vengalayapalem village on the outskirts of Guntur. Police said Kishore's parents were also taken into custody for questioning as they reportedly insisted on his marrying a girl from their community.Kishore fell in love with Pavani Priya during his training and married her about a year ago. He, however, kept his parents in the dark about the marriage fearing their disapproval. Under pressure from the parents, he married another girl from their community. He was enraged when Pavani Priya started grilling him about the second marriage and set her on fire on Sunday.Pavani Priya is recovering from burns at the Government General Hospital (GGH). Urban SP Ravikrishna visited the GGH for the second consecutive day and enquired about her recovery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17565649", "title": "Association petition's to collector over lack of approval to stage cultural shows", "text": "COIMBATORE: For district collector M Karunagaran, Monday mornings are a routine affair, where residents address their grievances to him and submit their petitions. Imagine his surprise when political heavyweights including M Karunanidhi, Captain Vijayakanth and Puratchi Thalaivar MG Ramakrishnan walked in his office to submit their grievance petitions. Needless to say, it was just a drama that did provide some amusement, thanks to members of Tamil Nadu Stage Dancers Development Association (TNSDDA). They were at the collector's office to register their grievance over being denied permission to perform during temple festivals in Coimbatore. In their petition they stated that police was denying them permission based on allegations of indecent and vulgar private stage performances organized across the state.\"We are professional artistes and we have great respect for our art and the audience. We agree that there are some people indulging in such indecent acts but none of our members or affiliated artists are involved in such dubious acts. It is unfortunate that we are being denied an opportunity to perform in temples,\" said S Ajithraja, District Secretary, TNSDDA, Coimbatore.\"We can assure you that none of our performances will cross the limits of decency on a public platform and if anyone indulges in illegal activity, appropriate action should be taken,\" said SP Sivasankar, another member of the association and a former office bearer.Senior police officials said that they were not against the artistes performing. The only condition they had laid down was that women should not be exploited in these performances. On several occasions in the past, women were made to dance in a very vulgar way with men on stage, they said.\"We have no restrictions when it comes to cultural performances, stand up comedy, drama and other art forms. But we insist on keeping a tab on these performances since some cinematic dance shows organised late at night in rural areas tend to be vulgar and this is not permitted,\" said ES Uma, SP, Coimbatore.Karunagaran assured the group that the petition will be looked into and they will not be prohibited from staging decent performances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564521", "title": "Rehman Malik wishes to meet PM, Sonia during India visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistani interior secretary Rehman Malik may be headed for an official visit here at the invitation of Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde, but he has expressed his desire to also have an audience with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress president Sonia Gandhi during his stay in the national Capital.As MHA and MEA coordinate to tie up his itinerary, Pakistani authorities are trying their best to squeeze in requests for personal visits by Malik and his delegation to the Nizamuddin shrine here in addition to his proposed religious tour of the Ajmer Sharief and a trip to the Taj Mahal in Agra.Sources in the MEA said no final call had been taken on Malik's request for a meeting with the PM and Sonia, but it seemed a tall order considering that Singh had only recently turned down an invitation from President Asif Ali Zardari to visit Pakistan for Guru Nanak Jayanti on November 28, saying that the time was not right. Though Singh did not elaborate, the lack of credible action by Pakistan in the 26/11 case is seen as the prime reason why India was not keen on the visit just yet.Incidentally, Malik's visit was scheduled soon after to neutralize the impression of a breakdown in Indo-Pakistan engagement in view of the PM's refusal to travel to the neighbouring country.Even though the exact itinerary for the Pakistani minister's three-day visit is still being finalized, bilateral talks between Malik and Indian home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde are tentatively scheduled for December 14 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the day he flies in with his official delegation. \"If the talks and a likely joint statement, to be released at a joint press briefing, wind up on December 14 itself, Malik may head for the dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti the next morning, and possibly keep aside December 16 for his planned visit to Agra. However, if the talks spill over to December 15, we may have to rework the schedule,\" a senior government official told TOI on Monday.Incidentally, no meeting has been sought or scheduled between Malik and Hurriyat Conference representatives.Meanwhile, Shinde told a press briefing on Monday that India would reiterate its request for action against 26/11 mastermind and Lashker-e- Taiba founder Hafiz Saeed and voice samples of 26/11 accused undergoing trial in Pakistan.\"I have talked with him (on these issues) on a number of occasions, including on the sidelines of a SAARC meet in Maldives and the Interpol conference in Rome. Here also, I will mention it,\" he said.Though he did point to the recent developments in the 26/11 trial in Pakistan, Shinde \u00e2\u20ac\u201d when asked if he was satisfied with the progress of the trial \u00e2\u20ac\u201d said he wouldn't like to comment on legal matters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17565531", "title": "Parking at will in towaway zones", "text": "LUDHIANA: The towaway zones in the city are hardly paid any heed to, as commuters continue to park their vehicles here violating the traffic rules, which also results in traffic snarls in busy markets.With limited parking space in the city and the residents not wanting to walk even short distances, the towaway zones have lost their meaning.Businessman Rashpal Singh from Model Town said the tow away zones are more of parking lots. \"The towaway zones in the busy markets like Sarabha Nagar, Ghumar Mandi, Model Town, Mall Road and Ferozepur Road are always packed with vehicles, leading to traffic jams. While the traffic authorities should ensure that vehicles are not parked in tow away zones, it is also the duty of residents not to park vehicles where prohibited,\" added Rashpal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17566252", "title": "No end to Bangalore's garbage woes", "text": "The year is ending but there seems to be no end to Bangalore's garbage woes or the civic administration's gross mismanagement. For months, the crisis has been in the face of not only Bangaloreans but also landfill villagers, who have refused to allow dumping until their conditions are met. Instead of finding longlasting solutions, the quick-fix and piecemeal approach adopted by civic authorities has, literally, led to the mess. The floundering segregation-at source campaign or the latest Mandur controversy are cases in point. As people's patience wears thin, it's time the BBMP and other stakeholders took the issue by its horns and came up with a lasting solution.Related story : Bangalore down in the dumps again", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17565639", "title": "Two DCPs take charge", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two deputy commissioners of police and an assistant commissioner of police took charge on Monday here.K Sugumaran, took charge as deputy commissioner of police for crime. \"I plan to give priority to crime prevention and resolve cases that are still open. I will focus on chain snatching and burglary cases. The public can contact me at any time (97909 - 70708),\" said Sugumaran.Sugumaran, a native of Sirkazhi in Nagapattinam district was selected as Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) after he passed the TNPSC Group - I examination in 2001. After the training, he served as DSP at Karur, Dindigul and Palani. Later he was posted as an assistant commissioner of police. He was promoted to additional deputy commissioner of police in Madurai in the Prohibition Enforcement Wing (PEW). Last week, he was promoted to Superintendent of Police and will take charge as Deputy Commissioner of police (crime) in Coimbatore city.G Ramar took charge as Deputy Commissioner of Police (headquarters) on Monday. Ramar, a native of Madurai, is a 1999 group-I officer posted as assistant commissioner of police at Palayamkottai in Tirunelveli city in 2001. He served as AC in Chennai city police also. He was promoted as ADC for PEW in South Chennai and later promoted as SP, food cell in Chennai in 2010. He was serving as SP at Nagapattinam in 2011-12. Last week he was transferred to Coimbatore city as DCP (headquarters).V Geetha, a native of Erode, was selected as DSP in 2009. After her training she was posted as DSP at Pudukottai Town. She was transferred to Coimbatore city police as assistant commissioner of police (crime -east subdivision). She took charge on Monday and said that she would focus on preventing crime in the east sub-division. The public can contact her on this number -98845 83605.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17565571", "title": "House nod to women's varsity bill", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal Assembly on Monday gave a go-ahead to the setting up of the first of its kind women's university in Bengal, and also in eastern India. The Diamond Harbour Women's University Bill, 2012, made its way through in the debate though the Left had proposed to send the Bill to the Select Committee for scrutiny.The state's focus is on high quality education in humanities, social science and basic sciences to women, said higher education minister Bratya Basu. The government is likely to spend Rs 10 crore towards university infrastructure, and an annual grant of Rs 5 crore towards salary of the employees.What seems to be largely a cut-and-paste of the West Bengal Universities (Amendment) Act, 2011, read with the original University Act, the new Bill has a special provision for resolution of disputes within the university.The Bill, under clause 33, provides for setting up a tribunal comprising three members to adjudicate disputes between the university and its teachers, officers or employees. The clause arms the employee to approach the tribunal in case the university fails to address the dispute brought to the notice of the university authorities within a month. The three-member tribunal comprises chairman, to be nominated by the chancellor, another representative from university's highest policy-making body - the executive council - and a person nominated by the aggrieved staffer.\"To begin with, this will be a unitary and non-affiliating university. We may later propose to start more departments,\" said Basu. Replying to the query from CPM MLAs, Basu informed the house that 15 acres have already been allotted to set up the university under Diamond Harbour police station in South 24-Parganas. \"Work will begin immediately on seven acres land,\" Basu said. At the outset, the new university won't have the post of pro-vice-chancellors, both academic and administrative, as there are provisions in Calcutta University.Like the other state universities, students have no place in policy-making bodies like the court and the executive council. A student representative has been accommodated in the faculty council, though he won't be allowed to take part in any meeting discussing matters relating to conduct of examination and publication of results.Opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra requested Basu to send the Bill to the standing committee. \"A lot needs to be debated before the Bill is passed and made into an act. We had very short time between the Bill being circulated in the assembly on Friday and tabled on Monday,\" Mishra said. He also urged the government to set up another university in the district looking into the long distance that the students need to travel to receive higher education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564407", "title": "Commuters languish despite hefty toll collection on Gurgaon-Jaipur stretch", "text": "NEW DELHI: Contractors operating the Gurgaon expressway and Gurgaon-Jaipur stretch of NH-8 are making good money with a major chunk going to the highways authority even as commuters taking the two toll roads have been crying themselves hoarse for better facilities.In three-and-a-half years till October, toll collection on the Gurgaon expressway was close to Rs 739 crore while it was at least Rs 1,188 crore on the Gurgaon-Jaipur stretch, minister of state for road transport and highways Sarve Sathyanarayana told Lok Sabha on Monday.The list placed before the House had details of all NH projects where toll charges are collected either by agencies appointed by NHAI or by private concessionaires who have bagged projects under build-operate-transfer (BOT-Toll) mode.While Gurgaon expressway is on the revenue sharing model where NHAI gets 50% of the toll collected beyond 1.2 lakh passenger car units (PCUs) per day, in the case of Gurgaon-Jaipur stretch, the authority gets 48% of the toll and this increases annually by 1%.Though a few MPs in Lok Sabha accused the government of allowing contractors to exploit commuters by charging toll even when road work was not complete and their inefficiency in providing facilities, no question was raised on NHAI's role even as it is earning money from these projects.Responding to the alleged exploitation by contractors, highways minister C P Joshi assured the House that his ministry would resolve all toll related issues which have cropped up including location of toll plazas because of awarding of different projects during different periods.Gurgaon expressway project was awarded under the 1997 toll rules that allowed toll plazas within municipal limits. NHAI modified the rules in 2008, saying a toll plaza should be located at least 10 km outside any municipal area and that the minimum distance between two toll plazas should be 60 km. In recent times, there have been several protests against the Gurgaon expressway on these two counts. However, there is no such issue barring the hiked toll on Jaipur highway project since it was awarded as per 2008 toll norms.Joshi told the House that his ministry would sort out the differences in norms due to the two different set of rules. He assured members that the ministry would negotiate with individual concessionaires to find a way out.Joshi said matters like discount to local vehicles could be sorted out and his ministry had started taking steps towards such negotiations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17563144", "title": "Ontong savours 'mini-World Cup'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Momentum One-Day Cup defending champions, the Nashua Mobile Cape Cobras, have it all to play for when they take on the bizhub Highveld Lions in the final of the tournament at the Bidvest Wanderers Stadium, Cape Town, on Friday.With their title on the line and having won six matches on the trot, many might think there is extra pressure on the Cape side to bring home the cup.The Cobras lost three matches early on in the competition but, since then, the team has come together and pulled off some spectacular performances and, for skipper Justin Ontong, it's those kind of team efforts which hold the key to their success.\"I don't think there is that much extra pressure on us. We didn't start off very well in the competition, but we got much better as the competition went on. We gelled nicely and it was always a good team effort. Of course there have been some outstanding performances from individuals, but it's always been the team that has come together to get us over the line,\" Ontong said.The bizhub Highveld Lions have been equally resolute throughout their campaign, having lost just two matches. Ontong knows his charges will need one more slog to get over the line and bring the trophy back to Cape Town.\"These last few games have taken a lot out of us mentally, but we know we need that one final push in the final. It definitely won't be easy against the Lions, but we have time to put in the hard work to get us ready for that final clash,\" the skipper said.The Nashua Mobile Cape Cobras have been bolstered by the return of some of the star Proteas players with Dale Steyn, Robin Peterson, Rory Kleinveldt, Vernon Philander and Graeme Smith all back in contention. Philander wasn't selected for the eliminator and Smith missed out through injury, but Steyn was outstanding upon his return, taking five wickets against the Nashua Titans on Sunday.\"It's fantastic to have the Proteas guys back in the side and Steyn was outstanding on Sunday. These senior players bring a completely different energy to the side and it's great for the younger guys and the domestic guys to feed off that energy and that experience,\" said Ontong.Ontong also says that this is as big as it gets for the domestic players and that the challenge to win in the final is one the players will savour. \"For us domestic guys, this is what you play for. You play to be in that final and to win that final. It's almost like a mini-World Cup for us,\" Ontong said.Ontong was appointed captain at the start of the season, taking over from Justin Kemp, when Paul Adams took over as coach. The 32-year-old has a wealth of experience, having made his first-class debut in 1998 and says the challenges of captaincy have been lessened thanks to the way the team has performed.\"The job is much easier when you are winning,\" Ontong says. \"I think we have such a good blend of senior guys and younger guys and the way they have come together as a team, the way we spoke the same language, that's what has been our strength and what has helped us in this competition,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nuzvid", "code": "17564253", "title": "Laptops stolen from IIIT Nuzvid", "text": "NUZVID: Nearly 15 laptops and other computer peripherals were found stolen from a computer lab of IIIT Nuzvid. Although, the laptops were being stolen over the last few days, the authorities of institute approached the police on Monday. Within few hours, the police picked up a part-time worker in the institute and started grilling him.Sources said the suspect confessed to the crime before the police. Police sources said they also recovered some of the stolen property. Police, however, are baffled about how the theft took place when there was heavy security at the institute.There were as many as 117 security guards round the clock on duty. Police are also trying to find out who else could have been involved in the theft.The accused reportedly told the police that he managed to take away the laptops thinking no one would suspect anything as the institute had nearly 2,000 laptops for the use of students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17566125", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa off on Kerala pilgrimage", "text": "BANGALORE: After the successful launch of his new party followed by a reprieve from the CBI court in an illegal mining kickback case, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa on Monday left to Kerala to worship at some temples.He is expected to visit the Raja Rajeswara temple at Taliparamba in Kannur district and other nearby temples.This is not the first time he has visited temples here. During his November 2008 worship at the Taliparamba temple, he had gifted an elephant and last year, he went there after he was released from Jail.His son BS Raghavendra is accompanying Yeddyurappa. Sources said a couple of BJP MLAs and a minister in the Jagadish Shettar cabinet are also with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17566431", "title": "Personalized medicine to be reality soon", "text": "LONDON: Personalized medicine for all in the United Kingdom could be a possibility in the \"very near future\" as people will soon be able to have their entire DNA make-up mapped for as little as \u00c2\u00a3100, a leading British professor has said.Sir John Bell, professor of medical sciences at Oxford University , adviser on genetics to the government and chair of its human genomics strategy group, made his comments as UK Prime Minister David Cameron launched a national DNA database of up to 100,000 patients with cancer or rare diseases , The Telegraph reported.\"The price of genome sequencing has been falling off a cliff. It has fallen by 100,000-fold in 10 years. We are headed for \u00c2\u00a3100 a genome. That will happen in the very near future,\" Bell said. He told Radio 4's Today programme that it means everybody's genetic make up would therefore be available if they wish it to be. \"Genetics is a key component of all common diseases. There is a possibility that this will help in a whole variety of ways including the use of new drugs,\" he said.The UK will be the first country to introduce hi-tech DNA mapping within a mainstream health system in a move designed to help it lead the world in tackling cancer and rare diseases Downing Street said.Campaigners warned the project, in which patients will have to opt out of having their personal DNA code sequenced if they do not wish to be involved, comes with \"very real privacy concerns\" . If extended to the whole population, individuals and their relatives could be identified and tracked by matching their DNA to their genome stored in health care records in a move which could \"wipe out privacy\" , GeneWatch UK said.Both the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats opposed plans for a DNA database put forward under Labour, in part due to concerns over civil liberties , the paper said.But up to 100,000 patients over three to five years will now have their personal DNA code sequenced, anonymised and stored to increase doctors' understanding of their genetic make-up , condition and treatment needs, and help develop potentially life-saving new drugs. \"By unlocking the power of DNA data, the NHS will lead the global race for better tests, better drugs and above all better care,\" Cameron said. \"We are turning an important scientific breakthrough into a potentially life-saving reality for patients. If we get this right, we could transform how we diagnose and treat our most complex diseases not only here but across the world, while enabling our best scientists to discover the next wonder drug or breakthrough technology ,\" he added.Mapping the human genome for the first time in 2000 cost about \u00c2\u00a3500 million, but it will soon be able to be done for less than \u00c2\u00a31,000, clearing the way for personalized medicines and individualized treatments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17564845", "title": "Tongare murder case transferred to CID", "text": "PUNE: The crime investigations department (CID) has taken over the probe in the sensational murder case of trainee software engineer Darshana Tongare.Darshana, 21, was stabbed to death on July 30, 2010 at Bavdhan. The case has been transferred from the city police to the CID following an order from the Bombay high court. Darshana's brother Ketan Devidas Tongare had filed a writ petition in the high court regarding the investigations in the case.In a recent order, the high court stated that the additional public prosecutor has submitted a report of the Pune police commissioner regarding the investigation of the case. The investigation appears to have been properly carried out. However, it is observed that the state has no objection if the investigation is transferred to the state CID.Sadanand Wayse-Patil, superintendent of police (CID), Pune unit, who is the new investigating officer of the case, told TOI: \"I have taken over the probe from the Hinjewadi police on Sunday.\"Darshana, a resident of Suvarna Park society in Bavdhan Khurd, was stabbed in her lower chest with a sharp weapon in a lane near Maratha Mandir at Bavdhan. The incident took place after she was dropped in the isolated lane by her friend Abhijit Taru. Darshana died after two hours while undergoing treatment at a private hospital.Niranjan Badde, an engineer, had seen the suspect and chased him. But he had managed to escape. Badde had rushed Tongare to the hospital.The Hinjewadi police as well as the crime branch tried to solve the case. The police have recorded statements of several persons, including criminals on police records, construction labourers, autorickshaw drivers, school bus drivers, 'paan' stall owners, grocery shop owners, Darshan's college friends , relatives and neighbours. The police also checked the mentally challenged persons in the area, but have not got any clue about the suspect.Senior inspector Ganpatrao Madgulkar, then in charge of Hinjewadi police station, told TOI that the police had checked all possibilities for solving the case. \"There were many constructions going on in Bavdhan during that period. We had checked 657 construction labourers from 16 sites and recorded their statements. We had also sent teams to Karnataka to verify the characters of the some suspected labourers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17566400", "title": "Gut microbes can be your genetic fingerprint", "text": "WASHINGTON: The massive collection of microbial DNA in your intestine is unique, and just like human DNA it varies from person to person, according to a new study.\"Surprisingly, each of us can be identified by the collective DNA of our gut microbes,\" said researcher George Weinstock, associate director of The Genome Institute at Washington University . \"That collection is individualized, completely analogous to our human genome . Differences in the way individuals respond to various drugs or the way they use specific nutrients can be traced to the genetic variation in our microbial genes as well as in our human genes,\" Weinstock said.The study, by researchers at Washington University School of Medicine in St Louis and the European Molecular Biology Laboratory in Heidelberg, Germany, is the first to catalog the genetic variation of microbes that live in the gut.The study sheds light on how gut microbes extract nutrients from food, synthesize vitamins, protect against infections, and produce compounds that naturally reduce inflammation .The researchers analysed the microbial DNA in 252 stool samples from 207 individuals in the US and Europe . Researchers zeroed in on 101 microbes species commonly found in the intestine, identifying more than 10 million single-letter changes in the collective DNA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17565415", "title": "No name-dropping for favours, warns Adhir", "text": "KOLKATA: Minister of state for railways Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury has made it clear that officials shouldn't entertain any requests made by persons or organisations by taking his name.The railways may lodge FIRs against such people or organisations and inform the matter to the minister's secretariat, Chowdhury directed. Senior railway officials particularly in West Bengal - who have worked under tremendous pressure for the last three-odd years - see this as a welcome move.\"It will be of great help if the minister doesn't patronise name-dropping.In the last three years, we have witnessed so much of this that we were slightly apprehensive when yet another name from the state was announced for the post of minister of state for railways. There would be individuals and organisations who would drop names to receive favours, be it to bag small contracts, get people transferred or merely get tickets confirmed. It will be of great help if the minister takes a stand against such people,\" an official said.Recently, all zonal general managers received letters from the minister's office which stated: \"It has transpired that, some unscrupulous individuals/organizations are trying to misuse the name of Shri Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury, Hon'ble Minister of State for Railways (A) for obtaining some favours from various Railway Authorities. Shri Chowdhury has taken a serious note of such tendency and has issued strict instructions to all concerned of all zonal Railways not to entertain any such individual/organization.\"Sources revealed that several officers have been transferred in the last three years for refusing to entertain people who claimed to be close to ministers. Matters had come to such a head that officers wouldn't even bother to check the authenticity of a claim, fearing punishment. Chowdhury is probably the only minister in recent times to officially put a stop to such practices.\"The minister has instructed that requests from any individual/organization using his name for any favour should not be entertained and the same should be immediately brought to the knowledge of his secretariat of minister of state for railways (A). The minister has also instructed that, if necessary, FIRs may be lodged by the railway officers concerned to book such culprits who misuse his name,\" another official said.Chowdhury, when contacted by TOI, said that he has taken the step in anticipation to curb any attempt by unscrupulous elements to misuse his name. \"I am aware of what transpired in the last few years,\" he said.On Monday, Chowdhury also inspected the Railway Protection Force barracks in Howrah and was not pleased at what he saw. The minister urged Eastern Railway to prepare a note for the Railway Board so that steps could be taken for improvement of living conditions. Chowdhury promised to take up the matter once the note is forwarded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17564728", "title": "Religious congregation set to boost hospitality business", "text": "The Maha Kumbh starting next month will not only be one of the biggest religious congregations of the world for over a month, but also give a fillip to the local tourism industry. The hotel industry in Allahabad, in particular, is all set to witness a new high. No wonder, a number of hotels have undergone renovation to capture the opportunity to the maximum.On the business potential of the event, director, Institute of Tourism Development and Management, Prof Manoj Dixit said, \"The average occupancy of hotels in Allahabad for tourism purposes rarely crosses 35% on a normal day. But it exceeds all limits during the Kumbh mela period. The facilities are utilized beyond their maximum potential. This means that there is straight away a profit margin of 65%, and anything beyond that is a bonanza.\"President of the UP hotels and restaurants' association, Surendra Jaiswal, said that the industry was hoping for more than 100% occupancy. \"Many people come in the morning, pay a visit to the mela area, rest for a while and leave by the night. The same room is given to another person in the queue. In other words, rooms in a hotel are occupied all the time during the Kumbh period,\" he said. Citing local hoteliers, he added, \"The demand can be estimated from the fact that even the corridors and verandahs are sold out.\"In the wake of the same, many hotels have undergone renovation. \"Hotel industry is quite face value-driven. So, everything in a hotel should appeal to the tourists. Then, as compared to the previous season, many things have left the 'luxury' category and are deemed to be a necessity today. An air-conditioned room is a typical example. Similarly, many things, such as use of coolers and heaters have become obsolete. Therefore, renovation was rather a need of the hour. In most of the places, the facelift work is in its final stages,\" said a tourism officer.The state tourism department has invested heavily in its properties in view of the Mahakumbh. Those who have earlier stayed in UP State Tourism Development Corporation's hotel Triveni Darshan now may not identify it at all. The old basic accommodation is all set to give a backwaters experience to its guests. \"Three super luxury VVIP suits are coming up in the renovated hotel. The entire set up is air-conditioned and the new entrance of the hotel faces the river. Passing through the lavish garden of the hotel one can hope for a visit of a lifetime to this place,\" said DP Singh, the manager of all tourism department hotels in Allahabad.Similarly, the Rahi Ilawart Tourist Bunglow has also undergone major change. \"The front facia is totally new. Then, a banquet hall having a capacity of 500 persons has been constructed while the courtyard covered with a beautiful dome. Not only this, the flooring and tile work has been redone to keep up with latest trends in interiors,\" added Singh. Officials at the tourism department directorate said that approximately Rs 3 crore has been spent on the renovation work alone.The buzz can also be estimated from the fact that most of the hotels are already sold out. Regional tourist officer Amit Srivastava said that all luxury cottages have been booked on the nine main days (such as Shahi snaan) and their occupancy rate on other days is over 80% as of now. \"The cottages will see cent percent occupancy for other days by the end of December,\" claimed Srivastava. A similar trend has been reported for all the 345 Swiss cottages as well. The tourism department has introduced the bed and breakfast scheme in the city. Under this scheme, owner of a house can enroll with the department to accommodate tourists. The owner has to ensure comfortable stay and breakfast to the tourist. This provides affordable accommodation to tourists and helps locals earn good money.Industry experts say that most of the private hotels are also full. But some of them have acted rather smart in wake of the advantages of the last minute bookings. Some locals claimed that certain hotels were involved in underhand dealings as well. \"The websites may claim that the hotel charges Rs 6,000 per night and telephonic inquiry would mean a point blank No. But if you insist, the hotel will be ready to make an arrangement at double the price,\" said an officer. It may be noted that the Sangam city has 33 hotels in the luxury category, 60-70 hotels in the budget category and about 30 places in the other category that comprises dharamshalas and guest houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17565945", "title": "Nagpur pitch may also disappoint MS Dhoni", "text": "NAGPUR: The India-England series was pitched as a revenge series. Over the last two Tests, the theme has changed completely with Team India suffering a role reversal.Far from being the avengers, they are the ones at the receiving end now. With back-to-back wins, it is England who are revelling in alien conditions.As both India and England arrived in Nagpur on Monday for the fourth Test starting on Thursday, it is the hosts who are looking desperately for a win to draw the series and salvage some pride.Since there has been much talk over the pitches offered for the Tests in the series, the Nagpur track is also in focus now. There is suspense over the nature of the 22 yards with the Vidarbha Cricket Association officials refusing to reveal anything.However, sources informed TOI that the Indian team management has asked for a rank turner. The bad news is that they won't be getting one.The Nagpur pitch is likely to be somewhat similar to the Eden Gardens track. Sources said that the pitch will be dry but it will offer more bounce than the Eden wicket.It seems, Indian skipper MS Dhoni, who was happy with only the Mumbai pitch, is in for more disappointment. Traditionally, the pitch here has been a balanced one. It has offered something to every one - the batters, the pacers and the spinners.India have so far played three Tests at the Jamtha stadium, winning two and losing one. The last two Tests played here have ended within four days. But the pitches were by no means a bowling paradise.Against South Africa, in 2010, it was Dale Steyn who exploited the bounce to rattle the Indians after South Africa has amassed a 500-plus total in the first innings. India lost the match by an innings.In the last match, against New Zealand, Ishant Sharma took seven wickets as India won by an innings margin. The Indian spinners accounted for 11 wickets.This time around, Ishant has lost the nip while the England batsmen have shown much more skill and determination than the Kiwis in 2010.Those are the two traits MS Dhoni and his team would need to show if they want to square the series, whatever the nature of the pitch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17566247", "title": "State releases Rs 63.38 lakh for wildlife treatment centre", "text": "NAGPUR: After giving nod to transit treatment centre at Seminary Hills, the state government on December 6, released Rs63.38 lakh for its development.On October 18, the government had given administrative sanction to the much-needed transit treatment centre for injured wild animals at 'Deer Park' at Seminary Hills. Till now injured wild animals including big carnivores like tigers and leopards were either treated at Seminary Hills nursery or at the park without any requisite facilities.On several occasions, due to man-animal conflict, injured wild animals are brought to the city from forest areas for treatment. \"At times these animals are fit to be released after minor treatment and hence the need for transit centre,\" officials said.The treatment centre was a necessity looking into the spurt in cases of wild animals including tigers and leopards being removed from the forests following shrinking habitat owing to pressure on forests.Since 2009, at least a dozen tigers and an equal number of leopards were brought for treatment to the city from the forests in the region. The memories of Katlabodi and Tass tigress, rescued from open wells in Nagpur district, are still afresh and remind how painstaking efforts are needed to treat and successfully rehabilitate such animals.A full-grown tiger trapped in a steel trap in Gondmohadi in Palasgaon range in Chandrapur was treated in the open at Seminary Hills nursery and was released in a bigger enclave in the city zoo.Due to lack of treatment facilities at Seminary Hills, there was certainly some amount of negligence.The treatment centre at Seminary Hills will have transit room and cages, open space for treated animals, doctors room, medical equipment like x-ray machine, operation theatre, medicines etc.The transit treatment centre doesn't need permission from the Central Zoo Authority (CZA) and hence it was easy to get the proposal cleared. The CZA has already cleared a rescue centre at Gorewada in 23 hectares. The idea is to shift animals treated at transit centre to Gorewada in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17564873", "title": "Pune reported 74 cases of dengue in last 10 days", "text": "PUNE: The city's fight against dengue infection continues unabated with as many as 74 cases being reported in the last 10 days. \"An average of eight to 10 dengue cases are being reported every day. On Sunday, we registered 14 cases, while on Monday, there were five confirmed cases in the city. We expect the cases to go down with further fall in temperature,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, Pune Municipal Corporation.Vaishali Jadhav, head of the insect control department at the PMC, too, said, \"The winter chill is slowly setting in and the number of dengue cases will come down in the days to come.\"Minimum temperatures have been on a gradual decline after touching a high of 17.9 degrees Celsius last week. On Monday, the minimum temperature was 16.1 degrees Celsius, five degrees Celsius above normal, while the India Meteorological Department has forecast the same to come down to 12 degrees Celsius in the next 48 hours.Usually, the chill in the weather results in reduction in the number of mosquitoes and, consequently, in the number of dengue cases. The aedes aegypti mosquito goes into hibernation when the temperature dips. The favourable condition for mosquito breeding is a humidity level of 60% and an atmospheric temperature between 21 and 23 degrees Celsius. Symptoms of typical uncomplicated (classic) dengue usually start with fever within four to seven days of the infected mosquito's bite. A typical patient of dengue fever has flu-like high fever and extreme muscular and joint pain, doctors said.Eleven people have succumbed to dengue fever so far this year. Among them, six were residents of Pune. Four of them were found to have breeding places of the aedes aegypti mosquito, the dengue vector, right inside their houses.The Union health ministry's team that carried out larval survey in dengue-affected areas of Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad recently, underlined low level of awareness among residents in tackling breeding spots of mosquitoes. The team also pointed out the need for strict regulations against storage of tyres and other scrap material, lying unattended in different areas, which collect water and provide ideal setting for mosquito breeding.Besides cases of dengue fever, the city has also reported 20 cases of chikungunya, another mosquito-borne infection so far this year. The mosquito that causes chikungunya also breeds in clean water. Aedes aegypti mosquitoes are common vectors for dengue virus and chikungunya virusAs many as 139 cases of malaria infection have also been reported this year. Malaria is caused by plasmodium parasites. The parasites are spread to people through the bites of infected anopheles mosquitoes, called 'malaria vectors'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564647", "title": "300 to boycott law exam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over 300 law students of Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Dwarka, have threatened to boycott their semester examinations starting Thursday.The students are demanding the removal of the dean of the University School of Law and Legal Studies as well as a review of the decision to bar students from appearing in the exams due to shortage of attendance.The university has been witnessing a spate of protests and on Monday hundreds of law students demonstrated at the Dwarka Campus and set a deadline for the university to resolve the issue by Wednesday.\"We complained to the university over physical abuse of a teacher in class by the dean's son but no action was taken. There are allegations of corruption against the dean,\" a final year student said. The university's decision to not let 68 law students sit for the semester exams due to attendance shortage triggered the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564774", "title": "Road accident victim gets 37 lakh in damages", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Motor Accident Claims Tribunal has awarded a compensation of Rs 36.98 lakh to a 40-year-old man, who suffered 90% permanent disability in a road mishap involving a rashly-driven car.The tribunal directed ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, with which the offending vehicle was insured, to pay Rs 36,98,911 to city resident Manjeet Singh.As per the FIR and chargesheet, the driver was drunk while driving the vehicle. The documents of criminal case which have been placed on record are prima facie evidence of the fact that Singh suffered injuries on account of rash and negligent driving of the offending vehicle by the driver, MACT presiding officer Harish Dudani said.Singh told the tribunal that the accident had taken place on the night of July 1, 2009 when a Santro car had hit him as he was crossing a road near Dhaula Kuan. He added that due to the impact he sustained grievous injuries and had to be rushed to a nearby hospital.He said he was rendered paralysed from below the waist, has lost control of his bowel movements and is incapable of working.Singh also told the tribunal that he was working as a senior programmer with a company here and was earning a salary of Rs 15,570 per month. The driver and owner of the car, Shaleen Bhatnagar and Mani Padma respectively, contented before the tribunal that the accident had taken place as Singh was negligent and careless towards traffic rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17565835", "title": "Courtesy govt apathy, Beas flows polluted", "text": "MANALI: The holy waters of Beas river have gradually become a dustbin, sewerage and even a corpse-yard for the residents as well as visitors in Kullu. It's blue water, with white rapids, looks so beautiful from a distance, but the reality remains quite different.Be it hotels , restaurants, houses or even schools, their occupants have made Beas river a dustbin, meant for everyday use. Tonnes of garbage can be seen lying on the river banks and sewerage lines of many houses open into the water stream directly. The alarming level of river pollution is not only an open invitation to diseases but is dangerous for underwater creatures as well, besides reducing the sanctity of the river, originally known as Bipasha river.Sources said that hoteliers and restaurant owners have been regularly throwing tonnes of garbage into the river during night time, but surprisingly, no challans have been issued in this regard so far. Neither the government nor any non-governmental organization has come forward to make people aware about this menace. Apart from kitchen waste, non-degradable items, farm residue and pesticides, even expired medicines from government and non-government hospitals are being discharged into the river directly, they said.Nanak Chand Sharma, a septuagenarian from Sarvari area of Kullu, said, \"Beas was not so polluted 20 years back. Construction of hundreds of hotels, increasing population, plastic packaging and indifferent attitude of the government are responsible for the unimpeded destruction of holy Beas.\" Discharge of garbage into the river is a regular practice here to which we have become habitual, he lamented.The river is an ideal site for thousands of stockmen of Kullu to dump their dead animals. At any given time, dozens of cattle can be ssen lying dead in the river or by the riverbank, which hugely contaminate the water. \"People are throwing cattle carcasses into the river while some bury the dead animals by the riverside. These people think that there are floods in the river every year which will sweep away all the dirt and bodies,\" said a resident of Patlikuhal village, Hari Prasad Singh.No different is the situation with Sarvari, Parbati, Tirthan, Sainj, Manalsu, Duhangan, Badagran and other tributaries of Beas, which have long become garbage carriers for many villages of Kullu. However, not even a single signboard has been installed anywhere in the district, warning against throwing of garbage into the river, said another resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17565412", "title": "Min, Ujjain mayor take potshots at each other", "text": "UJJAIN: The verbal duel between state food minister Paras Jain and mayor Rameshwar Akhand in Ujjain is out in the open now, exposing lack of coordination between the public representatives.The recent episode started two days ago when Jain, during a foundation laying function organized by Ujjain Development Authority (UDA), openly expressed his dissatisfaction over the Ujjain Municipal Corporation's functioning. Comparing the civic body with that of Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC), he said UMC fails to take care of infrastructure in the city as good as IMC does. \"I have no faith in municipal corporation,\" he said.Reacting to the statement, Akhand criticized Jain. At a meeting organized to review Simhastha works, the mayor spoke on slow pace of road widening work at Agar Road. He alleged that the contractors are the Paras Jain's acquaintance and hence no action has been taken against them. All senior administrative and police officials were present at the meeting.When contacted, Jain said he has no differences with Akhand. He said pending road jobs should be done at the earliest. \"Take action against the erring contractors,\" he said.Defending UMC, Akhand said the civic body is competent in carrying all works but some people were trying maligning it. Both the leaders have been directed to avoid commenting in open.The episode started two days ago when food minister, during a foundation laying function organized by UDA openly expressed his dissatisfaction with UMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17564002", "title": "Diabetes fuelled TB seen rising in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Having already earned the ignominy of being called the diabetic capital of India, Hyderabad is now staring at rising tuberculosis (TB) cases fuelled by diabetes.At least 30-40% of the diabetics either suffer from TB or dormant TB that is ready to activate as and when the blood sugar levels become uncontrolled, experts said.TB happens to be the largest cause of mortality and morbidity among diabetics in India, seen both in children and adults, but hardly diagnosed on time. \"This is largely because TB is unnoticed and uncared for among diabetics. TB induces glucose intolerance and worsens glycemic control,\" said Dr P V Rao, head of endocrinology department at the Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences. \"40% of diabetics have TB across social strata,\" said Dr Rao, who sees upto 100 patients a day.Experts say that diabetes increases the risk of TB by two to three times than in normal people. But not all endocrinologists screen their patients for TB as either they are too busy or do not understand public health implications of TB, several doctors noted. They maintain that in patients with TB, diabetes is not suspected or recognized. For instance, loss of weight is a common feature for both diabetes and TB.So if a diabetic is losing weight, doctors tend to ignore the underlying TB. \"We always link diabetes with hypertension, heart and kidney disease but overlook TB,\" said Dr Rao. Also, diseases like that of heart are glorified but with TB, there is stigma attached, he adds.In Hyderabad, one in six people aged above 25 years suffer from diabetes. Looking at the gravity of the situation, the British Thoracic Society has included TB as the sixth complication of diabetes. \"I see 4-5 patients in a month with pre-existing diabetes who newly develop TB,\" says Dr R Santosh, consultant endocrinologist, Magna Clinics. His latest patient was a 33-year-old woman suffering from Type 1 diabetes who was diagnosed with TB of the uterus. Dr R K Sahay, head, endocrinology, Osmania General Hospital said that uncontrolled diabetes increases the risk of TB. \"Just about 30-40% of the diabetics have their sugar levels under control,\" said Dr Sahay.International Diabetes Federation states that regions such as Africa and Asia that are most heavily affected by tuberculosis are also those that have some of the highest numbers of people with diabetes, and will experience the biggest increases by 2030.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17563413", "title": "BMC starts vector control in Malwani after dengue deaths", "text": "MUMBAI: Shakila Jafari is still recovering from the dual blow of losing her husband Tariq and daughter Tasneem to dengue. Afflicted by the same mosquito-borne infection, Shakila twice got discharged in the middle of her treatment to attend the funerals of her family members.Shakila's sister-in-law Momina Khan said the 30-year-old is still very weak and trying to cope with the twin tragedy. \"Her health is stable. She has been taking medicines regularly and we are closely monitoring her condition.\"Khan said four-year-old Tasneem's siblings have been checked by doctors for symptoms of dengue. \"Her two brothers-one aged six and the other one-and-a-half-have no fever or any other sign of the disease. Doctors have confirmed that,\" Khan explained.Following the deaths in the Jafari family and because of the ensuing outrage, Khan said, the civic authorities initiated vector control activities such as fogging in Malwani. \"They should do it regularly and not once in three months after lives are lost,\" she said.The BMC carried out a quick survey of the area that has 1,000 houses soon after Tariq's death and found 7-8 fever cases. A civic official said no dengue cases were discovered, though locals maintained that about 10 residents of the area were affected by dengue in the past few weeks.Civic statistics suggest that dengue cases have dipped in Mumbai since October. While 166 cases were reported in November, the figure was 237 in October and 242 in September. In the first nine days of December, only 28 people contracted dengue, according to official figures.Additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar argued that the dengue outbreak is a national issue. \"It is not just Mumbai's problem. States like Tamil Nadu and West Bengal have more cases than Maharashtra. Even Pondicherry has more than 1,000 cases, though its population is smaller than Mumbai's,\" she said.Experts pointed out that Mumbai has recorded more dengue deaths than Delhi, which over the years has come to be known as the country's dengue capital. Four people succumbed to dengue in Delhi this year as against five in Mumbai. The incidence of dengue cases, though, was higher in Delhi: it recorded over 2,000 cases of the disease while Mumbai registered 935.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17564006", "title": "10 held for undertrial's murder, 3 surrender at Vellore court", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Monday claimed to have solved the December 7 murder of an undertrial in a bus at the Red Hills terminus with the arrest of 10 members of a gang in Kancheepuram. Three others surrendered at a court in Vellore. A hunt is on for three others.Investigators said the assault on the undertrial, Devaraj, at the bus terminus was the third attempt.When Devaraj was brought to a court in Ponneri near Chennai from the Trichy prison, the 16 gang members lay in wait. \"There were many policemen in court and the gang waited in a car and an SUV. When Devaraj and two escorting policemen boarded a bus outside the court, the gang followed them into the bus and killed Devaraj,\" Madhavaram additional deputy commissioner of police S Jayakumar said.M Manikandan, S Perumal, L Selvam, R Selva Arasu, G Baskar, N Karthik, E Nagaraj, R Chandrasekar, S Madhan and Sampath were nabbed at Kancheepuram. Earlier, Dinesh, 'Military' Suresh and Adikesavan surrendered before a court in Vellore.Police said Devaraj's brother 'Mandi' Srinivasan was murdered by a gang in Kancheepuram after he questioned a rowdy Dinesh over his affair with Srinivasan's wife. Later, Devaraj threatened to eliminate Dinesh. The latter then informed his boss Sridhar, an undertrial in the Vellore prison, and he devised the plan to kill Devaraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17566040", "title": "Bishop asks Centre to help expedite the release of nurse's body", "text": "MANGALORE: The vicar general of Mangalore diocese Msgr Denis Moras Prabhu has urged the ministry of external affairs to take all steps to expedite the release of body of Jacintha Saldanha.\"The families of the nurse at Shirva in Udupi and at Valencia in the city are undergoing untold miseries on account of the death of Jacintha in unexplained circumstances and the issue has to be ended soon,\" he said.Prabhu told reporters here that the Mangalore diocese is in constant touch with minister for external affairs Salman Khurshid and minister for petroleum and natural gas M Veerappa Moily through AICC general secretary Oscar Fernandes on this issue.\"There should be also a thorough probe into the circumstances in which Jacintha died,\"the vicar general said, adding that manner of the probe is best left to local authorities there and it is for them to clear the air.Ivan D'Souza, Karnataka Pradesh Congress Committee secretary said it is strange that the London police are not allowing Ben Barboza, Jacintha's husband and his children Julan and Lisha, to see her body.\"This is only aggravating the family's agony,\" Ivan said, adding the authorities back home in London and the Indian agencies concerned must take immediate steps to ensure that the formalities there are completed at the earliest and her body is sent back to India for the final rites.Ivan claimed that police authorities are not allowing Ben to be in free touch with his family back home at Shirva and the only contact that he has had with them was on Saturday when he broke the news of Jacintha's death.The ministry must direct the Indian Embassy in London to extend all necessary help to Ben and his family in their hour of need, he said, adding that it must be impressed on authorities there to bring a swift closure to the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17564792", "title": "One injured as scaffolding falls at monorail site", "text": "MUMBAI: A person was injured and a car badly damaged when a scaffolding came crashing down at a monorail construction site on Mukund-Ambedkar Road at Sardar Nagar in Sion-Koliwada on Monday evening.The incident occurred around 7.30pm. The car was parked close to the barricaded area. The injured victim was immediatelytaken to Sion Hospital where he is reported to be out of danger. This is the ninth such incident since February this year.Meanwhile, the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) said the incident occurred when thieves tried to run away with iron roads and ladders being used at the construction site. However, local corporator Lalita Yadav's husband Kacharu, who witnessed the mishap, termed MMRDA's version as misleading. \"The site where the scaffolding fell down is located right opposite my house. I am the eyewitness. The construction activities are underway at the site.No one was trying to steal any part of the scaffolding when it fell. In fact, a pedestrian walking by was injured due to broken glass from the damaged car's windowpaneswhen the scaffolding fell on it,\" he said.MMRDA joint project director Dilip Kawathkar said the person injured in the mishap was trying to run away with iron rods and ladders erected around a pillar for construction. and was later taken to the hospital by the people around.The identity of the injured man is not yet known. The owner of the damaged car is likely to lodge a police complaint soon, said Yadav, adding that residents of his ward will meet authorities on Tuesday and urge them to take safety measures in areas where construction is underway. The work on the project is being carried out by L&amp;T-Scomi; consortium on behalf of the MMRDA. which has delayed by couple of years and the cost has escalated to over Rs 2800 crore.It may be recalled that this is yet another mishap at construction site after a series of major mishaps this year due to lack of safety measures. A 60-ft staircase and concourse slab fell while being mounted on Metro pillars on September 4, killing one labourer and injuring 16 people. Similarly, thirteen concrete segments of the under-construction Eastern Freeway elevated road at Wadala fell on July 19, killing a labourer and injuring seven people. On April 25, a crane had toppled at metro rail construction site near Sarvoday Hospital hurting no one. Later, a crane engaged on monorail construction work crushed a person at Wadala a few days after a skeleton of iron erected for pillar construction toppled in the same area injuring no one. Also a college-going youth from Kharghar was injured when a concrete block from eastern freeway flyover site near Shatabdi hospital in Govandi fell on him. In February a concrete portion between the segments of Lalbaug flyover had slipped fortunately injuring no one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17565707", "title": "People jostle to watch Midnight's Children", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Filmmaker Deepa Mehta's much-anticipated film adaptation of Salman Rushdie's novel, 'Midnight's Children', had a gala screening event at the 17th international film festival of Kerala (IFFK) on Monday. The film's world premiere was at Toronto International Film Festival in September.IFFK organisers rolled out the red carpet for the director and her crew before the screening. Mehta was with actors Rahul Bose and Rajat Kapoor. A visibly jubilant, she said she was excited to have her film screened at a film festival that loves movies. \"We're thrilled that Midnight's Children is being screened at IFFK, a festival known for its love for cinema and lack of political bias,\" she said.Rahul Bose, who plays General Zulfikar in the film, read out a few lines from the novel that runs into 600 pages. \"As an Indian, I am happy that the incredible book has become a film. As somebody who loves different characters, I'm happy to be a part of this film,\" he said.Rajat Kapoor, who plays Adam Azeez, said \"I met Salman and Deepa almost eight months prior to filming. I told her that I would be a part of the film no matter what the role is. It finally came out to be a nice part and it was great fun.\"The 148-minute film, which follows Rushdie's screenplay, got mixed response from the audience. \"It isn't an exceptional film. It was a good watch,\" said a viewer. However the hall was packed with viewers squatting along the aisle to catch the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "17566334", "title": "One shot at in Gossaigaon", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Unidentified miscreants shot at one Birendra Bhakat (35), a businessman of Kachugaon under Gossaigaon sub-division in Kokrajhar district, on Monday, injuring him critically.Bhakat, who received bullet injuries in his abdomen, was immediately admitted to Kachugaon Hospital for treatment.Sources said two unknown motorcycle-borne youths came to his house at Nepali Basti at around noon and shot at Bhakat. The miscreants fled the scene after committing the crime.Superintendent of police (SP), Kokrajhar, Sunil Kumar, suspects the hand of Bodo militants in the attack. He also suspects that the militants could have demanded money from Bhakat.Kachugaon is a hotbed of various militant groups. These militant groups have reportedly been demanding money, especially from the businessmen and other service holders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17564074", "title": "'Why are illegal plastic units still getting power supply?'", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court on Monday pulled up the AP Central Power Distribution Company (CPDCL) for not disconnecting electricity supply to illegal plastic units operating in Shastripuram colony despite receiving a communique from the GHMC clearly stating that the units were illegal.A high court bench of Chief Justice P C Ghose and Justice Sanjay Kumar were hearing a public interest petition filed by residents of the colony. It was learnt during the hearing that GHMC admitted that the units were illegal as they were operating without trade licenses.Residents of Shastripuram colony moved the high court on December 5 with the prayer to issue an order to the GHMC, APPCB, Labor department and the CPDCL to shift the plastic units out of the area. In their plea, the residents also attributed negligence on the part of government departments named as respondents for not acting on petitions filed with them since the year 2003.TOI had first reported the plight of the residents on May 11 this year. Since then, the GHMC had carried out demolitions of around 90 buildings where the units were operating. But that did not deter the plastic units and the Shivarampally police continued to register cases against the unit owners.Chief Justice P Chandra Ghose and Justice Sanjay Kumar heard the petition on Monday. The court drew reference to a letter that was written by the deputy commissioner of Rajendra Nagar circle to the CPDCL assistant divisional engineer, Shivarampally, the counsel for CPDCL was pulled up for not disconnecting connections as requested in the letter. The court also directed that all earlier petitions be clubbed.The counsel for the petitioners Pushpinder Kaur informed TOI that the court had asked them to furnish addresses and contacts of plastic unit owners as they had moved the court seeking eviction of the units.The residents of the colony have now taken it up on themselves to gather the addresses and present it before the court in a week's time when the next hearing on the case is expected to be held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "gurdaspur", "code": "17565604", "title": "British women kabaddi team storms into semis", "text": "GURDASPUR: Finally performing to its potential the English women's Kabaddi team stormed into the semifinal of the 3rd Kabaddi World Cup, defeating Turkmenistan by a margin of 63-16 in Gurdaspur on Monday.The English women's team made it a one-sided affair and outclassed Turkmenistan in every section and got a resounding win. England's raiders Louis Redymand scored 7 points while, Jessica Elliot and Kelsey got 6 points each. Stoppers Chenel Meson, Jordan Bernad bagged 10 and 7 points respectively.Meanwhile, in the men's section two matches were played. The first match was won by Italy who outsmarted Sierra Leone by an impressive margin of 56-35.Sierra Leone won the accolades though putting up a splendid show and gave a close fight to Italy. At the end of the first half Italy were leading by 30-18. Italian raiders Baljinder Singh scored 9 points. Other raiders Vivek Kumar, Manjinder Singh and Dharminder Singh earned 8 points each for the team. Stoppers Harish Bawa and Baljit Singh scored 4 points each while, Major Singh and Tejwant Singh managed 3 points apiece.In the last match of the day, USA emerged victorious crushing Kenya by a massive margin of 75-16. At the half time, USA was leading by 43-5. American raiders Jaskaran Singh and Jora Singh scored 9 points each where as its stopper Chevaga and Zairo got 10 and 7 points respectively.Kenyan raider Kaman Maini scored 5 points while, stopper Samuel earned a solitary point for the team.Meanwhile, Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal, who witnessed the matches, announced that Punjab would soon have a ultra modern multipurpose stadium. He further added that on the lines of the Kabaddi World Cup, the state would soon host a three nation 'Indigenous Wrestling' tournament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17564439", "title": "Corporation submits design proposal, wants to make market area pedestrian friendly", "text": "NEW DELHI: After dragging its feet on the Karol Bagh market decongestion plan for two years, the corporation has submitted a detailed design proposal to the Delhi government. The Rs 9 crore-project proposes to leave Ajmal Khan Road only for pedestrians and permit only one-way traffic movement in the market.\"We have sent the proposal to the Delhi government as it requires major changes in arterial roads. The central verge will be removed and a single carriageway will be constructed with parking space on both sides. The project will not only ease traffic congestion but also solve the parking problem,\" said Yogender Chandolia, chairman, standing committee, North Delhi corporation.Ground SituationAt least 40,000 vehicles enter the area every day, say traffic police. While the available parkings can accommodate about 1,500 vehicles, the market needs to handle between 4,000 and 5,000 vehicles at any given point during peak hours. \"Second-hand car dealers, auto repair shops, transporters and car accessory shops add to the huge number of vehicles parked in the market area every day by shopkeepers, shoppers and residents,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.This mismatch has resulted in a large number of illegally parked vehicles on the main carriageway of various roads, and regular traffic snarls on Ajmal Khan Road and all connecting roads. Encroachment of pavements by tehbazaris has left little space for pedestrians.Sources say the traders have paid close to Rs 80 crore as parking and conversion charges.\"Illegal parking is rampant in the market, but the corporation has not taken any action. It took them two years to start the trial of the circulation plan,\" said Murli Mani, president of Karol Bagh Market Association.Delay in implementationAfter debating over plans to solve the mess since 2010, traffic police and North Corporation conducted a trial early this year. Five roads were made one way while Ajmal Khan Road was converted into a pedestrian-only zone for March-April. After the successful trial, traffic police had asked the corporation to provide enough parking space near Karol Bagh where visitors can park the car before entering Ajmal Khan Road on foot.\"We had asked for road engineering changes so that the scheme can be implemented without constant supervision of traffic by marshals,\" said Garg. But in a UTTIPEC governing body meeting in September, it was found that the corporation was yet to take up three off-site parkings and had not demarcated any parking on the road. The consultants for detailed engineering drawings for street design and development of Ajmal Khan Road and all approach roads were also not approved. The chief engineer claimed the detailed proposal would be submitted within three months and implemented within a year.\"This project was taken up as a special project of pedestrianization of the area as per the LG's decision to make Delhi pedestrian friendly. It is for the implementing agency to take the lead in executing such an important project,\" said UTTIPEC director Ashok Bhattacharjee.Way forwardThe corporation, however, has no funds for it. \"We will ask the Centre to fund the project,\" said Chandolia. In the meantime, traffic police will consider identifying some stretches for implementing a Rs 600 fine for illegal parking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17563443", "title": "Christmas season brings early joy for Ranchi shopkeepers", "text": "RANCHI: With less than 15 days remaining for Christmas, shoppers are browsing through stores for best buys and shopkeepers are also luring the buyers with latest stylish decorations. Bells, stars, Santa Claus models, snowmen and Christmas trees are available at almost all gift stores and on roadside pushcarts. Many shops have are even displaying bright Christmas items on the road outside their store.Deepak Verma, a shopkeeper said: \"This season, big colourful bells are in demand. These bells are available from Rs.200 to Rs. 2000 depending on the size and material used to make them.\" Various types of Christmas trees are also available in the market ranging from Rs 35 to Rs15,000 depending on size.\"Trees with snow flakes are available for Rs.11,000. The fully decorated ones cost between Rs 8,000 and Rs 15,000 depending on their size. The simple are priced between Rs 35 and Rs 5,000,\" said Verma. Christmas tree decorations - including bells, stars, miniature Santa Claus models, balls and gift boxes - range from Rs.10 to Rs.50 per piece. Markets are also adorned with Santa Claus attire and masks.Another shop owner, Neeraj Kumar, said: \"This year, Santa costume is in high demand. They cost Rs 300 to Rs.600 depending on the size.\"Apart from decorative items, candles of various shapes, sizes and designs are also available at the markets. Kumar said: \"The candles range from Rs.30 to Rs.600. Floating candles and star shaped candles are very much in demand this year. We have also brought colourful dinner candles and church candles from Kolkata.\"Cribs made of bamboo and hay are also being sold on streets ranging from Rs 200 to Rs1,200 .Various types of cards are also seen in the market. Kumar Vishal, a shopkeeper said, \"This year, the pop-out crib card, which when opened takes the shape of a crib, are sought after among customers. These cards range from Rs.110 to Rs.400.\" He added, \"We also have musical cards which play various Christmas carols when opened and some cards are designed as Santa Claus, stars and Christmas tree.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17566280", "title": "Schools may shift winter vacation to January", "text": "JAIPUR: Jaipurites who have planned a leisure trip during winter vacations most likely will have to change their plans. Several schools have shifted their winter vacations to January owing to previous years' trend of dense fog and intense chill around the first week of New Year.Seema Bhatnagar, principal of Delhi Public School has decided to run the school till December 28. \"The winter vacation will commence from December 29 and will last till the first week of January,\" said Bhatnagar.These schools are taking this step following the trend for the past three years. In fact, during this period state records the minimum temperature making it inhospitable for younger kids to attend classes.Vinita Mathur, spokesperson, Sawai Man Singh School, said abrupt closure disrupts our academic calendar. January is very crucial as students have to gear up for the final exams. \"December end would have been a better choice for us,\" said Mathur. tnnThe number of swine flu, cold and cough cases also go up during winter which is another matter of concern for parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17565807", "title": "Postmortem on Cenito's body today at GMC", "text": "MARGAO: Following intervention of Salcete sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) Dasharath Redkar, a three doctor panel will conduct a postmortem on the body of late Cenito Vaz on Tuesday at 2pm at Goa medical college and hospital at Bambolim.\"The family has been insisting on the second postmortem following which a three doctor panel comprising Avinash Pujari, Siddharth Banaulikar and M Godikar will conduct the same on Tuesday,\" said Redkar.Redkar added that the inquest panchanama has taken place at Hospicio hospital, Margao, and that a letter had been sent to the dean of GMC requesting for the second postmortem.Cenito, who hails from Aquem-Baixio in Navelim, had joined the ship M V Sakura on November 11 as a saloon trainee, while the company informed his family members on November 19 that he was found hanging in the provision space with a cloth around his neck on November 18. Ship staff members had to cut the cloth piece to free and lower him down.\"From the photographs of Cenito's body you can see marks on his body and we suspect foul play and we do not believe it to be a case of suicide at all,\" said Cenito's brother-in-law Leslie Coutinho.The family pointed out that the boy had just joined the ship and the incident took place a week after joining adding that Cenito was in a good state of mind and was looking forward to his first stint on the ship. The family are also upset that the ship company has not yet submitted to them the first postmortem report and have told them it was conducted in Panama and that they would have to wait for more than a month to collect the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17563775", "title": "Puri city bus service hits parking hurdle", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has asked Puri district administration to identify parking places for city buses in the temple town in view of frequent tussle between the city bus operator and some private bus and auto associations.\"We have started the process of identifying parking places on Grand Road, near railway station and beach. The parking lots would be handed over to the city bus operator soon,\" said senior police officer Gyanranjan Mohapatra.Lack of parking lots has become a cause for concern for the operator - Dream Team Sahara (DTS). There were incidents of attack on city bus staff over parking of their vehicles close to auto and private bus stands. \"We recently brought the matter to the notice of the housing and urban development department. We feel threat from miscreants,\" DTS chairman Nishikant Mishra said.The city bus service was stalled in Puri following tiff between the operator and some private bus associations. At present, nine buses are plying in the town while five others shuttle between Puri and Bhubaneswar every day. \"The public transport system created resentment among rival transporters, who wanted to destabilize the service,\" a city bus driver said.Bus and auto associations, however, rubbished the claim. \"We have no problem with the city bus service. But the city bus operator should maintain discipline and has no right to park vehicles anywhere on its will,\" said a functionary of private bus association.The Puri district administration has not yet provided basic facilities like bus bays, terminals, water supply, toilets and shades for smooth run of of the city bus service. The service, which was launched in Bhubaneswar on October 10, 2010 under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission, was extended to Puri on June 22, 2011. Though the Puri civic body had identified a vacant land near Narendrakona to use it as terminal-cum-depot, the land has since entangled in litigations over ownership title.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17564059", "title": "Railway earnings register 19% rise", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The total approximate earnings of Indian Railways on originating basis between April and November 2012 were Rs 78,868.17 crore compared to Rs 66,150.48 crore during the same period last year, registering an increase of 19.23%.The total goods earnings went up from Rs 43,891.25 crore during April-November 2011 to Rs 54,487.10 crore during April-November 2012, registering an increase of 24.14%.The total passenger revenue earnings during April-November 2012 were Rs 20,423.31 crore compared to Rs 18,742.83 crore during the same period last year, registering an increase of 8.97%.The revenue earnings from other coaching amounted to Rs 2,061.30 crore during April-November 2012 compared to Rs 1,860.49 crore during the same period last year, registering an increase of 10.79%.The total approximate numbers of passengers booked during April-November 2012 were 5700.57 million compared to 5517.86 million during the same period last year, showing an increase of 3.3%. In the suburban and non-suburban sectors, the numbers of passengers booked during April-November 2012 were 2964.50 million and 2736.07 million compared to 2886.10 million and 2353.95 million during the same period last year, showing an increase of 2.72% and 3.96% respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
{"city": "rome", "code": "17567959", "title": "How Google saved $2 billion in income tax", "text": "ROME: Google avoided about $2 billion in worldwide income taxes in 2011 by shifting $9.8 billion in revenues into a Bermuda shell company, almost double the total from three years before, filings show.By legally funneling profits from overseas subsidiaries into Bermuda, which doesn't have a corporate income tax, Google cut its overall tax rate almost to half. The amount moved to Bermuda is equivalent to about 80% of Google's total pretax profit in 2011.The increase in Google's revenues routed to Bermuda, disclosed in a November 21 filing by a subsidiary in the Netherlands, could fuel the outrage spreading across Europe and in the US over corporate tax dodging. Governments in France, the UK, Italy and Australia are probing Google's tax avoidance as they seek to boost revenue during economic doldrums.Last week, the European Union's executive body, the European Commission , advised member states to create blacklists of tax havens and adopt anti-abuse rules. Tax evasion and avoidance, which cost the EU e1 trillion ($1.3 trillion) a year, are \"scandalous\" and \"an attack on the fundamental principle of fairness,\" Algirdas Semeta, the EC's commissioner for taxation, said at a press conference in Brussels .\"The tax strategy of Google and other multinationals is a deep embarrassment to governments around Europe,\" said Richard Murphy , an accountant and director of Tax Research LLP in Norfolk, England. \"The political awareness now being created in the UK, and to a lesser degree elsewhere in Europe, is: It's us or them. People understand that if Google doesn't pay, somebody else has to pay or services get cut.\"Google said it complies with all tax rules, and its investment in various European countries helps their economies. In the UK, \"we also employ over 2,000 people, help hundreds of thousands of businesses to grow online, and invest millions supporting new tech businesses in East London ,\" the Mountain View, California-based company said in a statement.The Internet search giant has avoided billions of dollars in income taxes around the world using a pair of tax shelter strategies known as the Double Irish and Dutch Sandwich. The tactics, permitted under tax law in the US and elsewhere, move royalty payments from subsidiaries in Ireland and the Netherlands to a Bermuda unit headquartered in a local law firm.Last year, Google reported a tax rate of just 3.2% on the profit it said was earned overseas, even as most of its foreign sales were in European countries with corporate income tax rates ranging from 26% to 34%.At a hearing last month in the UK, members of Parliament pressed executives from Google, Seattle-based Amazon.com and Starbucks to explain why they don't pay more taxes there.The UK, Google's second-biggest market, was responsible for about 11% of its sales, or almost $4.1 billion last year, according to company filings. Google paid 6 million pounds ($9.6 million) in UK income taxes. Matt Brittin, Google's vice president for Northern and Central Europe, testified that the company pays taxes where it creates \"economic value,\" primarily the US.Still, Google attributes some profit based on technology created in the US to offshore subsidiaries, lowering its US taxes, according to company filings and people familiar with its tax planning. Google paid $1.5 billion in income taxes worldwide in 2011.In the wake of the parliamentary hearing, the House of Commons issued a report last week declaring that multinationals \"do not pay their fair share\" of tax. The committee also criticised the UK's tax collection agency, Her Majesty's Revenue &amp; Customs, for \"not taking sufficiently aggressive action\" and called on the agency to \"get a grip\" on corporate tax avoidance.The French tax authority this year proposed increasing Google's income taxes by about $1.3 billion. The agency searched Google's Paris offices in June 2011 and removed computer files as part of an examination first reported by Bloomberg last year.In Italy, the Tax Police began an audit of Google last month and recently searched the company's Milan offices, as well as the offices of Facebook, according to a person familiar with the matter. \"It's very common for companies to be audited, and we have been working closely with the Italian authorities for some time,\" Google said. \"So far we have not had any demands for additional tax in Italy.\"The US Treasury Department has repeatedly proposed since 2009, with little success, to make it harder for multinationals to bypass taxes by shifting profit into tax havens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-11"}
