{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17736534", "title": "Anti-trafficking campaign by USIS", "text": "KOLKATA: Very rarely you get to see a galaxy of people from different walks of life coming together for a common cause. Celebrities, musicians, dancers and NGOs are participating in a four-day programme, organized by the American Center, to create awareness on trafficking. Victims of trafficking in person (TIP) are also participating at the event, kicked off on Friday.The event, TIP Conclave 2, opened with a panel discussion moderated by the director of American Center Jeffrey Reneau. Programmes like workshops, panel discussions, dance and musical performances are a part of the conclave. A series of documentary films will also be screened at the American Center as a part of the event.With an aim to end all forms of human trafficking, the US consulate in Kolkata is engaged in various activities not only in the city, but also in the Northeast and eastern India. Survivors of trafficking, academicians, school and college students are also taking part in the conclave this year. tnnKolkata is not only a prime destination for trafficked women, the city also serves as a transit route for victims who are being trafficked from places in North Bengal and Northeast. Hundreds of girls from some pockets of West Bengal, particularly the twin districts of South and North-24 Parganas, are trafficked regularly to cities like Mumbai and Delhi. There is a rise in number of missing There is a rise in number of missing tribal women and young girls from the closed tea estates of Dooars and Terrai in last couple of years have convened for the cause of TIP victims. Dance, music, play and workshop are being organised to create awareness on trafficking in human and mobilize youths.A group of people from different walks of life has joint hand together in the city.Realising the significance to create awareness on the issue, the American Centre centre has orgnaised a four days long TIP Conclave 2. It was kicked off on Friday when a panel discussion was moderated by American Centre director Jeffrey Reneau.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17736065", "title": "Women feel alone in Dadar station's crowd", "text": "MUMBAI: Dadar is among the oldest railway stations in the city. It is a transit point for commuters switching between Western and Central Railway. Around 25 lakh people use the station during peak hours. But there are only three narrow foot overbridges and a municipal bridge that connect the western part of the station to the east. For women, the bridges are unsafe: one has to always guard against the repelling hands of gropers and intentions that are worse. Ironically, fear of sexual assault usually arises in empty streets, not at a place that is perpetually crowded.Women commuters for whom Dadar is a destination or transit say the place is a daily battleground for dignity and survival. \"As a rule, I always hold my bag in front and push my elbows out so that I can keep away the potential molester,\" said Preetha Nair, who works at Marine Lines and lives in Dombivli.Despite a high court order to keep the bridges free of hawkers, one can always see vendors lining them, reducing walking space. The problem is worst at a particular bridge. \"Platform number 4 of the WR section is narrow and the old bridge towards the north end is narrower still,\" said Ritika Shah, a student. \"Chances of getting molested as one climbs the stairs are minimal because the crowd is overwhelming. But when one comes to the floor of the bridge, the possibility grows exponentially.\"Priyanka Jain, who changes trains at Dadar and Kurla, said her college backpack is her shield, which she always holds in front. \"In the mornings, there is no problem at Dadar station. But late afternoon, the crowds make you scared.\"Calling for crowd management at the station, Nandita Gandhi, co-director of the women's resource centre Akshara, said both highly crowded and deserted areas are places where women are most vulnerable to harassment. \"What is required is a balanced crowd so that women feel safe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17740951", "title": "Delhi's Lt governor cuts short US visit, holds meetings", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi's Lt governor Tejender Khanna has cut short his US visit following a communication from the government and will hold a meeting with top police brass on Monday to take \"tough decisions\" including possible suspension of certain officials responsible for security.Khanna, who returned to the city on Sunday night, has already given instructions to police commissioner Neeraj Kumar in the wake of violent protests on Sunday at India Gate and Rajpath over the rape of a 23-year-old.Sources said Khanna, who was on a personal visit to the US cut short his stay following a communication from the Union home ministry in view of the volatile situation in the capital, and returned on Sunday night.He held meetings with a number of women groups on Monday morning and assured them all necessary steps to instill confidence among women, which had been shaken following last Sunday's brutal rape in a moving bus here, will be taken.Khanna has also invited for talks a number of student leaders who are involved in the ongoing protests.\"A number of decisions will be taken in the meeting Khanna has called with top police brass in the afternoon,\" sources said.They said the Lt governor was giving necessary instructions while in the US to the Delhi police commissioner.The Delhi Police functions under the Union home ministry and the police commissioner reports to the Lt governor as he is the administrative head of the police force.Asked if he has come back after being directed by the home ministry, an official in his secretariat said he has come back on his own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17737360", "title": "Varsities launch programme to bring Siddi tribals to mainstream", "text": "Hubli: Two prominent universities of north Karnataka - the Karnataka University Dharwad (KUD) and the University of Agricultural Sciences (UAS) are extending special training to Siddis, a tribe of African origin living in the forest areas of Yellapur and Haliyal taluk of Uttar Kannada. Universities which remained confined to academic research and activities are now expanding their activities by shifting their focus on tribal people, who have been isolated from the mainstream of the society. It's the first of its kind initiative by both the universities, which have taken interest in bringing changes in the lives of Siddi tribe. The department of political science, KUD, are visiting places of Yellapur and Haliyal where Siddi people live in large numbers to enlighten them about their voting rights and their role in democracy. About 50 students of department of political science, who spent a few days with Siddis to educate them, have also prepared a survey report to recommend the government to improve education status of the Siddi community. \"We found that school dropouts are more in Siddi community. We submitted the recommendations to the university to make arrangements to provide free books, scholarship and accommodation facilities to Siddi community students who are pursuing higher education in the state,\" GB Nandana, chairman of political science department, KUD, told TOI. Going a step ahead, the University of Agricultural Sciences, has embarked on training women of the Siddi community into self employment. About 50 women from Sirsi, Haliyal, Mundagod have been trained in making of non-timber products with available sources. Jyoti Vastrad, Scientist, who heads a training team, said, \"We are training Siddi community women in making food masala products, pickles, pain balm with herbals and we are planning to hold other vocational training in February.\" Mangala Siddi and Lakshmi Siddi of Kotemane of Yellapur taluk told TOI: \"Now we are aware of the importance of education and we will send our children to school. We are confident that we can improve our status by making use of the training .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17735829", "title": "Mumbai colleges prepare their students for any situation", "text": "MUMBAI: Principals and students across the city are worried a day after a third year BMS student of Chetana College was stabbed by her classmate. Repeated cases of school and college students being targeted by strangers or even peers have left many concerned about the vulnerability of students.\"We are always worried about students' safety, even outisde the college. Students must be prepared to face any situation. This year, we started a martial arts program for girls and received a phenomenal response,\" said Marie Fernandes, principal, St Andrew's College, Bandra. The college also conducts regular sessions on stress and anger management for students and counsels them.Students of Sophia College at Grant Road recently came together for an open discussion forum on 'Violence Against Women' to protest against the Delhi gang-rape incident. The attack on the Chetana College student has forced students to look at safety more keenly. \"We will get in touch with police officials to collaborate towards sustainable steps for justice and safety to all citizens, especially students,\" said Shruti Parmar, the student body's president for Sophia College.\"There is immense anger in many people these days. Many youngsters do not have any friends to share their problems, leading to suppressed anger. People who bottle up too much pressure are prone to this,\" said Dr Seema Hingorrany, a clinical psychologist. She also pointed to the need for better counseling and emotional education for students.\"The level of preparedness to handle emotional issues is really low and needs to be bettered soon,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17737087", "title": "6 policemen injured as vehicle rams roadside tree", "text": "CHENNAI: Six policemen, including a sub-inspector sustained minor injuries when the patrol car in which they were traveling rammed into a neem tree on Kasturba Nagar in Adyar in the wee hours of Sunday.Police said Anand Kumar, a sub-inspector attached to Adyar police station who was driving the car, lost control of the vehicle as another vehicle coming from the opposite direction had glaring headlights.Anand Kumar with five other Armed Reserve policemen- Manoj, John, Hari Kumar, Ezhil and Krishanan were on a night patrol when the accident took place.When the vehicle reached Kasturba Nagar, Anand Kumar tried to swerve his vehicle to avoid hitting a two-wheeler which was coming with headlights when the vehicle rammed into a neem tree on the roadside.\"A two-wheeler's glaring lights hindered the sub-inspector's vision, which led to the accident. They were not speeding as it was a routine patrol,\" said an investigating officer.A few passersby came to their rescue and took them to a private hospital where they were treated for their minor injuries. Adyar traffic investigation police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17738286", "title": "Common emotions, diverse cultures", "text": "BANGALORE: Relationships are potent with similarities and contradictions. Bringing these emotional intensities and complexities thereof to Biffes is a fresh breed of Gen Now independent filmmakers from the world over.Across continents, into the Chilean mainland, unfurls the unusual story about the relationship which develops between a kidnapped woman and her abductor .\"It's called 'Ivan's House' , and its director Francisca Silva just won the best director at the recently concluded Kerala Film festival,\" beams filmmaker Manjeet Singh . '' It's the best independent film I've seen so far. It's a very original thought, funded independently , beautifully edited and simple - I really like the story. In fact, I've been telling Francisca that she's really underestimated her work and should apply to big festivals around the world,\" he says.If 'Ivan's House' ran to a packed house, so did Manjeet's 'Mumbai cha Raja' . \"I was surprised to see so many people turn up for the show on a Sunday morning and indulge in an animated interaction thereafter,\" says Manjeet.Francisca, too, was drawn towards the storyline of 'Mumbai cha Raja' . \"Manjeet's film takes us to a child's universe in a very focussed manner, beyond the superficial. It's very sensory and that aspect of storytelling grabs me,\" she says.While connoisseurs and film enthusiasts lined up to catch Francisca and Manjeet's films, as they did various other independent directorial debuts, Day 3 of Biffes saw a healthy culmination of cultures.\"It's been a heartening experience because I felt I could not communicate across borders, until I came here and saw Indians appreciate the film. Because, for me, storytelling is all about exploring the contradictions that underlie emotions - when there's something beautiful, there's also an ugly side to it. And I want to see beauty in darkness ,\" says Francisca. Along with exploring contradictions, comes the deep desire to tell the truth as is, adds Manjeet. \"A gentleman in the audience felt filmmakers tend to project only the poor side of India. But the truth is, 95% of Indians are poor. I have shown the reality,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17738347", "title": "NCERT introduces art-based pedagogy in 20 Delhi schools", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT) in its pilot project 'Art Integrated Learning' (AIL) to be implemented in all government schools across states at the primary level from April 2013, has introduced art-based pedagogy in 20 MCD schools in the Capital.The project, under the department of education in arts and aesthetics, NCERT, was started in order to implement the Right to Education (RTE) Act (2009) and the recommendations of National Curriculum Framework (NCF) (2005) to introduce value-based learning through mediums like art and do away with the system of rote-learning at primary level (classes I-V ).It also involved training of teachers to learn the concept and practice it in class with the existing resources. The art integrated learning process in MCD-run primary schools began in May 2011, with in-service training of 40 teachers from the selected schools . The process involves learning through integrating various subjects with different modules of art such as painting, drawing, clay modeling, paper-cutting , theatre, dance, etc.MOTIVATIONAL LEARNING\"There were many challenges to be met in the field of primary-level school education, in particular for MCD schools, as these are bottomline schools with high dropout rates. Most students here come from marginalised sections. Often parents send them to school to avail benefits attached to education schemes run by the government.FACTSHEETShortage of teachersAs per the RTE Act 2009, schools need more teachers and states are working on that. NCERT in team with states is preparing its inservice teachers to increase quality of the teachinglearning in classrooms. The programme is to involve 100% children of classes I-V , including those with special needs, in the process of quality learning and development.Major changes reported by teachers and researchersAbout children Children like to come to school daily Take interest in self-learning More responsive Better learning environment for differently-abled children About teachers and schools Now, more friendly and caring towards children with special needs Skilful in interdisciplinary childcentred approach Aware that every child is special in some way or the other Developing as facilitators of joyful and meaningful learning", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17738065", "title": "'We must make our women safe and secure'", "text": "It is not a matter of rape alone, but about respect that is given to women in public places, homes or at work. That women not being recognized as equals is a matter of deep concern. What is also disturbing is the fact that it is not only in the capital city where women are accorded scant respect, but that it is widespread across the country in varying degrees.Our city Pune, once known for social reformers, freedom fighters and people with bold ideas who engaged women in performing religious rituals, has witnessed many incidents of rape and harm to women. As a vibrant city that is home to thousands of students from across the country and the world and thousands of professionals in the IT/ITES industry of whom over 40% are women, it is critical that we make our women safe and secure and enable them to lead their lives with dignity they so richly deserve.As an independent nation, even if our country cannot provide basic roti, kapda aur makan to all, it must ensure respect and security of women and we cannot deny them this basic right. It is not just the serious crime of rape or physical injury inflicted upon women that calls for action but the fundamental views of men about women that need to change.It is now time to initiate action to eradicate the menace of treating women as unequal. Pune could lead the way like it has in the past by becoming a role model for the rest of the nation. We have several women in positions of power and influence in our city including Members of Parliament, mayors, business leaders, leaders from the education sector, women entrepreneurs, artists and social activists who should come together on an urgent basis to evolve a multi-pronged strategy to address the issue.This would mean inculcation of respect for women from early childhood in schools, encourage debates in academic institutions or organisations on how to deal with unhealthy practices and have strict laws enacted for crimes against women. And we need men who would champion the cause.Schools and colleges should compulsorily train women in self-protection methods. Any girl or woman who feels unsafe at home or her neighbourhood should be able to reach out to special cells functioning 24X7 and awareness should be created about such facilities among women. Above all, it is important that as a responsible civic society, without wasting any time, we become the conscience keepers of basic morality, nurture a value system that shuns disrespect for women in all walks of life and create an environment where both residents and visitors feel the city indeed walks the talk.(As told to Dileep Athavale)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17740449", "title": "Facebook launches self-destructing messages", "text": "LONDON: Social networking site Facebook has launched a new app which erases pictures and messages within 10 seconds of being sent.It is an advanced version of one of the the social networking site's original apps, the 'poke'.The equivalent of a head nod or wink, the 'poke' in its old form is rarely used today as the site has become more advanced, the 'Daily Mail' reported.It has now been reinvented to be called 'Facebook Poke' and allows users to send fleeting messages, pokes, photos and 10-second videos to friends.The messages expire after a set period of time, from 1 to 10 seconds, and cannot be retrieved by either party again, making it perfect for sending salacious images without leaving a trail.\"With the Poke app, you can poke or send a message, photo, or video to Facebook friends to share what you're up to in a lightweight way,\" said the site in a blog post announcing the new app.When you open the app, you can choose from a set of icons at the bottom of the screen to send a poke, type a 120-character message, open the camera to snap a picture - you cannot choose an existing photo - or shoot a 10-second video.You then decide how long you want the recipient to see the message for.It is said the new facility is similar to Snapchat, an app which is popular with younger age users, and which has gained a reputation as a tool for sending risque images.Facebook is encouraging users to report inappropriate messages.\"If you ever see something you're uncomfortable with, you can click the gear menu and report it,\" the paper quoted the company as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729076", "title": "Ayushmann Khurrana\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s next release undergoes upgrade", "text": "One doesn't have to be a fortune-teller to see which way Ayushmann Khurrana's career is heading.Having lately bagged a Yashraj Film with Sonam Kapoor we now hear that the Vicky Donor actor's next release Nautanki Saala has been postponed for what a source close to the project describes as a \"serious upgrade\".Scheduled for release on 8 February the film will now open in May 2013, thereby buying for itself a 4-month window to make changes in keeping with Ayushmann's growing equity in the film industry.One hears that the plot is being re-structured,the film is being re-edited and extra songs are being added .Says a source, \"Suddenly the project is much larger than it was when it started. To begin with, Nautanki Saala was meant to be a smaller comedy about two friends played by Ayushmann and Kunal Roy Kapoor with the latter playing in the words of an insider \"a pukka pile-on\" who sponges on Ayushmann's hospitality. Now,since the shooting started Ayushmann's boxoffice potential has grown. The project is being re-designed accordingly.\"Among other things, the film's original music-content is also being re-designed. One hears there would be 8-9 songs on the film now, many of them sung in Ayushmann's own voice.Ayushmann Khurana admitted the film's release is indeed being postponed for changes.Though he refrained from specifying those changes Ayushmann did say, \"We are working towards making it a premium product. For one,we are shooting several extra music videos for each of the songs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "17736707", "title": "Maoist's family members end fast after police assurance", "text": "MOTIHARI: The family members of a hardcore Maoist, Mohd Aslam including his parents, brother, wife and two sons ended hunger strike on Saturday after getting assurance from the district police that Aslam would be released on bail on January 5, 2013 after getting relief from a Muzaffarpur court in a case involving the railways. Aslam's family members were protesting over the non-fulfillment of promises made by the police.Aslam is lodged in Motihari Central Jail for the last 20 months after being arrested by the East Champaran police following an encounter in Darmaha between the Maoists and the police, in which six hardcore Maoists of different districts were killed and 10 Maoists arrested. The police-Maoist encounter was the most successful operation in the state in which the Maoists received a jolt.Aslam was arrested in the encounter, but he claims that he became a police informer because of which so many Maoists were killed and arrested, as he wished to join the mainstream and start life afresh and avail of the state government's rehabilitation package for Maoists.Aslam, in a written statement, said he, a poor native of Daijalpur village under Maker police station of Saran district, joined CPI(Maoist) in Saran in 2009 on the advise of his friends as he was the only earning member of a family of seven. Aslam says he was unable to solve his family problems even after joining the Naxal outfit.At around this time, he met Chhapra DSP Mohd Dilnawaz and expressed his desire to join the mainstream as he felt that the Maoist organization was not good for the poor. After several meetings with the DSP, he was advised to do work for the police and he gave him prior information of Maoist activities at Darmaha village under Kesariya police station in East Champaran district. This paid off and the police were successful in their encounter.DSP Mohd Dilnawaz had promised Aslam if his information of Maoists' meeting at Darmaha would turn out true he would be rewarded Rs 15 lakh in cash, a house in another state and medicare to his ailing parents, but the promises have not been kept by the police and he is cooling his heels in jail for the last 20 months. Aslam said the DSP, presently posted at Darbhanga had met him in Motihari jail on December 7, 2012 and asked him to end his hunger fast otherwise he would \"face consequences from both police and Maoists. The police have cheated me and now my family members are facing Maoist threats.\"East Champaran SP Ganesh Kumar said the police sympathized with Aslam, but he has not got any benefits of the rehabilitation package as he has not surrendered before the police till date. Kumar said he was unaware that Aslam had left CPI(Maoist). He also denied Aslam was given Rs 4 lakh by the police after Darmaha encounter as stated by Farzana, his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17738049", "title": "Fog blankets freezing Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: The thick fog which turned denser than Saturday added to the chill in the city and threw train schedules off track on Sunday.Surinderpal, director of Meteorological Department, Chandigarh, said, \"The fog reduced the visibility to less than 100 metres in Ludhiana. The foggy conditions are likely to continue for the next couple of days.\" He added, \"The fog is being caused due to low temperature during the night hours.\" The minimum temperature remained at around 5.2 degrees celsius while the maximum hovered at 21 degrees Celsius.As the thick fog blanketed the city, the arrival and departures of many trains from Delhi got delayed.S S Salaria, deputy station superintendent, said, \"The arrival of Amritsar Shatabdhi from Delhi was delayed by about an hour and 30 minutes and the train reached here around 1pm. Among the other trains which reached Ludhiana late included Malwa (three hours), Hawrah Mail (6 hours), Modi, (7 hours), Sealdah (6 hours). The departure of Amritsar Shatabdhi from Ludhiana to Delhi got delayed by 15-20 minutes only whereas other trains from the city were running on time. The delay in train's arrival was due to thick fog along the way from Delhi to the city.\" Meanwhile, the city residents shivered in the biting cold and many of them preferred to stay indoors as Sunday was a holiday.Jasmeet Kaur, a homemaker who stays in Sarabha Nagar, said, \"It was thick fog in the morning and we found it very hard to see beyond a distance. It was also freezing. As it was a Sunday, so we preferred to confine ourselves to our house.\"Another resident Anshu Arora, a student of BRS Nagar, said, \"When I woke up this morning and saw out, it was foggy so I snuggled into my blanket. It seems the fog will continue in the city and the cold will get more intense.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17736068", "title": "No major drop in temp in next couple of days", "text": "BHOPAL: A further decline in the temperatures is not expected in the state for next two to three days. The wind direction that was northerly till Saturday has changed to easterly, the weatherman said.The officials of the meteorological department, Bhopal circle said changed wind direction would avert the temperatures from going down. The temperatures would by and large remain the same for coming few days.Meanwhile, the minimum temperature at a number of places, including Rewa, Datia, Umaria and Mandala was recorded at 4 degrees C on Sunday.The temperatures among the four main cities, Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 27.2 degrees C and 5.9 degrees C.The maximum temperature in Bhopal was recorded at 25.5 (00) degrees Celsius and the minimum at 8.5 (-2) degrees C. Indore recorded a maximum temperature of 27.2 (+1) degrees C against a minimum of 9.5 (-1) degrees C.The maximum temperature in Gwalior was recorded at 25.4 (+2) degrees Celsius whereas the minimum stood at 5.9 (-1) degrees Celsius. The maximum and minimum temperatures in Jabalpur were respectively recorded at 24.3 (-2) 7.2 (-2) degrees C.Weatherman said similar dry conditions are expected to prevail in the state on Monday too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17737262", "title": "MGKV students take out procession", "text": "VARANASI: Massive protests against Delhi gangrape case continued in city on Sunday. A group of students of Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapith carried out a procession from varsity campus. After passing through various localities the procession culminated at Bharat Mata Mandir campus where the participants lauded slogans against government and also held a meeting. They demanded strict laws to put a complete check on the crime committed against women and capital punishment for the accused persons in the Delhi gangrape case.Besides, a group of students and activists associated with All India Students Association (AISA) and All India Progressive Women's Association (AIPWA) also staged a sit-in at Banaras Hindu University gate. The protestors demanded exemplary action against the accused persons in Delhi gangrape case to avoid its repetition in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17739967", "title": "Rozlyn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s skin show on Sachin's retirement", "text": "Cricket fever seems to have really taken the glam girls to another level of publicity. After Poonam Pandey , Rozyln Khan leaves no stone unturned to grab eyeballs.Retirement of Master Blaster Sachin Tendulkar from ODI has left entire nation in state of shock and Bare all cricket model Rozyln is also quite upset with the decision. She has planned to give a 'Butt' treat to the legend.She is now seen with the cricket bat and white hot pants flaunting her butt and says, \"Miss you Sachin for leaving me high and dry. I think he is one of the finest players I have adored and is in love with.\"It's not for the first time the model has shown her butt but also before this during the IPL, she was spotted in white bra and skimpy skirt revealing her tattooed butt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741507", "title": "Tasneem Sheikh ready to comeback to TV", "text": "Known for her role as Mohini in \"Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi\", actress Tasneem Sheikh is itching to get back on television and is waiting for something interesting to come her way. The actress took a four-year hiatus when her daughter was born.\"I will be back soon. I have got many offers but couldn't take it up as they didn't suit me. I am looking for something interesting enough for me to leave my daughter and come on the set,\" she told IANS.She was last seen in \"Kis Desh Mein Hai Meraa Dil\" as Daljeet Maan.Tasneem was offered a role in the recent show \"Anamika\" too, but didn't take it, as it involved a lot of night shoots.\"I was in love with the character but couldn't take it up as it involved a lot of night shoots, which I knew I wouldn't be able to manage with my daughter. Then it is not fair to take something up which you can't fulfill,\" she said.The actress said there is no joy in the world like motherhood but at the same time it is a huge responsibility too.\"Earlier when I was working, I used to be busy, but still had a personal life. But motherhood is a full time job. I like to spend all my time with my daughter,\" she said.During her sabbatical, Tasneem took up oil painting and has even held an exhibition recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17738284", "title": "Pascal wants to meet his kids", "text": "BANGALORE: For mer French consulate official Pascal Mazurier, who has been accused of raping his fouryear-old daughter, has requested police that he be allowed to meet his three children during Christmas.Pascal and his mother, Jackie, who has come down from France, approached additional commissioner of police (law and order ) T Suneel Kumar with the request. Sources said the department has offered to help him.Mazurier, former deputy head of chancery in the French consulate here, was arrested on June 19 after his wife, Suja Jones, alleged that he had raped their daughter . On October 17, the high court granted him conditional bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17737301", "title": "Student molested in car for one hour in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: A 24-year-old woman who was waiting outside a private college in Kukas on Jaipur-Delhi highway for a cab was allegedly abducted and molested by at least six men on Sunday. After molesting her, the assailants dropped her near Bais Godam circle asking her to keep quiet or else face dire consequences. The girl is in a state of shock and did not lodge a case till late night.According to the victim's friends, she had gone to a private engineering college in Kukas village to appear in a competitive exam. After the exam, the girl was waiting outside the college for a cab to reach Jaipur.\"We were in constant touch with her and told her that we had sent a cab for her. While she was waiting, at least six men came in a car and forcibly pushed her into it. The college guard also tried to follow the vehicle but could not,\" a close friend of the girl told TOI. The men molested the girl for almost an hour even as the car moved fearlessly throughout the city. Meanwhile, the girl's friends kept calling her but feared the worst as the mobile was continuously disconnected.\"Before dropping her at Bais Godam they jotted down her address from her driving licence and threatened her to keep quiet or else get ready to face dire consequences. We are in constant touch with her to find out what exactly happened but she has been crying constantly and is in no position to narrate the incident. The moment she decides to lodge a case of molestation, we will take her to the police station,\" said a friend of the victim who had arranged for the cab.The girl's family is also shocked as the assailants had warned her not to disclose this incident or else they would repeat Sunday's incident. The girl could not jot down car's registration number. However, the family members are likely to visit the college to ask the guard and others if they noted the vehicle's registration number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17736143", "title": "State Cong to stage protest against rapes", "text": "BHOPAL: Surprised over widespread protests across the nation against the gang-rape of a 23-year-old girl on a moving bus in New Delhi, the Congress in the state trained its guns on chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan. State Congress president Kantilal Bhuria on Sunday evening demanded the resignation of chief minister of Madhya Pradesh Shivraj Singh Chouhan because \"an average nine rapes are reported in the state every day\".The Congress on Monday will take out torch rallies across the state against the rise in number of rape cases. On December 26 and 27, the party will hold protest rallies against the BJP-ruled government on the same issue.\"We are pained and concerned about what happened in New Delhi on December 16. But it is Madhya Pradesh that tops the rape statistics in the nation. Why everyone is keeping quiet about the state which has the maximum number of rape cases? Between 2004 and 2012, all of 27,104 rape cases were reported in the state,\" Bhuria said. \"The victims are mostly from the backward and underprivileged communities. There will be no more tolerance and the Congress will make it a people's movement in the state where we will question and attack the government on the issue of rapes and crimes against women.\"Reacting to Congress allegations and protest programme, State BJP chief Narendra Singh Tomar said the Congress should shed crocodile tears at 10 Janpath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17737645", "title": "New rates till Jan first week: Commission agents", "text": "PUNE: The commission agents at the city based wholesale market committee have agreed to charge 6% commission till the first week of January, while the issue is being discussed at the state level.In a letter issued to media, Shivlal Bhosale, chairman of the Shri Chhatrapati Shivaji Market Yard Commission Agents Association at the APMC said that we are still protesting against the cut in commission, but we have decided to implement the changed rates till the first week of January.Bhosale further added that compared to other cities in the state, various costs in Pune are much higher and hence the demand for higher commission rates. \"Another challenge is from the conventional trade practice, where buyers do not make complete payment and we have to wait for some period. To sustain in such market, we need to have some financial support for ourselves,\" he said.Earlier, commission agents used to charge 10% on flower trade, 8% on potato, onion and 6% on vegetable trade. The state marketing board fixed the commission rate as 6% flat on every transaction, ranging from flower to vegetables. The association of commission agents protested for one week but neither the state nor the marketing department agreed to their demands and agents withdrew their strike.A committee was also formed to look into the issue, but the state government remained firm on its 6% commission rate; hence the agents association has decided to implement the new rates till first week of January.Bhosale said, \"We have agreed to charge the new rates only till the first week of January. Our protest is still on and we will continue our protest. It would be better if state government makes 8% or 10% commission across the state. Everybody will benefit from it. The 6% commission rate is not benefiting us at all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17741670", "title": "Two bowel cancer genes discovered", "text": "LONDON: Researchers have discovered two genes that increase the risk of bowel cancer, which explain why some families are incredibly vulnerable to the disease.The genes are passed from parent to child and greatly increase the risk of a tumour forming.Researchers from the University of Oxford and the Institute of Cancer Research, London, scanned the genes of 20 people from families with a strong history of bowel cancer.They found everyone who had a faulty POLE or POLD1 gene developed bowel cancer or had a precancerous growth in the bowel.The two genes are so-called 'dominant' genes, where only one faulty copy needs to be inherited for someone to be at a high risk of developing bowel cancer.Researchers looked for the faults in almost 4,000 people with bowel cancer and 6,700 without the disease. Neither of the faults were found in people without bowel cancer, while 12 people with the POLE gene were found in the bowel cancer group and one person had a POLD1 gene fault.The POLD1 fault was also found to increase the risk of getting womb cancer and possibly brain tumours with seven people in the study being diagnosed with womb cancer and one developing two brain tumours.\"There are some families where large numbers of relatives develop bowel cancer but who don't have any of the known gene faults that raise the risk of developing the disease,\" said lead researcher Ian Tomlinson from the University of Oxford.\"These two faults are rare, but if you inherit them your chance of bowel cancer is high. By testing people with a strong family history of the disease for these faults, we can identify those who are at high risk and try to prevent the disease by using colonoscopy and other methods,\" Tomlinson said in a statement.POLE and POLD1 are involved in scanning and repairing damage to DNA, removing incorrect sequences from the DNA chain. Without these genes, affected individuals build up damage in their DNA which can cause bowel cancer.\"Uncovering gene faults like these two is extremely important, as inherited susceptibility plays a role in the development of about a third of all cases of colorectal cancer,\" study co-leader Professor Richard Houlston said.\"This is one of the most important discoveries in bowel cancer genetics in years. It should allow us to manage families affected by inherited bowel cancer much more effectively, and it offers new clues for the prevention or treatment of all forms of the disease,\" he said.The study was published in Nature Genetics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17738094", "title": "When Sachin Tendulkar shines with his bowling", "text": "Given his batting prowess, it's easy to overlook Sachin Tendulkar's 154 ODI wickets and the impact he often had with ball in hand. Nitin Naik calls the overs...India vs West Indies Dec 6, 1991, PerthIndia were defending a low target of 126. Skipper Azharuddin, in trying to bowl the Windies out, had exhausted the quota of all his pacers by the 40th over. The move worked with the Windies reduced to 76/8, but the tail resisted. It came to a stage when WI needed just five more runs with one wicket remaining. Tendulkar's first five yielded five runs, then he produced a perfect outswinger to Anderson Cummins to have him caught by Azhar at slip. India tied the game.India vs South Africa Nov 24, 1993, KolkataThe Hero Cup moment. Chasing 195, South Africa got to within six runs with the dangerous Brian McMillan and Allan Donald at the crease. Kapil Dev, India's most experienced bowler, still had two overs left but seemed reluctant to bowl the last over. Vice captain Tendulkar simply snatched the ball from Azhar's hands and a mixture of loopy leg-cutters and fastish offbreaks proved too much for the South Africans as India won by two runs to reach the final.India vs Australia April 1, 1998, KochiThe All Fool's Day prank. People who had turned up at the ground to watch him bat were disappointed when Tendulkar was dismissed for 8. Jadeja (105) and Azharuddin (82) ensured that India put up 309. However, Steve Waugh and Michael Bevan looked like taking the Aussies home before Tendulkar struck, getting Waugh caught and bowled. That opened the floodgates as Tendulkar picked up four more to fashion India's win and end with figures of 5/32.India vs Australia Oct 28, 1998, DhakaTendulkar had already blazed his way to 141 and helped India reach 307. The Australians, though, were making a match of it. That's when skipper Azharuddin - probably remembering his earlier heroics - called on the golden arm of Tendulkar. The part timer happily obliged, dismissing Steve Waugh, Michael Bevan and Damien Martyn. His figures of 9.1-0-38-4 knocked the Aussies out of the Champions Trophy and sent India into the semifinals.India vs Pakistan April 2, 2005, KochiAlmost seven years to the day of his first five-wicket haul, Tendulkar returned to the venue hoping to score some runs. But he managed just 4 before being caught and bowled. Still, India put up 281 thanks to tons from Rahul Dravid and Virender Sehwag. Early strikes from L Balaji and Ashish Nehra reduced Pakistan to 64/4 before Tendulkar completed the demolition job by getting Inzamam bowled for 37 and then going through the rest of the lineup to help India take a 1-0 lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17737830", "title": "Faulty design escalates cost of dam by 450cr", "text": "MUMBAI: A faulty design was the ostensible reason for the cost of the Nerdhamana irrigation project in Akola district to skyrocket from an initial estimate of Rs 181 crore to Rs 638 crore.State governor K Sankaranarayanan visited the project site on the Purna river earlier this month to supervise work. Experts said it is one of the most expensive irrigation projects in the country-Rs 9.18 lakh to irrigate one hectare of land as against the national average of Rs 1.70 lakh. Following the irrigation scam, TOIhas learned that irrigation department officials have now proposed to reduce the project cost by 30%. Irrigation experts said this is a fit case for investigation by the state government-appointed special investigation team.The water resources department justified the huge cost on the grounds that the project was innovative as it is being taken up in \"soft black cotton soil''. It also stated that the area was severely drought hit and in the suicide belt of Vidarbha region.Money down the drain?Major Cost Escalations In State Projects1 Gosikhurd (Bhandara dist):From Rs 372cr in 1982 to Rs 7,777cr today and expected to shoot up to Rs 13,000cr2 Balganga (Raigad dist):From Rs 353cr in 2009 to Rs 1,220cr in 2010. Govt appointed panel recommends price should now be fixed at Rs 900cr3 Kondhane (Karjat taluka):From Rs 56cr in July 2011 to Rs 328cr a month later. Contract was scrapped after TOI expose4 Wardha diversion (Amravati):From Rs 120cr six years ago to Rs 433cr last year5 Lower Penganga (Yavatmal dist):From Rs 1,402cr to Rs 9,027cr three years ago. Contract cancelled following uproar in state assembly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17735809", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar calls it a day in one-days", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sachin Tendulkar will never again be seen on the field in the blue Indian jersey. After a 23-year-long career during which he broke virtually all records worth breaking, the world's greatest ODI batsman announced his retirement from the 50-over game on Sunday.Sachin's ODI record  | Profile:  Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar | In Pics:  Sachin's one-day journey\"I have decided to retire from the one-day format of the game. I feel blessed to have fulfilled the dream of being part of a World Cup wining Indian team. The preparatory process to defend the World Cup in 2015 should begin early and in right earnest,\" Tendulkar said in a statement released by the BCCI.The board said that the Mumbai maestro had spoken to BCCI president N Srinivasan and conveyed the decision. \"I would like to wish the team all the very best for the future. I am eternally grateful to all my well wishers for their unconditional support and love over the years,\" Tendulkar added.The decision came on the day when the selectors announced the ODI squad for the series against Pakistan, giving rise to speculation that Sachin was nudged by the board to call it a day. In fact, a BCCI source said Tendulkar wanted to play the series against Pakistan before bidding goodbye to the format. He changed his mind after getting feelers from the selectors that he won't be considered for the ODI team on the basis of his current form. BCCI, however, denied this and said it was Sachin's own decision.The source added that Tendulkar was keen for a last duel against the Pakistanis. \"It's a marquee series and no player of his stature would say no to such a contest and retire on the day when the team is announced,\" a source close to the team told TOI.Sources said that two selectors - chief Sandep Patil and Roger Binny - were in constant touch with Tendulkar and discussed the issue at length with him.The board insisted that Sachin has been contemplating retirement from ODIs for quite some time and had last week informed those close to him about his decision.\"It's been Sachin's decision to pick and choose his ODI series and today he has decided to announce his retirement on his own. There was no pressure from BCCI. He played cricket on his own terms and no one influenced his decision,\" a top BCCI official told TOI.Reacting to the decision, Ratnakar Shetty, the BCCI's chief administrative officer, said: \"I won't say it is a shocker because he has also been thinking about this, waiting for the right time to call it a day. Today, he has expressed his desire to retire from the one-day format, and the BCCI really respects his wishes.\"A BCCI source, however, said Sachin was no longer fitting in the scheme of things in the ODIs. \"One, he was picking and choosing his ODI contests which wasn't allowing the team to settle with a combination. Two, the selectors were keen to give young players more opportunities keeping the 2015 World Cup in mind,\" he said.The selectors, according to sources, want Sachin to play some Ranji Trophy games before the Test series against Australia at home. \"They all respect his abilities, but what is required at this level is to keep performing no matter how big you are,\" another source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17741086", "title": "Pune-based Byond to launch 10 smartphones", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Pune-based Byond Tech Electronics said it is eyeing to sell over one lakh smart phones per month by launching new range in lower price bracket and targeting Rs 400 crore turnover from smart phones and tablets in 2013-14.\"We are targeting to sell more than one lakh smartphones in India as demand for such phones is enormous and its market is growing very fast,\" company's founder and CEO Prashant P Bora told PTI here.Bora said the company has set a target of achieving sales of Rs 400 crore from smart phones and tablets in 2013-14.\"In current fiscal, smart phones and tablets will contribute Rs 100-150 crore in our total business, but in next fiscal, we expect our sales will reach Rs 400 crore from both these segments,\" he said.Having decided to spend Rs 50 crore on brand building and advertising, the company has also signed bollywood actress Bipahsa Basu as brand ambassador for smart phones and tablets.He said the company will soon roll out 10 new smartphones with 3.5 to 6-inch screen in the range of Rs 4,000 to maximum of Rs 13,000 per unit.\"Though the market for smart phones is huge across the country, we plan to target Punjab, Haryana, Gujarat, Jammu and Kashmir, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka for our smartphones,\" he said.Byond has 50:50 joint venture with Chinese company Hongkong Leaguer Technology for manufacturing phones and tablets with manufacturing facility at Shenzhen in China. The company has manufacturing capacity of 4 lakh mobile phones per annum.It is also Original Equipment Manufacturer for overseas brands like Sprint in Bangladesh, Connspeed in Vietnam, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17736121", "title": "Failed strategy: Organized crowd outsmarts police plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police had expected huge numbers on Sunday at the protest sites but it was an 'organized crowd' that left them stunned leading to an on-the-spot lathicharge order. Officials said after Saturday's clash with protesters at Rajpath, top brass of Delhi Police had a meeting late at night and a plan was chalked out for Sunday.Slammed by Supreme Court earlier for its action against Baba Ramdev's stir at Ramlila Maidan, Delhi Police tried to play safe on Sunday. \"We did not want to hit anyone till stone-pelting on us. We only resorted to lathicharge in the evening as the situation went out of control,\" special commissioner of police (law and order) Dharmendra Kumar said.On Sunday morning, cops had issued prohibitory orders under Section 144 CrPC and called for deployment of maximum force - close to 2,500 officers including all its SHOs, ACPs and DCPs - at India Gate and Rajpath. All district DCPs had come to the spot with two battalions each.According to Kumar, police planned to wait for protestors to disperse till evening. When an unruly crowd gathered by 4 pm at India Gate circle and started vandalizing lawns, burning barricades and arming themselves with stones, senior officers called for more battalions. \"The protesters were joined by motivated groups, hooligans and criminals and they were being mobilized in an organized manner. They damaged public properties, a Doordarshan car and 12 PCR vans and injured many police officers. One of our constables, Suresh from Karawal Nagar, is on ventilator,\" Kumar said. When there was a sudden rain of stones on them about 5.15pm, police and RAF retaliated. By 6.15 pm, police had taken over the entire zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17738202", "title": "Sarv khap demands lok adalat status in Haryana", "text": "ROHTAK: In the wake of growing rage among people following the Delhi rape case, Haryana sarv khap panchayat (SKP) on Sunday reiterated its demand to be recognized as a lok adalat, claiming that khaps were strong enough to deal with people accused in crime against women.SKP spokesperson Om Prakash Mann, who had earlier raised the demand of lowering marriageable age of girls as a solution to rape cases in Haryana, stated that khap panchayats were capable of tackling such crimes if given the powers and status of courts like lok adalats.Another khap leader, Katar Singh Sangwan stated that nobody would be allowed to violate the 'maryada' (limits) of the society in the name of individual freedom. \"Young people should be imparted lessons in morality and ethics in schools and at home and khap panchayats too can play an important role in this process,\" he stated.The two khap leaders, however, also demanded a stringent law to deal with such crimes. A Rohtak-based khap panchayat, Meham Chaubisi, has already announced to boycott any person involved in rape incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17741774", "title": "Use of water canons at media crew not acceptable, broadcasters' body says", "text": "NEW DELHI: The News Broadcasters' Association (NBA) said on Monday that the use of water canons at specific media locations by Delhi Police during Sunday's protests suggested that journalists were targeted.In a statement released here the NBA, which has country's leading news channels as members, expressed shock and concern that several journalists, camera-persons and media crew from various news channels were injured and expensive broadcast equipment damaged in the police action on Sunday.\"The fact that water canons were used at specific media locations and journalists even with mikes in their hands were injured suggests that the media was targeted,\" the NBA statement said.The NBA said that its member channels had reported the protests over women's safety with \"great maturity, sensitivity and restraint\" so any police action against reporters was not acceptable.\"Any police action against our reporters is therefore unacceptable and condemned in no uncertain terms. It would be a sad day for the country, and democracy, if any attempt is made to muzzle the media,\" the NBA statement said.The NBA in its statement appealed to the government to ensure that media is allowed to perform their duty in a free and fearless manner.The statement also said that NBA member channels and most of the news media has condemned the violence that has crept into the protests and have repeatedly advised restraint and requested for peace and calm.The broadcasters said that it is the job of the news media to report on events factually and that it has done this duty in the last few days in a balanced manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741374", "title": "Working with Rajni is a costly question: Kamal", "text": "Fans of both Rajnikanth and Kamal Haasan have been waiting to see the two superstars re-unite on screen but the actor-filmmaker says their coming together for a film would be a costly affair. They have done a few films together in the early stages of their career, notably 'Apoorva Raagangal', which was the breakthrough film for Haasan and the debut film of Rajnikanth.When asked about him teaming up with Rajnikanth again, Haasan said, \"Working with Rajnikanth is a costly question. If both of us starred together, there would be no money to make the film! If we have a lot of money, maybe then we can star in a film together.\"The 58-year-old actor is currently gearing up for the release of his new big-budgeted thriller ' Vishwaroopam ', to release on January 11. Kamal Haasan has written, directed and acted in the film, which also stars Pooja Kumar, Rahul Bose, Andrea Jeremiah and Jaideep Ahlawat.The film will was shot simultaneously in Tamil and Hindi and also stars filmmaker Shekhar Kapur in a special role and the second part of the film is also being shot which will be out soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17737783", "title": "Explicit stone tablet found in Vasai", "text": "MUMBAI: The otherwise-articulate historians of Vasai have been left fumbling for words as they try to explain a new discovery. Early this month, a team of historians recovered a 750-year-old stone tablet with a sexually explicit inscription that would make a sailor blush.A bygone local king or chieftain, whose identity is yet to be ascertained, had most likely commissioned the carving as a warning sign either to keep intruders at bay or to ensure that tax collectors deposited their revenue, said the historians.\"The stone bears an image of a donkey copulating with a human female, perhapsthreatening transgressors that a similar fate would befall their women should their menfolk ignore the warning,\" said historian Shridatta Raut, of Kille Vasai Mohim, who chanced upon the tablet. Traditionally, property owners in the area placed carved stones at the entrance to their plots, a practice that Vasaikars follow to this day. Intruders were warned with abusive words, although such pictorial abuse is uncommon. The mohim (a mission group) is campaigning to save Vasai Fort.The stone, dating back to 1268 AD, was recovered from Kiravali village. It measures 126cm in length, 56cm in width and 22cm in breadth. The 'bliss water' picture with carvings of the sun and moon on the stone are meant to signify the respected nature of the person who issued the warning and his protection day and night.Villagers won't hand over tablet to ASIKille Vasai Mohim has unearthed a sexually explicit tablet. \"The stone dates back to the era of the Shilahara kings, who ruled Vasai around 1,000 years ago. It bears a few lines in Sanskrit that we are trying to decipher. Years of exposure to the elements and accumulated dirt have blurred the inscription, but we have read a series of 'Shri Shri Shri Shri' , which shows that the tablet must have been commissioned by a senior courtier or perhaps a Brahmin,\" said Shridatta Raut of the Mohim.The Shilahara kings ruled over Vasai before the advent of the Portuguese rule in 1536. Raut says an unexplained gap in leadership spanning centuries may be solved with this recovery. Interestingly, the tablet was once a venerated artefact in the village.It lay in the Chankai Devi Mandir , where villagers used to break coconuts upon it on amavasya or new moon day. Later, it was kept beside a nearby pond.Raut was visiting the temple when villagers mentioned the tablet. The historian and his team carefully removed and cleaned the tablet and were surprised at its historical value.The villagers are determined not to hand over the treasure to the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) for safekeeping. \"For one thing, the ASI did not find it. Moreover, its record of conservation and storage of artefacts is so poor that some years later you might not know if the tablet belonged to Vasai or Churchgate,\" said Raut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17738326", "title": "Cabbie held for abducting girl", "text": "BANGALORE: Talaghattapura cops have arrested a 28-year-old man for kidnapping his relative, a minor.Police, however, are yet to ascertain what the man's intentions were.Rizwan 28, a cab driver, allegedly took his 12-yearold cousin on Friday evening in his vehicle but was caught by passers-by after the girl raised an alarm at Hulimavu on Bannerghatta Road.Rizwan and the girl, a standard VI student, are both residents of Avalahalli . The cabbie first offered a ride to the unsuspecting girl and drove her up to Hulimavu. He parked his car by the roadside and told her to listen to him carefully . The girl was terrified. Strangely, the cabbie then thrust Rs 50 into her hands and let her go. The girl suspected something fishy and alerted drivers of a few autorickshaws that had been parked by the wayside.The autorickshaw drivers thrashed Rizwan and handed him to police. Girl's parents were called and she was handed over to their custody. Talaghattapura police have registered a case of kidnapping. Rizwan was produced in a court which remanded him in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17737177", "title": "No crime to rape wife under sex assault bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: The sexual assault bill introduced in Parliament, just 12 days before the Delhi gang rape, is out of sync with the spirit of zero-tolerance displayed by the protests at Raisina Hill and elsewhere. For, even as it tweaked the existing provisions in the Indian Penal Code (IPC), the bill retains the patriarchal mindset of the law enacted in 1860. While over 100 countries have criminalized marital rape, the bill shows India in a poor light as it perpetuates the notion that a man is entitled to rape his wife.Rather than outlawing non-consensual sex in all circumstances, the bill is content to make incremental reforms to the clauses allowing marital rape (Sections 375 and 376 IPC). In the anachronistic outlook of IPC, marital rape is committed only when the wife is below 15. The bill improves on this by increasing the cut-off age for marital rape by one year.The saving grace is that, although it forbids marital rape only in the aggravated circumstance in which the wife is below 16, the bill is unsparing when it comes to laying down the quantum of punishment. It proposes imprisonment from seven years to a life sentence for husbands raping wives below 16. This is an improvement on the existing clause under which a man raping his wife aged between 12 and 15 is liable to a term of no more than two years.Another significant reform relates to the indefinite period between a judicial separation and a divorce. From the existing penalty of two years, the bill has raised the prison term to seven years for somebody who has raped his wife after they had been judicially separated.The bill has also increased penalties for molestation (from two years to five years) and sexual harassment or eve-teasing (from one year to three years). However, as with marital rape, the bill has failed to rid these provisions of attitudes that don't belong in the 21st century India.In the provisions relating to molestation and sexual harassment, the bill has refrained from amending the expressly-stated notion that those offences are committed against the \"modesty\" of a woman. Section 354 IPC is about \"assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty\" while Section 509 IPC is about \"word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman\".The retention of this Victorian language \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and the sexist notion of modesty \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will continue to legitimize social sensibilities that are offended by a young woman staying out late in male company, as allegedly was the case the night on which the gang rape took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17738697", "title": "All Jharkhand Students' Union welcomes Akhilesh with open arms", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Gangster Akhilesh Singh is serving a life sentence in the Gaghidih Central Jail but his presence was apparent in the All Jharkhand Students' Union (Ajsu) Party programme on Sunday, which he has joined recently.Lok panchayat, a public meeting organized by the party at Agrico ground, addressed by the party president and deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato , saw a good turnout. The crowd largely included contract workers employed in the various departments held by Mahato as cabinet minister.The ground was decked with welcome banners, posters and hoardings carrying pictures of Singh alongside Mahato. The criminal's presence at the venue was conspicuous with several of his aides occupying the dias. \"Ajsu represents the aspirations of the youth. It is a party that provides an effective platform to the youngsters,\" said Mahato welcoming the gangster into the party fold.The volunteers of the Akhilesh Singh Fans Club, who were responsible for the smooth conduct of the meeting that lasted over an hour, greeted the minister with a garland weighing 200kg. \"The public display of money and might was there for everyone to see. After all, Akhilesh Singh had to make his presence a big affair,\" said a district committee member of the party who has been with Ajsu since its early days.A 12km stretch, from Paridih on NH-33 to the meeting ground in Agrico, was adorned with huge cut outs of Akhilesh Singh at several places. Over six bamboo scaffoldings were erected by his men albeit with party's approval. \"The money was spent like anything by his (Akhilesh) aides to impress the party cadres and the denizens,\" said another party leader who has joined the present outfit after spending years in JMM.Akhilesh, in his early 30's, was evading police for the past several years but was arrested in Noida, Uttar Pradesh on December 29, 2011 by UP police and was brought here. Serving life sentence in the Sakchi jailer Uma Shanker Pandey murder case, Akhilesh is also an accused in the attempted murder of retired additional district judge R P Ravi on March 20, 2008. The former judge convicted Singh in the jailer murder case.Besides, he is also accused in over a dozen cases, including extortion, kidnapping and murder. The younger sibling, Amlesh Singh, is also behind the bars while his father, Chandragupt Singh is a retired policeman and is currently Jharkhand Vikas Morcha member in the district committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741528", "title": "Some far away folk tunes", "text": "African, Caribbean, Latin American and Middle Eastern \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Idan Raichel wowed audiences with his repertory of music at a concert held recently at Rabindra Sarobar.The Israeli music producer and performer was in town with The Idan Raichel Project and jammed with city musicians such as Mansoor Fakir and Dipannita Acharya. The Idan Raichel Project is known for its fusing Hebrew texts with Middle eastern and Ethiopian music in an electronica background. Their performance was accompanied by folk dances from Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "narasaraopet", "code": "17737179", "title": "Police foil TDP bid to lay siege on Congress minister's residence", "text": "NARASARAOPET: Tension gripped the home town of minister for cooperation, Kasu Krishna Reddy, when Telugu Desam Party (TDP) cadres led by former minister Kodela Sivaprasada Rao made an attempt to lay siege to the minister's residence here on Sunday.Police used mild lathicharge and forcibly shifted the agitators to the police station. The TDP activists were protesting against the alleged enrolment of large number of bogus voters for cooperative society elections in the constituency.Kodela had issued an ultimatum to the officials that he would go ahead with the siege if the authorities did not set things right by Saturday. He alleged that officials allowed only Congress workers to take membership in societies and turned down the applications of others.\"The officials violated all rules to favour the ruling party at the behest of the minister for cooperation. We will not allow the practice to go unchecked. Is it not the duty of the officials to be impartial in the conduct of the elections?\" he asked.Trouble started on Sunday morning when the TDP cadres geared up to took out a rally towards cooperative bank branch in the town. In an attempt to pacify the former minister, police urged them to take the rally via flyover to avoid going along the road touching the minister's residence.However, Kodela assured the police that the march would be a peaceful. Additional forces were deployed along the rally route and prohibitory orders were clamped in the area. A few TDP cadres made an attempt to barge into the minister's residence resulting in tension in the area. Police caned the TDP cadres and forcibly shifted Kodela and other TDP activists to the police station.Later, the TDP cadres staged a dharna in front of the police station. There was high drama when Kodela fainted when police tried to prevent him from sitting on dharna.Angry TDP activists hurled stones at police vehicles. Police booked cases against 14 TDP leaders including Kodela Sivaprasada Rao under non-bailable sections and arrested them. Ponnur legislator Dhulipalla Narendrakumar also joined the protests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17736738", "title": "Great Innings, now we have to move on: Srikkanth", "text": "CHENNAI: Krishnamachari Srikkanth, who was Sachin Tendulkar's first international captain, was left surprised - and a little bit nostalgic - by the timing of Tendulkar's decision.Profile:  Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar | In Pics:  Sachin's one-day journey\"I thought Sachin would play the Pakistan series, but we all respect his decision. I'm a little surprised but not shocked. I knew it was coming,\" Srikkanth told TOI. \"Nobody can match his contribution to Indian and world cricket and it gives me immense pleasure when I recollect those days back in 1989 when Sachin made his debut under my captaincy. I was lucky to witness history.\"Recollecting Sachin's innings in that unforgettable exhibition match against Pakistan in which the Mumbai batsman took apart a stalwart like Abdul Qadir, Srikkanth said, \"He was just a 16-year-old and the way he handled Qadir, it took the whole cricket world by surprise. I immediately understood that this boy will conquer the world one day. But now we have to move on.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17735827", "title": "BDD Chawls resident held for rape, murder", "text": "THANE: A 23-year-old Mumbai resident was arrested on Sunday for the rape and murder of a 17-year-old college girl.Nitin Maruti Masudkar, a resident of BDD Chawls, was arrested by the Naupada police after gathering concrete evidence against him for being solely responsible for the crime.The victim's death in a private hospital in Chembur was attributed to pus formation around the uterus, caused by the insertion of a sharp object, according to the post-mortem conducted by Rajawadi hospital. Medical reports suggested that the cause of death was severe infection to the vagina and damage to the uterus.The Naupada police were probing the cause of death and had inquired with friends and relatives about her relationship with Musadkar as the victim resides in the lake city. A probe revealed that Musadkar and the girl were in a relationship for two years. A police official said that Musadkar took her to Nalasopara, with the intention of having a physical relationship on December 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741325", "title": "Bollywood's promising newbies in 2012", "text": "Established stars are constantly challenged by promising newcomers in Bollywood and this year was no different with a crop of talented actors making their debut.Some of the hits like \"Barfi\", \"Ishaqzaade\", \"Jannat 2\", \"Jism 2\", \"Vicky Donor\" and \"Gangs of Wasseypur\" launched many new faces in Bollywood.Names like Arjun Kapoor, Esha Gupta, Sunny Leone, Ileana D'Cruz and Ayushmann Khurrana, Yami Gautam and Huma Qureshi got a thumbs up from the audience alongwith critical acclaim for their performances.Filmmaker-producer Karan Johar made his directorial comeback in \"Student Of The Year\" with three newcomers - Alia Bhatt, Siddharth Malhotra and Varun Dhawan.Alia, the daughter of Mahesh Bhatt and Soni Razdan. She came to audition for the film directly from her school. Amused by her dancing skills, Johar roped her in, making her the youngest newcomer of this year. Just 19, Alia already has two big films in her kitty.Another newcomer from the film Varun, is son of veteran director David Dhawan .Huma Qureshi may not have a toned body like other actresses but she wowed one and all with her acting in Anurag Kashyap's \"Gangs Of Wasseypur1 &amp; 2\" .The actress was praised for her subtle performance as the wife of a gangster. She also gave another hit with \"Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana\".Another revelation this year was Kingfisher model Diana Penty , who made her debut in Saif Ali Khan film \"Cocktail\". The film had a good run at the box office, while Diana's song 'Tum Hi Ho Bandhu' topped the charts and her coy-conservative 'Meera' act was also praised.Ileana D'Cruz, a huge hit down South in the Telugu film industry, made her Bollywood debut with Anurag Basu's \"Barfi\", which was India's official entry for Oscars this year.The actress was praised for her grace and poise in the film. She will next be seen opposite Shahid Kapoor in \"Phata Poster Nikla Hero\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "17738287", "title": "Music magic that flows beyond borders", "text": "BANGALORE : Under the moonlit sky , the Jayamahal Palace premises was filledwithhundredsof musiclovers. They had gathered on Sunday evening for The Times of India Aman ki Asha concert , celebrating the voice of peace , harmony and feeling of togetherness.The ambience was surreal and electrifying as popular music band Indian Ocean sharedthestage with Pakistani troupe Strings .The evening started with Indian Ocean rocking the audience with the famous 'Maaya Maaya' song . 'Hari om' , 'Tham ja' , 'Aamar Bandhu' , 'Hai Tamasha ye Pyar' and 'Deva ' were the other songs sung by the band . The crowds cheered and applauded the jugalbandi of tabla and dug dugi , played by two band members .It was then time for Strings to come on to the stage , and they came with a bang . Starting with 'Saathi koi jaane wala hai' , the band also played songs , which are heard in India with passion . \"This particular platform (Aman ki Asha ) is amazing . I love coming to this part of India and performing ,\" said Bilal Maqsood of Strings . \"Any effort by any sort of people , whether musicians , players or politicians , is most welcomed in such an initiative . Such concerts definitely bring hearts closer . It might be only for a few minutes , but people forget all differences and enjoy music . I won't say that music is the best way to bring both nations together , but it does its bit. The best way can only be through politics ,\" said Amit Kilam of Indian Ocean . It was music for the soul and everyone soaked in the spirit . \"I have been listening to Pakistani music for some time now . I have always enjoyed the Sufi touch that Pakistani music has . When it comes to events like 'Aman ki Asha' , it is a great platform to develop harmony between the two nations . Music has done a lot more than politicians here ,\" said Amogha Varsha , a music aficionado .Added Rohit Kumar , another music lover , \"I am enjoying the music being played by both bands . 'Aman ki Asha' is a great initiative . It is one of the best ways to improve the current Indo-P ak relations . \"Cricketers warm to friendship themeIndian cricketers R Ashwin, Rohit Sharma and Ajinkya Rahane , who briefly shared the stage with desi rock group Indian Ocean and Pakistani rockers Strings during The Times of India Aman ki Asha concert here on Sunday, said they were looking forward to bonding with their arch-rivals during their upcoming series. The trio, along with the Indian team - minus Ishant Sharma who will arrive later - landed in the city on Sunday for the first T20 International against Pakistan on December 25.\"There is a lot of tension and pressure when we face Pakistan but that is only because we all play the game passionately,\" said Rahane. \"Off the field, I am sure we all will get along well. I don't have a lot of experience playing against our neighbours but I hope to meet them and bond with them over things they love about India, like our food,\" the batsman said.Looking to break away from his tag of being shy was spinner Ashwin. \"We have plans for everyone and the Pakistan team contains some talented batsmen, but if I could dismiss one of the Akmal brothers early on I would be happy,\" he said.With players bound to feel the pressure to perform during the Pakistan series, Ashwin was quizzed whether psychological warfare and sledging would play a role. The bowler had a ready answer. \"We generally leave all the sledging to Virat Kohli ,\" he joked, leaving the crowd in splits over Kohli's perceived aggressive nature.Batsman Rohit, known for his love of fast cars, was asked whether he shared the same love for Pakistani pacers . \"Why not,\" asked the Mumbai lad, before adding. \"I like them coming hard at me so that I can hit them out of the park. I have especially enjoyed playing Shahid Afridi and Umar Gul.\"Rohit added that he shared a warm relationship with Pakistan players and revealed that a lot of them had approached him to procure cricket bats from India. \"The bat manufacturers in Pakistan are not as good as those in India so a lot of bonding happens over this. We exchange bats on many occasions too,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740795", "title": "Mika Singh disturbed over rape incident", "text": "Singer Mika Singh has been highly perturbed by the gang rape that happened Delhi a week ago. With the help of women working for his NGO Divine Touch, Mika has decided to launch a helpline for women in distress. A source close to the singer said, \"Mika feels that in gruesome cases prompt action is needed. The women working for his NGO have decided to unite over the issue and start the helpline to curb such crimes. The women feel that they along with their male family members can come to victim's help as soon as possible.\"When contacted Mika confrmed, \"Yes it is true that I want to start a helpline and plan to put it into force on the New Year. I want the rapists to experience the feeling of fear before he commits the cruel act.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17736661", "title": "'Sexual harassment cannot be removed totally from the society'", "text": "Women tend to take in their stride most events of sexual harassment. In spite of being aware of the fact that the behaviour is wrong and should not be tolerated they put up with it and worst, do not register it with any authorities concerned.Psychotherapist and trainer Shishir Palsapure says that as action against this act requires conscious decision making, women tend to undertake a cost analysis to check if they should report or not. \"They fear getting a bad reputation, discrimination and even the fear of getting questioned which impels them to suffer quietly.\" In many cases they know that help is available if they decide to pursue the matter but they lack the assertiveness or the skills to take this up. Besides, she does not have confidence in the support system which the society has put in place and feels that she will be the loser in an attempt to sustain her action.Describing sexual harassment as society influenced natural mating behaviour done in a very inappropriate way, Palsapure says that lack of social skills, a psychological disorder or bad role models are to be blamed for it. \"Behaving in this manner to attract the attention of a woman is a matter of personal choice and for this the perpetrator has to take responsibility,\" he feels.Taking legal recourse can be a solution if the acts are very troublesome but it will bring about a positive as well as negative reaction. \"Thus I feel the decision to take it up legally has to vary from situation to situation as it will bring about a reaction,\" says Palsapure. \"People want stricter laws to end this menace but it is impossible to weed it out completely. Legal penalties will make it worst as it will make the victim even more vulnerable.\" The psychologist suggests that emotional education at school level and educating women at social and legal level will help in minimizing this menace. \"Organizations and educational institutions can make a big difference,\" he feels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17735933", "title": "Bhandup police arrest man for misbehaviour", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bhandup police arrested a 35-year-old man for allegedly misbehaving with his 30-year-old differently-abled co-worker at the Shangrila biscuit manufacturing unit on Saturday. Chandrashekar Bane, a supervisor with a biscuit manufacturing unit in Bhandup, was caught by colleague after the victim brought the incident to their notice.Bane told the police that he was made a 'scapegoat' by the company union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "madhubani", "code": "17736446", "title": "FIR against Patna lawyer for threatening district judge", "text": "MADHUBANI: In a sensational development, an FIR was lodged at town police station on Friday in a 10-month old case of threatening call to district and sessions judge Gyaneshwar Gupta by one Dilip Kumar on February 21, 2012. The FIR was lodged on the basis of a letter written by ADJ-1 of Madhubani civil court Kumar Madhwendra to the officer in charge of town police station.Confirming this, SP Ranjit Kumar Mishra said the process of getting call details of the accused and the judge's correspondence with the high court caused delay in filing of the FIR.As per the FIR, Dilip Kumar, pretending to be an employee of Patna high court, called the district judge on his telephone, 222220, from his mobile phone bearing number, 9308245943, in the afternoon, between 4.28 pm to 4.40pm to be precise, on February 21, 2012, and ordered him to immediately send the case diary of criminal miscellaneous 44026/2011 relating to Benipatti PS case no 79/2010 to Patna high court.The FIR further alleges that Dilip Kumar, using foul language and his 'connections' in the high court, threatened the district judge with personally harming him and even marring his career by getting adverse remarks entered into his service records if he failed to comply with his instructions. Doubting the claims of Dilip Kumar, the district judge informed the Madhubani SP about the incident. When the call details of his mobile no 9308245943 were verified by the police, it was found that Dilip Kumar, son of one S K Singh, a native of village Jadakan, Markani Husainaganj, district Siwan, is actually an advocate in Patna civil court, the FIR said.The SP said the police will soon take necessary action in this regard.This is not a first case in the state where judges receive threats. Recently a woman judicial magistrate at Motihari was allegedly humiliated in the courtroom by a lawyer and his assistant. The accused lawyer and his assistant, however, were later sent to jail on the charges of misbehaving with the woman judicial magistrate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17736572", "title": "A year on, project remains in papers", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Though the state government had announced almost a year ago that an Integrated Institute of Science and Technology (IIST) would be set up in Parappanangadi panchayat in Malappuram, nothing has been done so far to materialize the project.The panchayat is yet to identify land for the institute. While presenting the project in the 2012 finance budget, the government had informed that it would be a technical institute with the standard of Indian Institute of Technologies (IITs).A total of Rs 1 crore was earmarked as the token amount for the project and the government is also expecting an aid of Rs 50 crore from the Centre.Though there were reports that the institute would be set up near Cheramangalam in Parappanangadi, panchayat vice-president P K Jamal said the panchayat has not received any information regarding the project. He added that it would be very difficult to identify 30 acres for the institute in the panchayat.However, education minister P K Abdurabb, who is also the local MLA, told TOI that the institute would be set up in Parappanangadi and district collector M C Mohandas has already been directed to identify land in the panchayat itself.The detailed project report has already been prepared. Engineering college, polytechnic college, applied science college, industrial consultancy and testing centre, finishing college, and sub-centres of LBS would be part of the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17738692", "title": "Yuletide spirit runs high", "text": "RANCHI: The Yuletide season is in full swing and people are busy making plans to ring in Christmas. With just a day left for the big celebrations, most are occupied with last minute preparations for the party planned. While some are sure to revel in nightlong song and dance, for others meeting up relatives and sparing time for visiting the cathedral is what Christmas is all about.Sunita Lakra is one such party enthusiast who eagerly awaits the arrival of this season. \"All my friends stay out of Ranchi and it is on this special occasion when they gather here. Every year, we have a blast on this day as we party whole night with family and friends. This year too we have similar plans,\" she said.Ashmita Tirkey, who came from Namkum was busy shopping for the occasion and was seen buying bells and Christmas tree for decorating the crib. She said: \"I am excited that the celebration time is here. This year I have made the crib and will decorate it with lights, festoons and a little Christmas tree. My mother will make a chocolate cake and a special meal for all of us on that day.\"For some it is time for a family reunion. \"All our family members and relatives do not stay here. For me, Christmas is mostly about praying and meeting up with loved ones. So my entire day is spent cooking meals for my children who come home during Christmas holidays and meeting people,\" said Sushmita Khalko, a mother of two.The colourful season with its grand celebrations is also special for the newlyweds. \"It's been a few days that we got married and so this Christmas is going to be a one-of-a-kind experience for us. I am trying to enjoy each and every moment with my husband and in-laws. We both have planned a party with our close friends and will dine out with family,\" said Anita Tigga, buying home decor items for the occasion.While Christmas was still a week away, Santa Claus was seen distributing gifts among students of several schools in the city. The enthusiasm of those enrolled in play school knew no bounds as this was the first Christmas gathering of their lives.Ringing in the Yuletide spirit, Step to Step Preparatory School, organised a fancy dress competition which had boys dress up as Santa Claus and girls decked out as angels.Another play school, Roots to Wing, organised various games and puzzles for the kids. Ayush Ranjan, studying there, said, \"We played games throughout the day. When school was about to get over, Santa Claus made a surprise visit and gifted us a big box of chocolates.\"Students of senior schools too participated in dance, songs and drama in the run up to the festival. St Anna High School and Intermediate College saw girls participating in carol singing competition with enthusiasm.Girls of Ursuline Convent too joined in the festive spirit. Neha Kumari, a student of Ursuline Convent said, \"I was part of group dance that depicted the birth of Jesus. It was greeted with a thunderous applause and we also received a participation certificate for the same. During the programme, we were also treated to snacks and sweets from school.\"Colleges in the city also had a number of events lined up ahead of Christmas. Mayor Rama Khalkho was the chief guest at the Christmas gathering programme of Nirmala College. Densy Daniel of James Storm Ministry shared facts related to Christmas with the students and also said that Jesus loves everyone equally.Xavier Institute of Social Services organised a grand Christmas gathering for its faculty, staff, students and their guardians. Riddhima Modi, a student of XISS, said, \"We all sang carols such as 'Hark the herald', 'O come thee youthful', 'Joy to the world', 'Merry Christmas' and 'Silent night'. The program ended with a feast. We also gave farewell to a professor T John who retired after serving the institute for 33 years.\"A special Christmas celebration was observed at St Michael's Blind School in which the residents of the school preformed soul-stirring dances and skits. Chhotanagpur Dias Education Society felicitated the winners of Blind National Games on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17736759", "title": "Large industries shunned Goa in 2012", "text": "PANAJI: Though Goa has seen a steady flow of investment in the micro and small industries sectors, investment in the large segment has been insignificant. Only nine large industries have come to Goa since April this year as against 26 in 2011-12. The quantum of industrial investment in the state in the past five years has been Rs 680 crore.Between 2007 and November 2012, 340 micro units and 156 small units were set up in the state, whereas 124 large industries came to Goa in the corresponding period, including nine during the current financial year.Industries director F O Hashmi said, \"There has been a slight decline but there has also been an economic slump the world over.\" He pointed out that decline of investment in heavy industries has been rather small.He added that if Goa wants to create employment opportunities for its professionally qualified youth, investment in large industries is needed. \"Micro and small industries provide employed opportunities to ITI trained people but who will give jobs to IT professionals and other engineers?\" Hashmi asked.Investment in a small scale unit can go up to Rs 5 crore, which includes the cost of plant and machinery, whereas the minimum investment in a large industry is Rs 10 crore, with added requirement of land and other resources.A member of Goa chamber of commerce and industry (Gsaid the state has failed to invite investment during the past few years due to the lack of an investment friendly climate.\"Investors were harassed, literally harassed, under the previous regime,\" he said, adding that even projects cleared by the high powered coordination committee (HPCC) did not sail through easily, and it took two to three years to complete formalities.He pointed out entrepreneurs stayed away from Goa due to non-availability of land at industrial estates. \"I'm glad Goa industrial development corporation (GIDC) is finally putting its house in order,\" he said.GIDC has initiated the process of expanding some of its existing industrial estates and also plans to set up new estates in Poinguinim in Canacona, Sircaim in Bardez and Latambarcem in Bicholim.Investment in heavy industries :In 2010-11: Rs 20.71 croreIn 2012-13: Rs 19.03 croreInvestment in micro and medium industries:In 2009-10: Rs 40.58 croreIn 2012-13: Rs 62 crore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17737235", "title": "We need to raise our voice to protect women, says Chandresh Kumari", "text": "JODHPUR: The ongoing agitation over crimes against women has resulted in a bonding between women politicians who expressed opinions independent of their respective party's line. Union culture minister Chandresh Kumari Katoch on Sunday joined the chorus raising her voice to safeguard dignity of women.\"We need to raise our voice against all types of crimes against women,\" she said while addressing a gathering of nearly 300 youths from 26 universities across the nation who have assembled in Jodhpur to participate in 15th National Integration Youth Camp. The five-day camp was jointly organized by the Foundation for Amity and National Solidarity (FANS) and the Jai Narayan Vyas University, Jodhpur and a first-of-its-kind in Rajasthan.Though respect for women is inherent in our society, unfortunately they are subjected to constant humiliation and suppression, she said. \"This should not be tolerated at any level and we all should together raise our voice to protect women,\" she said.Health minister A A Khan, the chief guest, also emphasized on the need to respect women. Referring to the agenda of the camp, which was integration and co-existence, Khan said: \"The terms also refer to the women and we need to respectfully coexist,\"Boys and girls from over 26 universities and educational institutions from different states are participating in the event. The objective of the camp is to inculcate a sense of national integration, social equality and unity among the youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17738200", "title": "Doctors, staff decorate Christian Medical College and Hospital chapel, hospital", "text": "LUDHIANA: To make Christmas celebration a memorable one, doctors and students of the Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) are going all out to decorate the chapel in the best possible manner.Father Stanley Thomas, chaplain of the chapel said, \"For the nativity scene, we have a handmade crib created by young Punjabi doctors (interns) along with other doctors. The expenses for fashioning the scene have been borne by some of our patients.\" He added, \"Young doctors have made the wise man, shepherds and sheep for the nativity scene. Besides we also have brought Christmas trees for the chapel and for other areas of the hospital. The chapel has also been lighted up colorfully. We'll be having a prayer service on December 24. The chapel here is the only one in the city where the service will be conducted in English.\" Thermocol, plaster of Paris, saw dust, pebbles, paper and tree bark has been used in creating the nativity scene, which has been painted in brown, green and sky blue colours.Father Stanley Thomas said doctors and other nursing staff will also go around the college wishing patients a merry Christmas and speedy recovery. Dr Shubhpreet Kaur, an intern from Christian Dental College and Hospital (CDCH), said, \"Christmas is a special festival so we try our best to decorate the chapel and other areas of the CMCH in the best possible manner to make the celebration a memorable one. We decorate the Christmas trees with balls, bells and colourful lights.\" \"There are many people who are working at the decoration of the chapel and other areas of the college and hospital. Dr Shefali Prerna Ram and I made the crib and it took us about three weeks to get it ready.\"Dr Shinu Koshy, who is a resident of Brown Road, said, \"The chapel is looking beautiful after the decoration and I am looking forward to attending the Christmas service at the chapel.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17737838", "title": "VIDC's hasty tender process under lens", "text": "MUMBAI: The cost of the Nerdhamana irrigation project in Akola has soared by over 250%.The need for change of design was taken up after awarding of the project to the contractor.The project is carried out under the supervision of the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC), an arm of the state water resources department, and is funded jointly by the Centre under the accelerated irrigation benefit project (AIBP).The project received its first administrative approval (AA) on October 24, 2008 for an amount of Rs 181.99 crore. The tender process was initiated instantly and the work order was issued on March 2, 2009 for Rs 189.41 crore. In fact, a mobilization advance of 10% of estimated cost of project was also disbursed to the contractor. Work commenced and the scheduled date of completion was March 2012.However, VIDC soon sought permission for a revised administrative approval (RAA), which substantially increased the cost to Rs 638.34 crore. The apparent reason given by the department was change in design of the barrage and its structures due to poor strata encountered at certain depths.The need for change of design was taken up after awarding of the project to the contractor.The advisory committee on irrigation , flood control and multipurpose projects in its 112th meeting held on September 14, 2011, and subsequent meetings, apprehended the unusual increase in the project cost. The revised estimate was given technical clearance by the central water commission in Delhi. However,the Centre has kept the funding pending following complaints from two MPs from Vidarbha regarding the astronomical increase in cost due to faulty design.Questions are now being raised as to how VIDC initiated tender process hurriedly before finalizing the technicalities of the entire project. \"The tender process was initiated based on tentative designs. VIDC should have waited till the final design was submitted since this was the first such project to be undertaken in different soil conditions,\" said sources, who have tracked this project.Correspondence between chief engineer, Special Projects, Amravati, to Barrage &amp; Canal Design (N.W &amp; N.W.S), shows that only the tentative design was prepared and final design was kept pending due to peculiar soil conditions.\"This proves that the state water resources department hurriedly initiated tender process without any technical sanction. Project work commenced in March, 2009, based on tentative designs,\" said sources.Subsequently, the design wing of the central water commission sent a revised design around December 2009. \"Since the revised design involved major cost variation from Rs 181.41 crore to 638.34 crore, it required a revised administrative approval. The state government should have waited for the actual design of the barrage and subsequently initiated tender process for the same. This would have saved hundreds of crores of rupees,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17740214", "title": "Lava eyeing 100 mobile patents in three years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian mobile devices company Lava International hopes to file 100 patents for mobile applications in the field of education, entertainment and productivity over next 2 to 3 years.\"We have realised that just by selling handsets it is not possible to maintain growth momentum. Innovation in product is key to survival. Our wishlist is to make a century of patents in the next 2 to 3 years,\" Lava International Co-founder and Director SN Rai told PTI.The company has plans to grow its revenue from around Rs 1,000 crore at present to Rs 1,400 crore in the next financial year, he added.Elaborating on company's plan for patents, Rai said, Lava has earmarked around Rs 50 crore investments during the ongoing financial year and it will focus on patenting algorithms and application concepts.Algorithm is a step-by-step procedure for calculations used for data processing and automated reasoning among others.\"We have already filed two patents for algorithms but have not been granted yet. Lava recently launched music fusion application which can play music and video in any format. We want to have an IPR ( Intellectual Property Right) for the algorithm of this application,\" Rai said.Rai said, the company is doubling up capacity at its research and development centres in India and China.Without disclosing actual numbers, he said, \"This will be both in terms of headcount, facility and application development.\"Lava has also formed a consortium with publisher Tata McGraw Hill and tablet PC based digital learning firm iProf for developing educational content.\"This consortium will invest around Rs 25 crore in the next 2 to 3 years for digitalisation of Indian content like fairy tales, mythological stories etc,\" he said.The company also has plans to enter into enterprise segment by integrating softwares that are used for businesses and talks are at an initial stage, Rai added.\"In our solution, we will start mainly by focusing on secure communication like e-mail security. Simultaneously, we will start working on productivity software like ERP ( Enterprise Resource Planning ) and others,\" Rai said.The company recently expanded its devices portfolio from mobile phones to tablets and claims selling around 25 thousand tablets per month.\"This is just to test the market. We are working on massive plans to revamp our tablet portfolio. At present, we are in the planning stage,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17736543", "title": "Fuel shortage hits city police department hard", "text": "KOCHI: You may soon spot a police team waiting to board a transport bus to reach a crime scene.With official vehicles of the city police force running dry due to shortage of fuel from December 20, police personnel are forced to find other means of transport for official tasks, including routine beat patrols.Kochi city deputy commissioner of police (DCP) T Gopalakrishna Pillai said that they had taken up the issue with higher-ups as the civil supplies corporation, which supplies fuel to police vehicles, had stopped their supply.\"We have informed the police headquarters about the situation. If appropriate action is not taken, policing will go for a toss in the next two days. There will be no vehicles left to undertake night patrolling and other policing duties during Christmas days,\" the DCP said.According to officials, the city police have 373 vehicles which include 160 two-wheelers. Apart from a dozen heavy vehicles, the remaining are four-wheelers.Currently, about 12 four-wheelers are not being used because of fuel shortage.The fuel for police vehicles are supplied from the bunk owned by the state civil supplies corporation. \"From December 20, the corporation has stopped the supply of fuel, stating that the department should pay a deposit of Rs 10,000 for each vehicle. The city police need 12 to 13 lakh litres of fuel per month to run their vehicles,\" the officials said.They added that vehicles used by the control room, which undertake round-the-clock patrolling of city roads, depend solely on fuel supplied from the bunk owned by the civil supplies corporation. \"Police vehicles under Thrikakkara and Mattancherry police sub-divisions get fuel from a private petrol bunk owner and we have sent a special request to help the department tide over the situation.\" A police official said.\"We don't know why the civil supplies corporation has taken such a decision. There are no pending bills for payment except for the month of November. The bills are settled on a monthly basis. Usually, the corporation gives us the bill on 10th of every month and we release the demand draft by 25th,\" the officials said.If the fuel supply is not resorted, policing would be severely affected as mobility is the backbone of the police force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17731417", "title": "Sporty biopics on celluloid", "text": "Bollywood seems to be drawing inspiration from the stories of successful sportsmen and womenFarhan Akhtar as Milkha Singh: Actor-filmmaker Farhan Akhtar will be seen playing sprinter Milkha Singh in his forthcoming film Bhaag Milkha Bhaag . Milkha Singh has sold the story for just one rupee. The remuneration from movie will be used for the benefit of needy athletes. Farhan followed a rigorous exercise regime and changed his eating habits to attain a six-pack for the film. He went through various training sessions.Priyanka Chopra as Mary Kom: Priyanka , who recently said that she tries to do at least one unconventional film a year, will now be seen packing a punch on the big screen. She will be seen playing boxer Mary Kom in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's biopic on the Olympic medalist. We hear that she even met with Kom and stayed with her in Manipur to learn more about the boxing champion's life.Saina Nehwal's story will be told too: Bollywood has shown interest in Saina's story. Saina comes from a middle-class family and has been groomed into a world-class player in the face of awesome odds. Her parents - Dr Harvir Singh and Usha Rani - supported her decision to become a professional badminton player.Meanwhile, Sania Mirza writes her autobiography: The tennis player will reveal all, including details about the Olympic controversy, in a book that's set to release soon. Is a movie deal in the offing?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17736348", "title": "How a stiff neck and strong mind made Tendulkar the world's best ODI batsman", "text": "The Saturday evening of March 26, 1994 in Auckland was a tense one. As the manager of the Indian team, I was a worried man on the eve of our second one-day international against New Zealand at Eden Park. We were down 0-1 in the series and with skipper Mohammad Azharuddin and our senior-most player, Kapil Dev, I was chalking out strategies on how we could bounce back.Profile:  Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar | In Pics:  Sachin's one-day journeySuddenly, Sherry (Navjot Singh Sidhu) walked in with a stiff neck and told me he wasn't fit for the match. I was taken aback as it meant all our planning had gone haywire. We had to find a new opener and that too in alien conditions. Sachin Tendulkar, who was listening in on our conversation, volunteered to open. I had a one-word answer to that: \"No.\" I told him the team didn't want to lose its most important batsman to the new ball.After all, Kiwi fast bowler Danny Morrison was in rampaging form. He had taken a hat-trick against us in the previous game. But Sachin was adamant and told me, \"Give me one chance and if I fail, I will never ask for the opening slot again.' I relented. I also managed to convince Kapil and Azhar and told them I had full confidence in this kid's abilities. They agreed too.What happened the next day is history. He blasted 82 off 49 balls to leave the Kiwis stunned, and announced his arrival as the best ODI opener the game has ever seen. He started off with a straight drive which saw the ball speed to the boundary like a bullet, and never looked back. It was the finest exhibition of strokeplay you could see and it can easily be rated as one of the best ODI knocks ever.The Kiwi press went gaga over his knock the next day. It was Holi on that day (March 27) and Sachin's knock made it an even more colourful occasion for us.Leading from the front has always been Sachin's forte and Auckland was a fine example of that. We had seen that streak in him just a few months earlier too. The Hero Cup semifinal in Kolkata in November 1993 against South Africa will stay with me forever. Sachin, still only 20, took the responsibility of bowling the final over when South Africa needed just six runs to win.Azhar and me had decided that if it came down to the last over, we would ask Kapil to bowl it as he was our most experienced bowler. However, Azhar could make out that Kapil was a bit hesitant. Suddenly, Tendulkar snatched the ball from Kapil and said he wanted to bowl!Azhar looked at me in the dressing room and I nodded in approval, since I knew it was difficult to stop Sachin once he decides to do something! He completely bamboozled Allan Donald, making him waste four balls and ultimately gave away just three runs to fashion an incredible win for us. As a manager, you look for youngsters who are willing to take on responsibility and Sachin was a perfect example of that.I couldn't understand all the talk about his retirement plans. He knows exactly when to bow out. He doesn't need anyone to tell him that. He announced his ODI retirement quietly. He is without doubt the greatest ODI player ever.(Ajit Wadekar is a former India captain and manager. He spoke to Gaurav Gupta)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17736006", "title": "Chaos over Vaikuntha Ekadasi date", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Confusion reigned over the dates of Vaikuntha Ekadasi at the holy shrine of Lord Narasimha atop the Simhachalam hill as over 30,000 pilgrims lined up to get a glimpse of the Lord and take part in the auspicious puja on Sunday. They were in for a disappointment, as the temple management decided that the holy darshan would begin only on Monday morning.Sources at the Simhachalam Devasthanam said that thousands had thronged the temple hoping to get a glimpse of Lord Narasimha while passing through the north gate, which is kept open for darshan only on Vaikuntha Ekadasi.As per a temple official, the Vaikuntha Ekadasi celebrations would be held on Monday and pilgrims would get less than one-and-half hour to see the Lord in all his pomp and glory.Bhomal Patro and his family of four who reached the temple on Sunday were disappointed that they would have to wait till morning. Bodo Deo, another devotee who had come for the darshan from Sunki, near the Andhra Orissa border region, noted, \"There should have been prior intimation for pilgrims like us who travel long distances just for the holy darshan. This is one of the most important events at this temple and we do not understand why it is not being held today. All other temples have begun celebrations from Sunday,\" he said.\"Why is the Devasthanam Board conducting the Ekadasi celebrations on Monday, when many Vaishnavite temples (old town Venkateswaralayam and Ramalayam) are conducting the celebrations on Sunday,\" questions Bhomal Patro.According to the executive officer of Simhachalam temple, D Brahmaramba, the Vaikuntha Ekadasi celebrations in Simhachalam and other major Vaishnavite temples such as Dwaraka Tirumala (Chinna Tirupati), Bhadrachalam and Yadagirigutta would be held on Monday because they traditionally follow the Pancharathra Agama model, which is followed in Srirangam.\"The priests of Simhachalam consult the Srirangam scholars before deciding on when to conduct the special puja. Moreover, Vaikuntha Ekadasi does not start in the early hours of Sunday and hence, the decision\", the EO said.Regarding the inconvenience caused to many pilgrims, the EO maintained that they had made public their plans well in advance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17736926", "title": "Denizens warm up to Parade woolens", "text": "KANPUR: The sudden dip in temperature over the past three days has meant brisk business for sellers of woolen clothing at Parade market.Thronged by hundreds of buyers, who are indulging in heavy purchasing despite knowing that the items on sale are either second-hand or rejected, the roadside sellers are in fact running out of stocks. Some stall owners said they sold nearly 70% of their stock during the weekend.\"The last two days have been great for us. There is a heavy demand for woollen garments and accessories,\" said Gaurav, who were seen selling jackets in the Parade market. \"The initial days of this month were slightly gloomy. Many stall owners who used to come here every year opted for new businesses as the winters were relatively warm till last Thursday,\" said another seller, Durga Prasad.A stall owner said bargaining is a strict no-no here. There are fixed prices for each garment and they are cheaper than market rates anyway. Even college and schoolgoing kids are quite attracted to this stuff.\" Said Gyane, a stall owner. \"It is great fun to mix and match, and choose from the pile of clothes here. Some of these clothes are quite cool,\" said Shipra, a student found shopping in the market. Puja, who was seen buying sweaters for her seven-year-old daughter said the woolens sold here are both affordable and fancy.On the other hand, the rush at the market has posed a major challenge for traffic movement in the area. Despite being warned to make stalls and makeshift structures in one line only, the woollen garments sellers have encroached more then 70% of the road. However, the traffic cops are unable to do much as buyers are always swarming around the stalls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17742584", "title": "Santhanam's KLTA for Pongal", "text": "Santhanam's maiden production venture Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya (KLTA) starring himself, Sethu and Power Star Srinivasan is set to release for Pongal. The film which was to release in December initially has now been pushed for a Pongal release next year (January 13). Santhanam' s KLTA will be releasing for this Pongal in highest number of screens.KLTA is said to be a comedy film directed by Manikandan. It also stars VTV Ganesh in an important role and Vishakha plays the female lead. The film is believed to be a full-fledged comedy entertainer and has got 'U' certificate.The film is produced by Santhanam under his Handmade films banner and distributed by Udayanidhi Stalin while the music has been composed by Thaman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17741036", "title": "Another minor raped in Chhattisgarh, accused's father says 'hang him'", "text": "RAIPUR: Adding more fuel to the fire, yet another incident of rape has come to the fore where a minor girl of fourteen years was raped in Tilda, about 40 Kim's away from the state capital, on Saturday night.The minor resides at Tilda-Nevra locality with her family and was raped by Bacchu Tiwari, 24, who is the son of minor's landlord. Minor's father is a driver to a contractor's company of the under construction GMR plant.The incident took place when the girl's family and the landlord were sitting outside warming their hands in the burning woods to keep off the chill and shivers of winter season. It was around 9.45 pm that the girl's father went inside the house asking her to douse the fire.Waiting for the opportunity, the landlord's son, Bacchu Tiwari who was hiding behind the wall, on finding the girl alone, groped her and dragged her to a room. Soon the family and neighbours woke up to the screams of the minor girl and tried to break open the locked door. Later, the girl was found raped while the accused fled the spot.The case was registered only when the parents got scared on finding the girl bleeding profusely. According to the senior superintendent of police, Deepanshu Kabra, the accused was arrested late on Sunday in Abhanpur. It is said that Bacchu is a frequent offender.Strong protest from the residents was observed after the incident while the accused father, Vijay Tiwari, has appealed to take strict action against his son. \"Hang him,\" he told the agitated villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17736096", "title": "7-year-old raped in Panna district", "text": "BHOPAL: A seven-year-old girl was raped by a teenaged boy in Kakreti village of Panna district on Saturday evening. The victim was referred to district hospital, where her condition was stated to be critical.On Sunday, residents of three villages - Kakreti, Saleha and Gunnaur - observed bandh to protest against the incident and ghearoed Kotwali police station demanding 'public execution' of accused, citing that this was his second sexual offence.The 15-year-old accused was earlier arrested under the Section 354 (assault or criminal force to a woman with the intent to outrage her modesty) of the IPC in 2009. The incident took place when the girl - a class II student - was playing at her farm. The accused reportedly took her to a field and raped her. The matter came to light after she returned home profusely bleeding and told her parents about it. They lodged a complaint with the Kotwali police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741323", "title": "What\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s the fuss about the 100 crore club?", "text": "In the number game, Bollywood beats the Sensex to crunch in the maximum business with high grossing films that break all time records.Of late, the 100 crore club is being used by industry people to mark the success of a film at the box office. Relatively new to movie going audiences, this hype and hoopla about the film entering an exclusive money club is creating a new sort of awareness. Even fans are getting influenced by the large numbers that a movie rakes in during the opening weekend and over all money that it nets and final collections.Raj Kumar Hirani's 3 Idiots (2009) starring Aamir Khan created its own record with a total collection of 385 crores worldwide, making it the highest grossing Bollywood film ever. Following closely was Shahrukh Khan's ambitious proje ct Ra.One that made a total business of Rs 240 crores Nett at the worldwide box office. Not far behind was Kabir Khan's Ek Tha Tiger starring Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif in the lead. ETT has been the highest grossing film of 2012. The film slowly beat Ra.One 's record to take the no.2 spot by making 307 crores worldwide gross.In suit followed Atul Agnihotri's Bodyguard (2011) that made 230 crores and Dabangg (2010) that pulled in 215 crores. Expectations are riding high on Dabangg 2 to see if it will break ETT'S record or for that matter even 3 Idiot's record! Even Reema Kagti's Talaash has entered the 100 crore club finally.But what is this whole obsession about the exclusive crores club? Does this affect the audience's viewing experience in regard to the movie and the star? Or is this simply to hype a film in order to garner some publicity? Who profit's from this and does this really affect the business of Bollywood?Industry wallahs share their thoughts.Kabir Khan - If Ek Tha Tiger crossed 200 crores that's good, but I'm not going to make my next keeping in mind that it has to beat ETT's record. I never made this film thinking it has to be Salman's highest grosser.Atul Agnihotri- It's a great thing happening for the industry as a whole. Belonging to a 100 crore club talks about the star's potential and it also reveals the potential of the business. If one film can make 100+ crores, all films have the potential to achieve that. Even small budget films can reach there without much investment which is a healthy sign. Last year was a good run for the industry.Salman Khan- I'm not setting any records. I am working on something day by day.Akshay Kumar- Now, people are very organized. The films are making a business of 100 crores . Soon there will be a time when it will touch 400 crores.Katrina Kaif- I want my films to have something good for the audience. I don't discuss about 100 crores as it will be 150 crores or 200 crores too.Vashu Bhagnani- It's good that our industry is getting into the 100 crore club and we are doing business.Prabhu Deva- I like to entertain people, but I get scared as Rowdy Rathore made more than 100 crores worldwide and people have high expectations.Manoj Bajpai- It's good that films are doing well at the box office.Jimmy Shergill- Why not? I would love to belong to such a club. The way the audiences are responding, means even small films have scope. Times are changing. A big film of 100-200 crores will get even bigger and a small budget film made with a 5-10 crore budget will go up to 100 crores. I wish that happens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17736808", "title": "Prince Harry kills Taliban commander in Afghanistan", "text": "LONDON: Prince Harry who is an RAF helicopter pilot deployed in Afghanistan, has killed a Taliban leader in an airstrike, notching up his first 'kill', British media reported today.The 27-year-old, the third in line to the British throne, was called in to provide air support to troops tracking a commander-level Taliban chief and hit the target with a 100 lb Hellfire missile fired from an Apache helicopter.It is the first time the prince has been involved in a fatal airstrike against a Taliban commander, a report in The Sun said.According to the Daily Mail, the attack is said to have happened in late October, shortly after the prince returned to Afghanistan for his second deployment as gunship co-pilot.A defence insider said, \"We were on patrol and the Apache helicopters were called in. We heard this posh voice come over the radio and knew it was Big H. They were tracking a Taliban leader - he was commander-level.\"Captain Harry Wales - as he is known in the Army - is a co-pilot gunner in the Apache unit which has the highest 'kill rate' in the war.As the co-pilot gunner, Harry commands missions, fires the weapons, navigates and sometimes take over the controls.The two-crew gunship - nicknamed the 'flying tank' - is used by UK forces in Afghanistan to smash the Taliban, gather intelligence and provide support for soldiers on the ground.Harry learned to fly Apache helicopters during an 18-month training course in February.A spokesman for the Ministry of Defence said, \"We do not comment on an individual's deployment in Afghanistan.\"Harry was keen to return to Afghanistan after his first tour of duty was cut short in 2008.The prince had been secretly deployed with the Household Cavalry as a forward air controller directing bombing strikes against insurgents for ten weeks.His time there was cut short when news of his presence was leaked on foreign websites and he was brought back to Britain.However, Harry was so determined to do another tour of duty that he retrained as an Apache pilot in the hope it would increase his chances of being redeployed.The prince's current tour of duty in Afghanistan is for four months and in his words, the Apache attack helicopter is simply 'awesome'.Designed to hunt and destroy tanks, the fearsome Apache is capable of flying at 205 mph and boasts a mix of weapons including a wing-mounted aerial rocket, Hellfire laser-guided missiles and a 30 mm chain gun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17737633", "title": "Gold chains worth Rs 11.7L stolen in Aundh", "text": "PUNE: An unidentified youth fled with a pouch containing 23 gold chains worth Rs 11.70 lakh from a jewellery shop at Sanghvinagar in Aundh on Saturday morning.A complaint has been lodged by Jitendra Mangtani of Aundh with the Chatushrungi police station. Assistant inspector M N Walekar said that incident took place around 11.45 am.The complainant's brother, Nilesh Mangtani, said the incident happened within 15 minutes of his brother opening the shop. \"My brother was alone at the counter, while our employee was in the room behind.\"Mangtani said that a man came to the shop and asked for a gold chain. \"My brother took out a pouch of chains and showed one to the suspect. However, he told my brother to show another chain as the one shown was out of his budget,\" he said.He said that his brother kept the pouch inside the glass display counter. While he was taking out another pouch, the suspect picked up the previous one and fled. \"His accomplice was waiting for him on a two-wheeler,\" Mangtani said.He said that the CCTV inside the shop was not switched on as the shop had just opened for the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17737982", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Satyam Choudhary defies Mumbai", "text": "INDORE: Young Satyam Choudhary was under tremendous pressure before the game. There was expectation from him, especially after doing so well for Madhya Pradesh in Under-22 category last year.His exploits even earned him the prestigious MA Chidambaram Trophy for his performances in 2011-12. However, he struggled to get going in the previous four matches and was dropped eventually. After being recalled, the 22-year-old justified the faith of team management with a gutsy unbeaten 73 that kept MP alive against Mumbai in their Ranji Trophy Group 'A' league match here at the Holkar Stadium in Indore.Up against the likes of Zaheer Khan and Ajit Agarkar, Choudhary showed a lot of character when the MP's big guns struggled on a lively wicket. The hosts ended Day 2 at 191-5 after another bright talent\u00e2\u20ac\u201dKaustubh Pawar (111*, 323b, 16x4)\u00e2\u20ac\u201dcarried his bat through to help Mumbai post 304 in their first innings, which was looking difficult after they lost four quick wickets in the first hour.The new ball did the trick for MP as Anand Rajan struck twice in four balls to send back Ankeet Chavan (44) and Ajit Agarkar. Except for No.11 Javed Khan (27, 35b, 3x4, 1x6), who hit some lusty blows during the 42-run last wicket stand, the lower order hardly offer any resistance. Ishwar Pandey completed his five wicket haul with Zaheer's wicket. Pandey, eventually ended with 6 wickets for 54 runs.Mumbai did well with the new ball. In form Jalaj Saxena started off with a glorious cover drive but had no answer to Agarkar's unplayable outswinder. Naman Ojha looked in great touch and played some classy cover drives off Zaheer but Agarkar removed with a similar delivery just after lunch. Zaheer then made his presence felt. The left-armer castled skipper Devendra Bundela with a brilliant delivery that opened him up.Choudhary, at the other end, was a picture of composure. He got hit on the head by Agarkar and then later on Zaheer tested his skills during his last spell. He got hit on the hand twice by Zaheer, took a blow on elbow but showed his will to hang in there while wickets were falling around him. He had small partnerships with Udit Birla and Rahul Bakshi but both got out after getting their eye in. MP's hope now rest on the duo of Choudhary and Harpreet Singh. They have added 37 for the sixth wicket so far.On the other hand, shoddy fielding continued to haunt Mumbai. They dropped some straight forward chances and that could prove costly for them. Jaffer dropped a straight forward chance at second slip to give reprieve Birla early on. Bakshi was grassed by Hiken Shah at first slip off Zaheer while wicketkeeper Aditya Tare and Shah watched the edge going between them that brought Chouhdary's maiden first class fifty. Zaheer and Agarkar bowled much better than those figures suggested. A bit of help from the fielders, those figures could have more numbers in the wicket column.SCOREBOARDMumbai (1st Innings, overnight 235-5): Kaustubh Pawar not out 111, Ankeet Chavan c sub (Z Ali) b Rajan 44, Ajit Agarkar c sub (Z Ali) 0, Iqbal Abadulla c Bakshi b A Singh 5, Zaheer Khan c Ojha b Pandey 2, Javed Khan c Saxena b Pandey 27.Extras: (b 4, lb 5, nb 7, w 4) 20.Total: (all out, 112.2 overs) 304.Fall of wickets: 1-27, 2-41, 3-109, 4-155, 5-155, 6-249, 7-251, 8-260, 9-262.Bowling: Ishwar Pandey 27.2-7-54-6, Anand Rajan 25.3-13-70-3 (7nb, 3w), Amarjeet Singh 27.3-13-75-1, Ankit Sharma 16-3-46-0, Harpreet Singh 3-0-20-0, Jalaj Saxena 13-4-30-0.MP (1st Innings): Naman Ojha c Tare b Agarkar 26, Jalaj Saxena c Tare b Agarkar 4, Satyam Choudhary batting 73, Devendra Bundela b Zaheer 8, Udit Birla lbw b Nayar 27, Rahul Bakshi c Tare b Abdulla 17, Harpreet Singh batting 26.Extras: (lb 8, w 1, nb 1) 10.Total: (5 wkts, 60 overs) 191.Fall of wickets: 1-8, 2-55, 3-71, 4-118, 5-154Bowling: Zaheer Khan 17-3-56-1, Ajit Agarkar 15-4-43-2, Javed Khan 11-2-29-0, Ankeet Chavan 3-0-12-0, Abhishek Nayar 10-1-34-1, Iqbal Abdulla 4-1-9-1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17738068", "title": "Mangalore's unofficial traffic cop", "text": "Mangalore: There are no holidays or pleasure trips for this self-appointed traffic cop. Nelson Anil Mascarenhas, 35, school van driver, has been voluntarily managing traffic in different parts of the city. His is the familiar face school children or senior citizens search for when they want to cross the road. He is their traffic jam buster minus the khaki and white uniform that his counterparts in the traffic wing of Mangalore City Traffic Police sport. Nothing can stress one out more than bad traffic. Come rain or shine, Nelson has been the man to count on when it comes to crossing the road. For the past seven years, he has been manning traffic every day for nearly six hours. Whenever there is a massive traffic jam at places like Nanthoor or Balmatta, Nelson makes his appearance and helps police in controlling traffic. Nelson is living a childhood dream that he could not fulfill. He wanted to become a cop, but could realize his dream as he he could not complete his SSLC. Nelson is a driver with St Agnes School for the past 12 years. He lives with his parents - Alex Mascarenhas, a retired ward boy of Father Muller Hospital and Juliana Mascarenhas and his seven sisters. Nelson also alerts police and police on road accident victims. He is known to help cool frayed nerves during traffic jams or when there is a case of road rage. Nelson says he started managing traffic to help policemen, who are on their feet from morning to evening without any rest. \"I feel uncomfortable when I see a traffic jam because most people are in a hurry to reach their offices or homes. So much time is wasted at traffic jams,\" he added. Policemen are also human beings, they get tired for standing for long hours in the blazing heat, he says. As a school van driver Nelson, who strictly follows traffic rules has never jumped a signal or been involved in a single accident in his career. Traffic density has increased in the city, and city planners need to widen roads and find a solution to acute shortage of parking space in and around the city, he says. A few months ago police officials attached to Mangalore East (Kadri) police station felicitated Nelson for helping them and the public in maintaining smooth flow of traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17736165", "title": "HC orders daily hearings in all sexual assault cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid the public outrage over the gang rape of a 23-year-old student, the Delhi high court on Sunday directed the trial courts to conduct \"day-to-day proceedings\" in all the cases of sexual assault on women.The HC, which had earlier taken suo motu cognizance of the incident, for the first time issued a statement informing about the action taken by it to ensure speedy justice.The court said that the recent \"brutal gang rape\" incident in the capital has \"shaken\" the entire nation. \"... the administrative committee (of HC) has resolved to issue directions to all additional sessions judges in Delhi that cases of sexual assault on women will be tried on day-to-day basis from the date of commencement of the trial,\" the registrar general of the high court said in a statement on Sunday.The release also informed that a bench headed by Chief Justice D Murugesan has already taken \"suo motu cognizance\" of the incident on the \"judicial side\".\"The recent brutal gang rape in Delhi has shaken the entire nation. There is widespread outrage in the capital and the Delhi high court has also taken a very serious view of the matter. The Delhi high court has already taken suo motu cognizance of the matter on the judicial side...,\" it said.The HC administrative committee, headed by the chief justice, has already accepted the Delhi government's proposal to establish five special fast track courts to deal with sexual assaults cases against women, it said. The steps would be taken to operationalize them after the winter vacation.Meanwhile, the lawyers' body at Saket district courts here passed a resolution urging advocates not to represent any accused in the case as the offence committed allegedly by them was \"inhuman and barbaric\". \"It is a heinous act done against a woman and no member of the Bar Association will represent the accused,\" said Rajpal Kasana, president, Saket Court Bar Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741496", "title": "Vindu Dara Singh's new profession in 2013?", "text": "Who would have thought that Vindu Dara Singh could do something else besides look all wooden and silly in movies. He was recently seen in the movie Son of Sardar (noticed his all new cosmetically enhanced set of teeth?)The fact that cooking can be fun had never crossed his mind until he was forced to cook at the reality show Bigg Boss 3. And since then, there has been no looking back for this actor.However, when the makers of a new reality show that has cooking as its theme, titled Welcome approached him for cooking he was not too keen on it. But then his wife Dina who is a great cook advised him to participate and Vindu decided to give it a try. He couldn't believe that he actually managed to cook and the dish turned out to be yummy. Now Vindu wants to cook more often. We wish him the best - maybe his career as a cook will fare better than his acting stunts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17739470", "title": "Delhi gang rape victim's father appeals for calm", "text": "NEW DELHI: An emotional father of the Delhi gangrape victim tonight appealed to the protesters to stop vandalism and help police in bringing the culprits to justice at the earliest.He also appealed to the people to pray for his 23-year-old daughter, who is fighting for her life at a city hospital.\"My daughter is stable now. She is conscious. I appeal to all to refrain from vandalism and help the police so that the process of capturing and sentencing the culprits is successful,\" he told a TV news channel.The victim's father said the fighting capacity in his daughter still remains the same.\"The capability to live and fight on is still the same in my daughter. Please pray to God that my daughter recovers. Vandalism will do no good. I appeal to you don't cause any damage so that both you and I can carry on in peace. No words can describe how brave my girl is,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "network", "code": "17736952", "title": "'Indianized' carols usher in Yuletide spirit", "text": "NETWORK: With the city's children eagerly waiting for Santa Claus and their parents making last-minute preparations to celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ with family and friends, the city is wholly and fervently soaked in the spirit of Christmas, both a widely observed sacred religious holiday and an unmatched cultural and commercial phenomenon.The joyful singing of Christmas carols began almost a week ago as people of all ages rehearsed 'Joy to the world,' 'Silent night', and 'Rudolf, the red nosed reindeer' in their homes. \"Christmas is a festival of love and brotherhood, and is incomplete without the singing of carols,\" said Anu Loyal, a resident of Kakadeo. For Alisha Patteson, \"Carol singing spreads the blissful message of the coming of the son of God. In the biting cold, as people huddle together around bonfires and lazily slip under blankets, carols are a call for them to rejoice and join the celebrations.\"With Christmas being celebrated with traditions and practices that are both religious and secular in nature, it is no wonder that the festival an increasing number of non-Christians also partake in the festivities. \"Carol singing provides warmth to the heart. I couldn't see any reason for not experiencing such pious joy,\" said Shyam Nagar resident Raunak.And as it happens with most other things in the country, the city's Christian inhabitants, settled here from across the country, have adapted and contextualized carols according to their local culture and linguistic preferences. And hence, Christmas carols can be heard being rehearsed in languages like Bengali, Marathi and Tamil. 'Natal Cha San,' which translates as 'Christmas Season', is composed in Marathi while 'Moza Aao Che' is a carol composed in Bengali.\"In the recent years, old carols have also been given a contemporary touch. For example, our rock version of 'Joy to the world' is really popular,\" said Kalyanpur resident Sam.Meanwhile, the city's bakeries are struggling to meet the great demand of cakes, which are integral to any celebration. The high prices are no deterrent to the buyers, and some of the bakers said they've had to double their output to match the demand.\"There is a terrific demand this year for plum cakes, chocolate cakes and walnut cakes. Even apple and yoghurt pies and dry fruit donuts are in great demand,\" informed Deepti, who works at a renowned bakery in Naveen market. She said bookings for Christmas cakes began from the first week of December.Several buyers provide the raw material themselves, and only use the baking expertise of the bakeries. Most of these cakes are given as presents to friends and relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17737236", "title": "Harassed by neighbourhood boy, girl ends life in Kota", "text": "JAIPUR: Depressed over continued eve-teasing by a boy residing in the neighborhood, a 17-year-old girl committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling of her house in Mahaveer Nagar locality in Kota district on Sunday. The parents of the victim have lodged a case of abetment of suicide against the boy who was arrested. The police have also added sections of SC/ST (prevention of atrocities) Act as the girl belongs to a scheduled caste.The victim, a resident of Subhash Marg at Mahaveer Nagar was staying with her parents while the accused, Kartik Goyal (18), was also staying in the same locality.Talking to TOI on Sunday over phone from Kota, her father Satyendra Nayak said: \"The boy was continuously troubling my daughter. On Friday, when nobody was at home, he came to our house and said that she should marry him or he will die. In the evening, my daughter told about it to my wife and our family spoke to the family of the boy.\"\"However, rather than apologizing, they stated that the boy will repeat whatever he was doing, my wife and daughter went to the police station and registered a complaint against the boy. The police did not arrest him on Friday but arrested him the next day after my daughter committed suicide,\" Satyendra said.He urged the police to find out what was the threat given to his daughter by the boy that made her take extreme step.\"The boy was not present at home on Friday evening. We asked his family to send him to the police station so that we can ask him about his role in this matter. However, on Saturday the girl committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling at her residence. The father of the victim has lodged an FIR against the boy for abetment of suicide,\" said Vijay Sharma, station house officer, Mahaveer Nagar.Senior officers, sensing seriousness in the case, have asked the deputy superintendent of police, Kota city, Sanjay Gupta to investigate the matter.\"Prima facie it was found that the girl had an acquaintance with the accused. On Friday, after some confrontation, the girl along with her mother came to the police station and stated that the boy was troubling them. The girl in her statement had said that the boy was pressurizing her to marry. A day after the girl committed suicide. It is a case of abetment of suicide and the accused has been arrested,\" Gupta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "khunti", "code": "17738598", "title": "Kin of lynched 'eve-teasers' seek relief", "text": "KHUNTI: Family members of the four youths and a middle-aged man who were stoned to death by a mob at Manho village of Khunti district on Saturday are demanding compensation. The family members, who received the bodies after the postmortem on Sunday, tried to block the main road for compensation near the government hospital here.Officer in charge of Khunti police station Taleshwar Ram said, \"The kin have been provided with woods to organize the last rites of the deceased. We would try to get them compensation which is provided according to the government norms on Monday.\"Meanwhile, two persons escaped the mob fury on Saturday. Vishnu Nayak and Chhatu Lal claimed that they were among the agitated crowd but managed to escape.\"My brother Ram was chased for 2 km by the mob and killed on Saturday,\" said Vishnu. Chhatu Lal is a relative of Pappu Prasad, 19, Jitendra Prasad alias Pappu Prasad 19who along with his father Mahendra Prasad were killed in Saturday's incident. Lal has lodged an FIR in this connection with Khunti police station.Four boys and a middle-aged man in tribal dominated Manho village were stoned and caned to death by a mob comprising women. One of them was sent to jail in a rape case in 2011 and was released on bail three months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17738659", "title": "Admn promises better infrastructure for Jhumra", "text": "BOKARO: More than 500 residents of Maoist-hit Jhumra hill under Gomia Block had a good time on Christmas with administration officials arriving there with a bunch of gifts on Sunday.DC Bokaro Sunil Kumar along with IG (North Chottangapur zone) M L Meena, DIG (coal belt region) Laxman Prasad Singh, SP Bokaro Kuldeep Dwivedi, CRPF commandant (26 Battalion) Sanjay Kumar Singh, and other officials interacted with the villagers and come about their suffering organizing Janta Durbar at Jhumra.Kumar promised the villagers a host of developments, including better roads, electricity and water supply, health facilities and other benefits.Jhumra hill, which comprises over half a dozen villages, including Jamnijara, Paanatad, Baltharwa, Aman and Jhumra, used to be one of the most dreaded Maoist zone some years back.Maoists taking advantage of the hilly terrain covered with dense forest hold their training camp at Jhumra village. It is situated atop Jhumra hill, about 12 kms from the base Rehawan village.In the past few years, Jhumra witnessed development with electricity reaching every home, water tanks being installed, schools and other such institutions coming up here. Though a lot has been done, there is still scope for development. Villagers participating in the Janta Durbar complained to Kumar about the poor medical facilities with no doctors or ANM's coming here. Kumar, however, directed civil surgeon S N Tewary to make the medical facilities available to them at the earliest. He also asked them to come up with clinics deploying ANM at a room lying unused in the Upgraded Middle School.Thw Janta Durbar witness a medical camp, distribution of blankets, pensions, Indira Awas and other benefits to the villagers. The administration had earlier provided BPL cards to almost all the villagers residing in the hill. \"Listening to their complains about water crisis, I directed officials to install more water tanks and a pond at Jhumra village,\" said Kumar.The villagers also complained about the dearth of teachers at the village school. Kumar asked the education department official to provide one more para-teacher to the school. The school with a strength of 127 students has only three para-teachers.\"Around 12 kms road which is under-construction will also be completed soon. The road will connect Jhumra from base camp Rehawan and pass though the villages of Paanataad, Jamnijara,\" said Kumar. He also assessed security arrangements in the CRPF camp and lauded the work of security personnels.Bokaro: Security personnel playing cricket match during anti-Naxalite operation may sound strange. But this has indeed happened in Jhumra hill, a Maoist zone in Gomia block of the district, on SundayThe place, where the security personnel used to conduct anti-Naxalite search operations till a few days ago, has seen senior police and administrative officials playing cricket with the villagers. Jhumra hill, situated about 72 km from the district headquarters, drew a large number of people to see the match.The cricket teams comprise IG (North Chottangapur sone) M L Meena, DIG (coal belt region) Laxman Prasad Singh, Bokaro DC Sunil Kumar, Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi, CRPFs' 26 Battalion commandant Sanjay Kumar Singh and other CRPF and Jharkhand Armed Police (JAP) personnel. Local youths were also part of the teams.The cricket match was not just simply a sporting event but it also sends a signal that the era of terror in Jhumra is ending and peace and prosperity returning to the area. Jhumra, which once known to be the Maoist headquarters, has witnessed several deadly encounters, recovery of landmines, Naxalite training camps, arresting of Maoists and several other incidents.The villagers keenly participating in the match is also an achievement for the security force as earlier the local people used to flee seeing the policemen fearing torture. \"Today's cricket match has become a history in Jhumra. Playing cricket has developed a lot of confidence among the villagers and they come more closed to the men in khaki,\" said Dwivedi.The cricket match was organized after Union home secretary Raj Kumar Singh cancelled his Jhumra visit. The civil and police officials, who were in Jhumra related to the visit, decided to continue with the \"janta durbar\" and interacted with villagers instead of cancelling the event.Before holding the \"janta durbar\", police and CRPF officers hosted a cricket match and later distributed cricket kits, footballs, volleyballs and others to the youths. The match drew many youths to the ground who also played with the officials.The residents enjoyed the sight of Meena, Kumar, Dwivedi, Singh hitting the ball well and bowling. Meena, Dwivedi and Singh got out after making 10-14 runs while Kumar hit a few more. Deputy commandant Rajneesh Kumar made the highest 27 runs. Rajneesh and Dwivedi took the maximum wickets. The DIG was made the empire.\"The match was just amazing as the villagers also played with us. They also played well and bowled several police personnel. They like our visit and asked to come again soon,\" said Dwivedi. Meanwhile, the day also witnessed volleyball match between JAP and CRPF personnel. The police officers also enjoyed carom match in which DIG outshone everyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17736251", "title": "Civic body to cancel Gammon building order", "text": "BHOPAL: Citing delay in payment of Narmada cess, Bhopal municipal corporation (BMC) will cancel building permission of Gammon India Limited this week, BMC officials said. \"Gammon India has failed to pay the Narmada tax worth Rs 1.26 crore to the corporation. We had also issued a notice to the company to pay the outstanding tax in three days failing which the corporation would take action under the Madhya Pradesh municipal corporation act 1956,\" BMC additional commissioner G P Mali told TOI.\"Under the act, we will cancel their building permission till the time the company would pay the due tax,\" he added. The state government awarded the TT Nagar project to Gammon India Limited in 2008. This is the highest price paid for government land in Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17736431", "title": "Govt should form fast track courts on rape cases: Prashant Bhushan", "text": "PATNA: The Central government should work towards formation of fast track courts for the speedy trial of all rape cases in the country as this will not only bring some revolution in the judicial system but will also help victims getting proper justice in time. This was the view of renowned Supreme Court lawyer and social activist Prashant Bhushan at the national convention on 'Right to Recall' here on Sunday. The convention was organized by Janmukti Sangharsh Vahini.He said the role of police and lawmakers is of utmost importance in any part of the country as police function on the basis of law framed by lawmakers. \"The sooner the government forms fast track courts on rape cases, the better the police will take such incidents to a logical end,\" former senior member Team Anna said, adding the political parties should also think on not giving party tickets to criminals to fight elections.Bhushan, while talking about 'Right to Recall', said the talk of democracy is hollow and void without the right to recall. \"Our party's (Aam Aadmi Party) aim is to make the original meaning of democracy a reality. Our vision is to create a new system in which decentralization, right to recall and right to reject will be an important aspect,\" he said.The lawyer further said the 'right to recall' is a proposed law which would allow voters to recall their candidates before their term end and request Election Commission for fresh election. \"People at the Centre should not make a fuss of the proposal if they feel that democracy is the best system for the country and they are in favour of it,\" Bhushan said.Describing the present democracy as \"limited democracy\", he said that like Israel, Japan and Holland, people in India have no role in making norms and their implementation. \"Decentralized straightforward democracy\", he said, \"is the only solution to the problem of corruption.\"JD-U MP Shivanand Tiwari said that there is a provision of 'right to recall' in the three-tier panchayati raj system. \"However it is seldom used. There is a need to experiment with it on the grassroot democracy. If successful, it can be experimented with in the assemblies and Parliament,\" said Tiwari.Talking about the Lokpal of his party, Bhushan said it will be free of the control of the Centre. \"Any member of our Lokpal can be sued by any person despite having an independent entity. Its working will be transparent as details of all investigations will be loaded on its website,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17740863", "title": "Beypore port to get major security upgrade", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Beypore port, the second largest port in the state after Kochi, is all set for a major security upgrade.The move follows the recent audit of port security done at the port to ensure compliance with established security protocols. A high level delegation headed by Vice Admiral Satish Sony, Flag Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Southern Naval Command, had isited the Beypore port on December 13.Under the first phase of the project, the port premises will have a high end security surveillance system complete with a CCTV network which will be able to record and digitally store the footage of all the activities happening in the port. Surveillance equipment worth Rs 2 crore will be installed at the port.The project will be implemented under a scheme that aims at boosting security infrastructure at all the minor ports across the country.Baggage scanning equipment, door frame and hand held metal detectors and vehicle barrier systems will also be installed at the port. Night vision binocular systems will also be procured to closely monitor the movement of ships.Beypore Port Officer Abraham Kuriakose said that once the project is complete, Beypore will have a world class security cover.Fencing will be carried out around the port at a cost of Rs 31 lakh. A radar system is also planned to be installed at the port at a later stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17737490", "title": "Accused kept watch on victim", "text": "VADODARA: Investigations in the rape of a 13-year-old minor at Anand have revealed that the accused had kept a watch on her home before waiting for an opportune moment to rape her. The girl was raped on Thursday and the accused was arrested by Anand police on Saturday.Investigations by the police have revealed that the accused Riyazsha Diwan, 25, used to frequent a kiosk selling tobacco products opposite the residence of the victim. Diwan, who used to stay near the victim's home, is married and has one child.\"He used to keep a close watch on the victim's residence. When he spotted her alone as her grandparents were not at home, he entered the house and bolted its doors from inside and raped the victim,\" said Anand police inspector P K Deora.Deora added that the accused had been sent to judicial custody. His semen sample has been collected.In another incident, the semen sample of Keshavraj Joshi, who allegedly raped a two-year-old girl in Halol, could not be collected.Police officers said he would be presented in the court once the sample was collected. They added that the condition of the girl, who was admitted at SSG Hospital here, was stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17737300", "title": "Pak delegates visit Jaipur Jewellery Show 2012", "text": "JAIPUR: The ongoing Jaipur Jewellery Show 2012 at the Rajmahal Palace lawns is witnessing a spark of an altogether different kind with the footfall also showing a swell all because of the \"Sparkle of the diamonds\" theme.A large number of visitors to the exposition came to witness show which offers an array of great diamond creations all under one large roof. \"I and my friend Simone have come from France and we planned our trip to be in Jaipur for the JJS. Look even my mobile has the 'Diamonds Are For Ever' lyrics as ringtone. It's a spectacular show where rubies, tanzanite, emeralds and other sparkling gemstones could be seen marrying the king of all - diamonds,\" said Maria Giovinni, an Italian working in a multinational company in Milan. Sunday also witnessed a 21-member Pakistani delegate team visit JJS. Mehul Durlabji informed that students of three institutes from Pakistan met the exhibitors and obtained information about diamond jewellery during the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17736175", "title": "Thane school holds classes in container", "text": "THANE: A shipping container has been transformed into a classroom for 34 students of a Gujarati-medium municipal school in Naupada area here, raising eyebrows about the Thane civic administration's commitment to primary education of the deprived sections.The students, most of whom are children of maids, have been attending classes inside the container for the last two weeks as the dilapidated building, which housed their school, was recently pulled down.\"We were forced to evacuate the premises as the Thane Municipal Corporation had declared the school building dangerous for occupation,\" a school official TOI. \"The builder redeveloping the structure promised to relocate us to another building in Kopri but the faculty and the school administration refused the offer as such a move would have inconvenienced the students, many of whom may not have travelled the distance to attend classes.\"As an alternative, the developer is said to have stationed a container on the old premises. The container was refurbished to ensure there was adequate lighting and ventilation. The interiors were done up to give it a feel of a classroom. and infrastructure like benches and desks was installed.A school official said the present arrangement was temporary and will last till they get a new location in the vicinity.Class ApartThe building housing a Gujarati-medium school in Naupada is declared dangerous for occupation and is pulled downThe builder redeveloping the structure offers to relocate the school to another building in Kopri but the educational institute refuses, saying such a move would inconvenience studentsThe builder then stations a refurbished container on the premises to double as classroomFor the last two weeks, 34 students have been attending classes in the container", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17737307", "title": "Govt yet to file counter on Teachers Recruitment Board petitions", "text": "MADURAI: The state government is yet to file its counter on nearly 100 writ petitions pending before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court challenging the selection process of the Teachers Recruitment Board.The TRB had published a notification on February 28 for the direct recruitment to the post of Post Graduate Assistants. As many as 1,43,021 candidates attended the written examination held on May 27 for 1,500 vacancies. Of this, 6,267 candidates were called for certificate verification. Subsequently, a provisional selection list containing names of 1,150 candidates was released.Meanwhile, candidates whose names were not in the provisional selection list and certificate verification list filed writ petitions before the Madurai bench challenging the notification on various grounds.The petitions have been split into 14 different categories, including equivalent degrees, error in key answers, cross majors, dual degrees, failure of production of original documents at the time of certificate verification, lack of transparency in fixing the cut-off marks etc. Among these, 33 petitions were in the category of equivalent degrees, seeking direction to the TRB to consider petitioners' degrees as equivalent to the degrees prescribed by the board.The petitions sought to consider Bachelor of Business Economics as BA (Economics), BA (Communicative English) as BA (English), M.Sc (Space Physics) as M.Sc (Physics), M.Sc (Applied Maths) as M.Sc (Maths) etc.Among other petitions, six were in the category of error in key answers, three in cross majors, four in dual degrees, 16 in failure of producing originals, three in lack of transparency in fixing of cut-off marks.Hearings on all the petitions have been adjourned by the high court bench and the government is yet to file any counters to these petitions. An officer of TRB said a meeting will be convened soon in Chennai to discuss all issues related to the selection process, including the pending writ petitions in the Madras high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17738547", "title": "DU's vision document focuses on skill", "text": "Delhi University is going to have a special academic council (AC) meeting on December 24 to consider passing the proposed structure of the fouryear undergraduate programme, which is to be implemented from the next academic session. The AC, which comprises 26 elected faculty members, all heads of departments and 15 principals in rotation , will be presiding over the set of recommendations issued on the structure of the new scheme by the 61-member taskforce, the committee set up by DU, to bring in the said reforms.The recommendations on the proposed scheme will first go through the AC for approval, and the final version will then be sent to the executive council (EC) for its consent. \"Presenting the recommendations in the special meeting is just the first step, the actual challenge of formulating the syllabi begins after that. Once the recommendations have been cleared by both the councils, teachers will begin working on framing the course content,\" says Pradumn Kumar, principal of Hindu College. It is important, he further says, that the curriculum is student-friendly in relevance to the changing needs of today's world scenario. We can bring in a number of innovations in order to make sure that the course content is flexible and offers various elements within each discipline. For example , forensic sciences can be included as a paper in sciences or a bit of anthropology, which is a niche subject, can be incorporated in sociology.The 'vision document' of the university on the proposed fouryear degree lays emphasis on skill-development , greater flexibility, transparency and personalitygrowth of students during the undergraduate period. Multi-entry and exit points have also been recommended to ensure students have enough study options. However, SK Garg, principal of Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College and an AC member believes the final recommendations still have to be worked out in detail. \"The recommendations are not in a concrete form at present. I have seen power-point presentations of the reforms suggested, but they have to be put in print before being finalised in the meeting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17736569", "title": "When teachers behave like cops", "text": "KOCHI: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has directed schools affiliated to it in the state to rein in teachers who act prudish, if not downright moralising, in the guise of developing proper 'attitude' among students.Sample these instances, as revealed by two different school authorities:*A boy and girl are found talking on the school campus, which raises the teacher's suspicion. She warns the two to stay away from each other and stop talking on the school premises. But a few hours later, she again sees them together. Upset, she makes an anecdotal entry in their co-scholastic report card stating they are disobedient and indulging in improper behaviour in the school.*A teacher keeps a watch on how girl students are dressed in school. If someone deviates even a little from the uniform prescribed, she gives them a dressing down. Later, she enters in the record that the student has attitudinal problem and lacks moral value.Following a survey on school-based assessment under the Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) programme , the CBSE diktat warned, \"Constant surveillance of students' behaviour in threatening ways is highly undesirable in schools and teachers should be advised to refrain from such practices under all circumstances.\"K Unnikrishnan, president of Confederation of Kerala Sahodaya Complexes, conceded that many schools and teachers are overdoing the moral part. \"Like a policeman, many teachers are always on the watch trying to find faults with students to create evidence of students' behaviour to assess their co-scholastic aspects at the end of the year. This definitely has a negative impact on students,\" he said.Educationists admit it is high time teachers play a positive role and stop finding faults with students and persecute them in the name of 'values'. \"That teachers have an important role in character formation of students is unquestionable. However, the problem usually is that teachers themselves may have skewed or antiquated values,\" said noted educationist R V G Menon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17737084", "title": "2 held in Junagadh sadhu murder case", "text": "Rajkot: Two accused have been arrested for their alleged involvement in the murder of Rambharti Bapu in Junagadh on Friday.Bapu, a priest of Khetaliya temple, was shot dead near Zanjarda village by history-sheeter Jusab Allarakha over a piece of land that the former had bought on the highway. Allarakha had recently come out of jail where he was being held in a murder case.\"We arrested Sikander Suleman Ala and Athiya Salim on Saturday night in connection with the murder. There are five accused in the case and the others too would be nabbed soon,\" said Dipanker Trivedi, superintendent of police, Junagadh district.Junagadh town had observed a bandh on Saturday to protest the murder and to demand the arrest of the accused. Thousands of agitated sadhus took out a rally and also staged a dharna in front of the district collectorate. Vishwa Hindu Parishad and Bajrang Dal activists also took part in the protest along with BJP MLA Mahendra Mashru. A few sadhus have stopped consuming food and water until all the accused are arrested, sources said.Police are questioning the two accused and also formed several teams to nab the remaining culprits. \"The exact motive behind the murder will be known only after the arrest of prime accused Jusab Allarakha,\" Trivedi told TOI.Police are investigating whether Jusab had anything to do with the land or if he had been given a contract to kill Rambharti Bapu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17738596", "title": "Cricket match in Maoist battleground brings people closer to cops", "text": "BOKARO: Security personnel playing cricket match during anti-Naxalite operation may sound strange. But this has indeed happened in Jhumra hill, a Maoist zone in Gomia block of the district, on SundayThe place, where the security personnel used to conduct anti-Naxalite search operations till a few days ago, has seen senior police and administrative officials playing cricket with the villagers. Jhumra hill, situated about 72 km from the district headquarters, drew a large number of people to see the match.The cricket teams comprise IG (North Chottangapur sone) M L Meena, DIG (coal belt region) Laxman Prasad Singh, Bokaro DC Sunil Kumar, Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi, CRPFs' 26 Battalion commandant Sanjay Kumar Singh and other CRPF and Jharkhand Armed Police (JAP) personnel. Local youths were also part of the teams.The cricket match was not just simply a sporting event but it also sends a signal that the era of terror in Jhumra is ending and peace and prosperity returning to the area. Jhumra, which once known to be the Maoist headquarters, has witnessed several deadly encounters, recovery of landmines, Naxalite training camps, arresting of Maoists and several other incidents.The villagers keenly participating in the match is also an achievement for the security force as earlier the local people used to flee seeing the policemen fearing torture. \"Today's cricket match has become a history in Jhumra. Playing cricket has developed a lot of confidence among the villagers and they come more closed to the men in khaki,\" said Dwivedi.The cricket match was organized after Union home secretary Raj Kumar Singh cancelled his Jhumra visit. The civil and police officials, who were in Jhumra related to the visit, decided to continue with the \"janta durbar\" and interacted with villagers instead of cancelling the event.Before holding the \"janta durbar\", police and CRPF officers hosted a cricket match and later distributed cricket kits, footballs, volleyballs and others to the youths. The match drew many youths to the ground who also played with the officials.The residents enjoyed the sight of Meena, Kumar, Dwivedi, Singh hitting the ball well and bowling. Meena, Dwivedi and Singh got out after making 10-14 runs while Kumar hit a few more. Deputy commandant Rajneesh Kumar made the highest 27 runs. Rajneesh and Dwivedi took the maximum wickets. The DIG was made the empire.\"The match was just amazing as the villagers also played with us. They also played well and bowled several police personnel. They like our visit and asked to come again soon,\" said Dwivedi. Meanwhile, the day also witnessed volleyball match between JAP and CRPF personnel. The police officers also enjoyed carom match in which DIG outshone everyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17735758", "title": "Dog show makes Ahmedabad go wow wow!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: He cannot sleep without the luxury of the air-conditioner and needs food three times a day, the bills for which easily run up to more than Rs 5,000 a month. His accessories and trainers add more to his family's logistics and expenses lists. We are not talking about the lot of the pampered children but of prized dogs.The annual dog show organized by the Ahmedabad Canine Club attracted over 150 dogs at St Xavier's Loyola School on Sunday morning. Breeds such as St Bernard, Fox Terrier, Golden Retriever , Beagle, Dalmatian, Rottweiler , Bullmastiff, Dachshund, and Pug jostled for the attention of visitors. Rare breeds such as Siberian Husky drew awed gasps from thousands of animal lovers.\"Over the years, Amdavadis' interest in canines and exotic breeds has grown manifold as they have realized that it is not an expensive hobby and that dogs are perfect companions regardless of the owners' lifestyle,\" said an organizer of the show. \"Many participants had more than one exotic breed which have adapted very well to the local climate and food.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17738635", "title": "Palamu Tiger Reserve to get eco-sensitive shield", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Authorities at Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR) are taking extra measures to protect the wildlife here, avert frequent straying of animals into human habitation and give green relief to the reserve park. The readiness to lay down strict pollution norms was triggered by the recent death of a male bear in Garu.The area of 10-km radius surrounding Palamu Reserve, which is spread over 1,026 sq km, will be declared eco-sensitive zone and no industry, brick kilns, stone-crushing plants or mining will be allowed in the area. \"The eco-sensitive zone is to help retain the beauty and keep the environment safe and pollution-free for the animals here,\" said a source.Anil K Mishra, conservator of the reserve park's buffer zone, said a high-powered committee, headed by the district commissioner, would look into the issue.A male adult bear died about two months ago after he strayed into a nearby village.Jharkhand chief conservator of forest P C Mishra, former director of Sanjay Gandhi Botanical Garden in Patna and an expert in wildlife management, when contacted by TOI, said no industrial actovities would be allowed near the reserve forest to protect the environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17737985", "title": "Fear stalks fair sex", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as the Delhi gang rape has united people in rage, a huge majority of women in the city feel unsafe to move around, says a study. While 78% of them don't feel safe, 94% contend that going out alone during late evening and night hours is very risky. Snatching, molestation, sexual harassment and rape are crimes which women say are at their peak when darkness sets in. Moreover, 64% of the women feel that the response of the police in dealing with crime against women is poor.These are the findings of a recent study by the Centre for Police Administration, department of Panjab University. A total of 100 women from different sections - mainly teachers, professors, call centre employees, housewives, girl students of colleges and university, government employees \u00e2\u20ac\u201d of the city were individually covered to find out how safe they felt.Kaveri Tandon, research scholar, who presented the paper on the study at the science congress held in October said, \"It was really a challenge for me to go and meet girls and women and get them to talk about their inner most feelings regarding their safety in the city in an in-depth study. What I found was that they felt really threatened, while the crime graph against women has also risen.\" She added, \"I feel that women should take precautions.\"Kuldeep Singh, assistant professor who has made a vital contribution to the study said, \"One of the interesting points of the study is that 56% of the women are completely unaware about laws regarding their protection against crimes. Only 12% of the women carry anything to protect themselves while going out. Women should become alert to protecting themselves.\" The study was presented at the science congress conducted by the national association of psychological science in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17736428", "title": "Cotton traders seek right prices", "text": "INDORE: The cotton traders in the state are worried over the price they are getting on their produce. Despite producing better quality cotton, their yield was getting lesser price, when compared to the price of cotton the farmers living in the neighbouring states were getting at mandis.The issue was discussed at length during the fourth annual summit of MP Association of Cotton Processors &amp; Traders, which was held here on Sunday. President of the Association, Kailash Agrawal, said, \"Our quality of cotton is better. Still, we are getting a price, almost less by Rs 1000 per candy, when compared to our counterparts living in the neighbouring states. The reason being that unlike Gujarat, we don't have any brand of our own.\"Gopal Tayal, secretary of the Association, said, \"We are satisfied with the announcement of new textile policy. Now we are waiting for a notification to be issued in this connection.\"An eminent cotton trader from Mumbai, Suresh Kotak, said, \"There lies a tremendous potential of growth for cotton traders in Madhya Pradesh, which enjoyed a huge quantity of virgin black soil, suitable for the crop.\"The secretary of textile committee, P Nayak, advised the cotton brokers in the state to go for star rating in case they were vying to get an opportunity for upgradation of their produce.The state's industry minister, Kailash Vijayvargiya, said, \"We have addressed the issue in the State Textile Policy, which has been declared by the state government. However, I would like our ginners to extend their business to spinning too so as to go for value addition.\"The state's education minister, Archana Chitnis, said, \"Khadi had played an important role while liberating the country from the Britishers. So, textile has a major role to play for making the cotton industry self-sufficient.\"The state's Textile Policy, which was unveiled on Friday, talks of providing benefits to cotton traders in forms like tax waiver and interest subvention to all those forthcoming ventures that will be investing a minimum of Rs 25 crore within the state.The cotton brokers have launched a brand of their own in their bid to get better price of their produce called 'MP Narmada'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17737630", "title": "Municipal panels to be appointed by month end", "text": "SURAT: A new deputy mayor and chairman of standing committee and 11 other municipal panels will be appointed by the month end by the Surat Municipal Corporation.These appointments were not made for the past few days because of the code of conduct in force in view of the assembly elections.SMC general body will meet on December 29, 2012 to appoint six new members of the standing committee and the deputy mayor, the leader of the ruling party and committee chairmen would be appointed at the general board meeting to be held on December 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17738008", "title": "Heritage home looks for prospective saviours", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Last year, the residents of Khadia, and especially Dhobi ni Pol, had united to save the historical United Bengal Home after portions of the building had been brought down, much to the grief of poll residents. After many protests and a notice from the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) the heritage home was saved. Today, the United Bengal Home is looking at an uncertain , yet possibly hopeful, future ahead. After years of struggling to maintain what is left of the divided Bengal Home, the owners have decided to pass on its fate into new hands.The intricately carved haveli situated in Dhobi ni Pol of the walled city area is in desperate need of attention. Divided into two portions, one half of the haveli belongs to Lohana Vadi, while the other is owned by the Sisodiya family who has been residing there since 1990.\"When my family first moved into this haveli, there were over 25 members. Today, we are just seven of us left in this house. We don't need so much space any more, nor can we afford it,\" admitted Amit Sisodiya. His father, Hareshbhai , is almost 55 years of age and nearing retirement. Most of his family has moved to newer parts of the city where life is much easier and convenient . \"The haveli needs a lot of care to maintain its architectural beauty and historical value. We have tried to do as much as we could all these years, but the time has come to sell it. We hope that somebody who understands the value of this house comes forward to save it,\" Amit said.It was in the United Bengal Home that Vande Mataram, the national cry for India's freedom, was first sung in Gujarat in 1906. \"If the home goes into the wrong hands the house will be torn down in a matter of days and a vital piece of the city's history will be lost,\" said Ashutosh Bhatt of the Khadia Itihas Samiti. Lohana Vadi, the other owners, also sees no use of the house now. \"We have moved our offices to other parts of Ahmedabad like Paldi and Satellite. Living in the polls somehow doesn't seem feasible anymore. Moreover, the permissions and paperwork required to maintain a heritage home is too tiresome. If there is a buyer who can preserve this house, he is more than welcome,\" said a trustee.P K Vasudevan Nair of AMC's Heritage Cell sees no objections with the sale of the house. \"The owners are free to sell the house, whether to a family , or a trust to run its operations from or to someone who will adopt the place, as long as the heritage of the building is preserved. However, for any renovation, construction or demolition work, the corporation will have to be involved,\" Nair said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "villupuram", "code": "17737279", "title": "Teacher strips boys for not doing homework", "text": "VILLUPURAM: A teacher of a private tutorial in Villipuram district stripped five boys in front of other students, including girls, and attempted to strip one more for failing to do his homework.The incident came to light when one of the boys told his father, who is a human rights activist, five days later.P V Ramesh, president of Makkal Pathukappu Kazhagam, in his complaint said B Murugan, 33, of Sri Vidhya tuition centre in Villupuram stripped naked five Class 4 students, who failed to do their homework. He attempted to strip another student - his son - but let him off following resistance. There were at least 50 students at the tutorial when the incident happened on December 15.\"My son is traumatised. I inquired with other students who confirmed the incident and decided to lodge a complaint,\" Ramesh told TOI. The student also said that the teacher threatened him of dire consequences if he told anyone about the incident.Ramesh said that he will approach the court to direct police to book the accused under relevant sections of IPC. Police said appropriate sections will be invoked only after a detailed investigation. Police have booked the teacher on charges of voluntarily causing hurt but did not press charges of sexual assault and child abuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17737104", "title": "How soccer is changing slum children\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s lives", "text": "CHENNAI: The most popular game in the world is changing the slum children of Vyasarpadi, said to be one of the most neglected areas in Chennai.The enthusiasm of the crowd at the Jawaharlal Nehru stadium on Sunday, where 'soccer for change,' a one-day football tournament fro children from the area, was organized by three NGOs, reflected the transformation in the kids. The parents and siblings of the participants cheered as their heroes vied for honours. At the end of the day, it didn't matter who won.Just participating in a tournament like this would have been unthinkable until a few years ago for these children, most of them school dropouts, given the conditions in their locality. Ostracised by officialdom for years, the locality still manages without the most basic of amenities.The school dropout rate among children between 15 and 18 years is a very high 43%. 'Soccer for change', comprising eight teams from Kalyanapuram, S M Nagar, Mallippoo Nagar, JJ Nagar and Gandhipuram in Vyasarpadi, is a joint initiative of Action-aid, Child Rights and You (CRY) and SC STEDS (Slum Children Sports Talent and Education Development Society). It is part of a wider 'City-Spaces' Campaign to highlight issues of underdevelopment in slums. \"It's a grim picture. Vyasarpadi doesn't have a single functional urban health centre and PDS outlets are inadequate. About 36% of children in the 0-5 age group are not accessing ICDS-Anganwadi centres.Now, children are using soccer to assert their right to a quality life with access to all basic amenities,\" says Action-aid programme manager Vanessa Peter. Umapathi, an Income Tax official from Vyasarpadi and soccer enthusiast who coaches some of these children, agrees.\"Soccer has not only provided these children a chance to assert their individuality, it also showcases their tremendous grit against all odds.\" In 2010, a team coached by Umapathi travelled to Gothenburg in Sweden for the Gothia Youth World Cup. \"There were more than 1,400 teams from nearly 70 nations and our team was the only one from Chennai. Given a chance, these children can do as well as those from other areas,\" says Umapathi. Vyasarpadi's violent past still haunts its residents. People from other parts continue to view people with suspicion.Beema, a class 8 girl whose 'Vyasar Royals participated in Sunday's tournament, says, \"we are not inferior to anyone. We just want to be regarded as equals.\"The organizers agree. \"It is sad that the lives of the people who built this city remain the same. Together let us ensure that cities are not valued by tall concrete buildings, massive roads and bridges but how people relate to their fellow human beings, especially the poorest,\" says a letter from the City-Spaces campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "17738504", "title": "Lady doctor files abuse case against senior colleague", "text": "KEONJHAR: Mamatarani Jena, who had accused his senior colleague and head of gynaecology department of Keonjhar district headquarters hospital Dr Jagannath Pahi of verbally abusing her, lodged a complaint in Town police station in this regard on Saturday.Town police station IIC Abakash Routray said, \"The lady doctor has lodged a complaint. We have started investigation after registering a case.\"The complainant had told the media that the senior doctor mentally tortured her. She alleged that many doctors and staff are suffering like her, but no one is speaking up against him. The patients are also not happy with his behavior. \"Hence we are demanding action against him,\" she had said.The incident reportedly took place on Thursday when the lady doctor was on duty. After the incident, she gave a written complaint to chief district medical officer (CDMO) Dr Bharatimani Behera for necessary actions. Pahi has filed a counter complaint.The CDMO has ordered additional district medical officer (ADMO, medical) Dr Chittaranjan Sethy to inquire into the matter.Behera said, \"I have received written complaints from both the doctors.'' Pahi was not available for comments as he was on leave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17736123", "title": "Girl booked for letting boyfriend die after fall", "text": "KALYAN: Three persons have been booked for the death of an engineer in Kalyan's Raheja Complex six months ago. Mujahim Shaikh (22) fell to his death from the fifth floor balcony of his girlfriend's flat. His girlfriend, her mother and sister have been booked for negligence.The incident occurred when Shaikh panicked when his girlfriend's mother and sister knocked on the door. He tried to climb down the building's pipeline but lost his balance and fell.People found Shaikh lying on the ground four hours later and took him to hospital where he died seven days later. Inspector V D Bhise of Mahatma Phule police said despite knowing that Shaikh had fallen, neither the girl nor her mother and sister helped him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17737107", "title": "Fresh digging at Naya Qila angers activists", "text": "HYDERABAD: Four months after the last digging activity near the Naya Qila talaab, another similar illegal incident came to light on Sunday and activists protested against the dumping of mud near the age-old tank.High court orders have clearly prohibited any form of change in contouring, permanent construction or excavation in the area and only grassing work is allowed. But rampant digging has been taking place in violation of the order.Activists in the area noticed trucks dumping mud near the lake late on Saturday night and after complaining to the local police the work was stopped but resumed on Sunday morning.\"From around three days this work has been going on and they were doing it in the night so that people don't see,\" said Ilyas Ahmed Khan, an activist and a resident.Reportedly, six trucks of mud were turned back from the site near the historic Golconda fort on Saturday night after the police intervened.Calling it a clever tactic to carry out their work, activists alleged that the Hyderabad Gold Association was doing such illegal activity repeatedly, banking heavily on the delayed legal procedures that follow.\"This has been going on for quite some time now. This time they have dumped mud right next to the lake at the entrance to construct a ramp,\" said Manatosh Mandal, an activist from Forum for Better Hyderabad. He added that when contacted, officials of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) said that no permission was given for any such work.\"Digging is being done at the foot of the fort wall, causing damage to the foundation,\" he added. Witnesses said that a plastic pipe of length around 40 feet to supply water to the golf course is being laid right along the fort wall.A toilet too has been constructed near the makeshift security cabin at the entrance for which another illegal drainage has been laid said activistsOn Sunday evening, representatives from other organisations too reached the spot and later registered a complaint with the local police against the illegal activity.\"We have written a letter and sent a copy of the complaint to the district collector, ASI and the managing director of APTDC demanded immediate action against the violation,\" said Jasveen Jairath, founder of Save Our Urban lakes.In August, protests had emerged against excavation at the Naya Qila Bagh.However, after filing a case against the activity, the parties involved blamed it on the contractor and got away with an order to maintain the current status of the site.\"Every single time they do this, they give an undertaking in court that the work will be stopped and the case is closed. But by then the damage is already done,\" Mandal added.Officials of Hyderabad Golf Association however denied any such activity being carried and said that only simple grassing work was being done by dumping small amounts of sand before laying the grass. Officials of ASI remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17732110", "title": "Golfers 'putt' on their party shoes at Pro Am award ceremony", "text": "Jeev Milkha Singh hosted the Pro Am award ceremony of the Shubhkamna Champions Golf Tournament recently. The event brought the amateur and professional golfers on the same platform, which gave the amateurs a chance to interact with the bigwigs.Diwakar Sharma, director, Shubhkamna group, told us, \"After cricket and hockey, golf has immense potential to grow in India.Through events like these, we want Indians to know more about the game.\" Piyush Tiwari, director of the real estate group, who is an amateur golfer himself, said, \"Events like these help amateurs a lot as they get to interact with the top 30 golfers of India.\"The Explosion violin group from Ukraine also performed here, and took the guests by surprise when they started playing top Bollywood songs like Aunty Ji and Mere Rang Mein Rangne Waali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17738006", "title": "Ujire rape victim is kept anonymously alive in banner", "text": "Mangalore: A little over two months have passed since a 17-year-old student of a college in Ujire was raped and murdered in Dharmasthala on October 9. Yet this not so high profile case has not completely gone out of people's minds, at least in Puttur subdivision of DK district police. A banner that surfaced at Kaniyoor questioning the death of the teenager and the motive behind it is an indicator that her death is not forgotten. Nirmala (name changed), was a II PUC student of SDM PU College. Daughter of a contractor, Nirmala was second among the five children the couple had. Eyewitnesses had seen the girl alighting from the bus at Pangala, 8 km from Ujire, near Shantivana Hospital to go to her house. From the bus stop, her house is just about a kilometre's walk, but the place is totally deserted. She was found dead after having been sexually abused on October 10. DK police that investigated the case initially and nabbed Santhosh Rao, described as mentally unstable in connection with this incident. The case has since been handed over to CID of Karnataka State Police. While people doubt the ability of Santhosh, a resident of Bajjagoli in Karkala, to carry out a heinous crime such as this, DK police top brass point out to his background in martial arts and his physical strength. Uncomfortable questions have been raised in the banner for those concerned. In fact, superintendent of police Abhishek Goyal had through the DGP's office appealed to the forensic sciences laboratory authorities in Bangalore to fast track the processing of vaginal swabs of the victim and other forensic evidence sent to the lab given the sensitive nature of the case. Home minister R Ashoka, who had met the victim's family, had assured them that the case would be handed over to CID if they so wished. The ball is now in the CID's court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17737178", "title": "Hyderabad is the new hub for global events", "text": "HYDERABAD: Move over Mumbai and Delhi, mana Hyderabad has become a new hub for international conferences in the country. After high-profile events like CoP-11, more and more such global events are lined up for 2013. It's the high quality at low budget that helped Hyderabad emerge as a favourite venue, say organisers.Organisers of various meetings and conventions held in the city recently, said that the cost of holding such events here was around three times lesser than Mumbai. Standing testimony to these claims is the long list of upcoming international events to be held in Hyderabad.The list includes, Congress of the Asia Pacific Academy of Opthalmology in January with around 5,000 delegates; World Congress of the International Society of Prosthetics and Orthotics; and an international conference on oncology in February.\"Hyderabad is very economical when compared to other major cities in India with affordable hotels and reasonably priced venues and food,\" said Rajan Sankar, country manager of the UN Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition (GAIN), which recently held its global board meeting here.\"Moreover the quality is not compromised as the facilities here are on par with Mumbai and Delhi. Our international delegates were very impressed with the city's hospitality and Hyderabad will definitely be on the top of our list for any future events,\" Sankar said.Not just the large-scale events like the bio-diversity conference, the city has become popular with even small-budget organisers. Samala Venu, convenor of the just-concluded International Magicians' Convention said while their event was organised here at a budget of around Rs 40 lakh, the same three-day event in Mumbai would have cost them around Rs 1.2 crore.\"A decent conference room in a star hotel costs just Rs 7,000 here, but the same in Mumbai or Delhi could go up to Rs 20,000,\" Venu said. Organisers of the recently held Indian Luxury Expo too said that while the commercial tax they paid was around 20%, in Mumbai it would be around 40%.The convention centres and venues in the city are no less compared to Singapore or Malaysia , but the support services like transport and accommodation which make the difference, forcing many organizers to shift their venue from other metros to Hyderabad.Apart from affordability, the culture too attracts tremendous attention. \"Hyderabad is culturally active with many heritage sites but at the same time, very urban with IT hub and so many scientific institutes,\" said Dr Suvarna Alladi of World Federation of Neurology.\"Delegates at our meeting loved the food here, the tourist sites and also the airport. Hyderabad is the right place for these events and is also much safer, which gives it an edge over the rest,\" she added.International events recently held in cityCoP-11Global Board meeting by GAINWorld Allergy Organisation's conferenceWorld Federation of Neurology's discussion on cognitive neurologyInternational Magicians' ConventionUpcomingCongress of the Asia Pacific Academy of OpthalmologyWorld Congress of the International Society of Prosthetics and OrthoticsMillion Dollar Round Table (MDRT) Experience meeting of international insurance and financial services professionalsInternational Union of CrystallographyState has placed a bid to host Commonweatlh Youth Parliament-2013 in the city", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741160", "title": "Anand Abhyankar, Akshay Pendse killed in road accident", "text": "Well-known Marathi actors Anand Abhyankar and Akshay Pendse were among three people killed in an accident on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway early Monday, police said.According to the State Highway Police, the accident occurred shortly after midnight when a rashly driven tempo on the Mumbai-Pune lane climbed on the road divider and rammed into the Wagon R car coming in the opposite (Pune-Mumbai) lane, near the Urse Toll checkpost.The seriously injured victims, travelling in the Wagon R, were rushed to a hospital in Nigdi, a suburb of Pune, where Abhyankar, Pendse and his two-year-old son Pratyush Pendse, succumbed after a couple of hours, said investigation officer S.P. Mane of Wadgaon Police Station.The bodies of those killed in the accident are kept in Y.C.M. Hospital in Pune.Pendse's wife Deepti, who was also in the same vehicle sustained minor injuries and was discharged this morning after treatment, Mane said.Abhyankar, 48, and Pendse, 35, were seen together in the roles of father and son in the ongoing teleserial \"Mala Sasu Havi\" on Zee Marathi.A familiar face in Borivali suburb of Mumbai where he lived, Abhyankar had also worked in several Hindi movies, advertising films, Marathi movies, serials and jingles.\"The entire Marathi film industry is shocked by the sudden death of the two popular actors... We shall miss them,\" said leading Marathi director Amol Shetge.Abhyankar and Pendse's funerals shall be held in Pune Monday afternoon, said a Marathi films spokesman Deepak Choudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740616", "title": "I know how to be competitive in a healthy way: Deepika", "text": "Deepika Padukone , whose father was a badminton champion, uses the spirit of sportsmanship while working in filmdom and says she knows how to be competitive in a positive manner.One of the A-list actresses, she has some good projects in hand like \"Chennai Express\" with Shah Rukh Khan and \"Rana\" with southern superstar Rajinikanth .\"I think there are two ways to look at it. Everybody doesn't get to do each and every film. I don't compete with others; I compete with myself. I have been an athlete, a sportsperson; so I know how to be competitive in a healthy way,\" Deepika, a former badminton player whose father, Prakash Padukone, was a national badminton champion and won the coveted All-England badminton crown, told IANS in an exclusive interview.This year she had only one release, the commercially successful \"Cocktail\". She says it is difficult to predict what will work at the box office.\"Many a time, a most predictable film doesn't work, while the least expected films click at the box office. So everything is in the hands of the audience. I don't demarcate any film. If a film does well and gets into the Rs.100 crore club, well and good. But I want the audience to appreciate my quality of work,\" she said.Her forthcoming film is \" Race 2 \", in which she has teamed up with Saif Ali Khan yet again after working with him in hits like \"Love Aaj Kal\", \"Aarakshan\" and \"Cocktail\".She hopes movie buffs appreciate their chemistry in the the fast-paced thriller.\"Saif is fun to work with. We have worked in four films together and I share a comfort level with him. The most exciting part is that all the four films are completely different from one another.\"\"He is a very spontaneous actor. You never know what to expect from him. The audience have liked our chemistry before and, hopefully, they will appreciate it again in 'Race 2', \" she said and clarified that they never planned to work together; \"it just happened\".\"Race 2\" is a multi-starrer with big names like Anil Kapoor and John Abraham vying for their space.Asked what prompted her to be part of the film, Deepika said: \"I really liked 'Race' and that excited me to be part of the film. Besides, I like the working style of Abbas-Mustan. The character that I play in the film is also different. I play a very manipulated and very aggressive woman, which I have not played before.\"\"Race 2\" may be a sequel to 2008 hit \"Race\", but for Deepika it is \"an independent film\".\"Yes, there is a flow in the story but I joined the crew in ' Race 2 '; so it doesn't affect my work anyway,\" she added.In the film, the 26-year-old has some steamy and bold scenes with Saif.Was she comfortable doing them?\"It's not about being comfortable or uncomfortable; I consider each and every scene the same way. For me, each and every scene stands out and I approach each and every scene in the same way.\"\"Race 2\" also features Jacqueline Fernandez and Ameesha Patel and is slated for a Jan 25 release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740092", "title": "'Vazhakku En 18/9' wins special jury award", "text": "Vazhakku En 18/9' was adjudged the winner of the special jury award at the 10th Chennai International Film Festival (CIFF) from the 12 Tamil films that competed. Megastar Amitabh Bachchan gave away the awards to the winners. Drama 'Sattai', directed by M. Anbazhagan, was the first runner up, while horror-thriller 'Pizza' directed by Karthik Subburaj, was the second runner up.\"It's very unlikely to ignore such a wonderful film that explicitly captures the dark side of the mindset of today's youth without making room for obscenity. With all newcomers playing the title roles, it's not easy to make an engaging film,\" said director A. Sarkunam, who was one of the jury members, at the festival's closing ceremony.The film, which is directed by Balaji Sakthivel, is about the effects of MMS scandals that play havoc on the lives of youngsters. The other jury members include veteran Tamil actor Sivakumar and cinematographer B.R Vijayalakshmi. A special mention award was handed over to Tamil crime-thriller ' Mounaguru ', directed by Santakumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17742015", "title": "Minimum temperatures up in Punjab, Haryana as foggy conditions prevail in the region", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The minimum temperatures in most parts of Haryana and Punjab today soared upto three degrees even as foggy conditions prevailed in the region, adversely affecting normal life in the morning hours.The minimum temperatures in the region was just one degree Celsius below normal, the Met office said here adding that the night temperatures climbed up in the entire region.Amritsar was the coldest place in the plains of Punjab and Haryana with a low of 2.8 degrees Celsius, one notch below normal.While Patiala had a low of 5.6 degrees Celsius, one notch below normal, the minimum temperature at Narnual was 6 degrees Celsius.Among other places, Ambala settled at a low of 6.1 degrees Celsius, one notch below normal, followed by 6.2 degrees Celsius at Ludhiana, 6.5 degrees Celsius at Hisar and 6.6 degrees Celsius at Chandigarh.Most parts in the two states remained engulfed under a thick blanket of fog in the morning, reducing visibility up to a few metres. This adversely affected rail, air and road traffic at some places.The Met department forecast drop in temperatures in the region in the next 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17737152", "title": "Man held for murdering 60-year-old", "text": "CHENNAI: Shankar Nagar police arrested a man in connection with the murder of a sexagenarian over a land dispute, near Pammal, on Saturday night.Police said Meenakshi Sundaram, 63, a security guard from Vadivel Street, Pasumpon Nagar, was returning home on Saturday when he was confronted by the accused, Sethu.Within a couple of minutes, the two began a heated argument over a land. In the resulting altercation, Sethu, 50, stabbed Sundaram with a sharp weapon. Hearing his cries, neighbours rushed to the spot and took him to a private hospital.He was declared brought dead. Police said Sundaram's nephew Subramaniam, 45, reportedly had a dispute over some land that was located between his house and neighbour Sethu's house. Sundaram frequently mediated the two whenever they argued over building a compound wall. Enraged over this, Sethu warned Sundaram to not interfere, they said. \"He had planned to execute the murder and had even brought a knife,\" said an investigating officer. Sundaram is survived by his wife, Usha, and three children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17738532", "title": "Principal 'sweeps' order under carpet", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A sweeper of Rajendra College in Balangir is still awaiting his reinstatement despite an order from the higher education department. He was suspended on October 18 for objecting to the principal's alleged casteist remarks.The letter dated November 27 from S Debata, under secretary to government, stated, \"I am directed to request you to please reinstate Debraj Barik, sweeper. Order of principal secretary, higher education in this regard has been obtained.\"Principal Rajlakshmi Mishra, however, evaded the question as to why was the sweeper not reinstated as per the order of the department.Zilla Ganda Samaj and Milita Anusuchita Jati Kalyan Mahasangha, working for welfare of Dalits, had sought the intervention of National Human Rights Commission , Odisha Human Rights Commission, principal secretary, higher education, alleging that he had been vitimized because of his caste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17736684", "title": "More people unite in support of rape victim", "text": "NAGPUR: Citizens of Nagpur continued their protest against the gang rape of a girl in Delhi on Sunday, demanding strict laws against such a heinous crime. Though the presence of youth was dominant in the agitation, people of all the age groups raised voices in support of the victim.A group of over 200 youths from various schools, colleges, NGOs and other organizations gathered at RBI Square in the afternoon, demanding capital punishment to the culprits. They raised slogans, showed placards and performed a skit. Ketki Arbat, who runs an NGO, presided while former assistant commissioner of police Chandrakant Udgikar and advocate Sangram Sirpurkar were the guest speakers.Sirpurkar spoke on what the crime was all about and how to go about the legal procedure to ensure justice to the victim. Some participants also came forward to speak their mind out. One of them held a placard which said, \"Don't stop your daughters from moving out. Educate your sons on how to behave with women\". Harleen Vij talked about the dos and don'ts. She elaborated on how to behave and seek help while in a troublesome situation and asked to keep the close ones informed.Volunteers of an organization from Manewada prayed for speedy recovery of the rape victim who has now become a symbol of resilience and strength for women across the country. They also demanded death penalty for the culprits so that it could act as a deterrent to the people with pervert mind.NGO Green Vigil staged a street play in the evening which moved the audience, imagining the plight of rape victims. The plays were held at Futala and Traffic Park where a huge crowd had gathered. Founder member of the NGO Kaustav Chatterjee said, \"It was for the first time that we shifted our focus from the main aim of protecting environment to take up a social cause\". The script was written by Aditya Patra which sent a message across to be united in support of the rape victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17737325", "title": "2 held for murder, theft of minibus", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two persons were arrested and a minibus was seized from them by Coimbatore rural police on Saturday evening. The duo was apprehended at a police picket at KG Chavadi in Coimbatore when the officers were checking vehicles entering and leaving Coimbatore to Kerala.The accused have been identified as T Sanoj, 28, a minibus owner and S Sreejith (27), a minibus driver from Kunamuchu in Trissur. Police said 18 months ago, the bus owner had given the vehicle for body work at a workshop on the Karur -Salem bypass road at Karur. The owner was supposed to pay Rs 4.25 lakh to the workshop for the services rendered. So far he had paid Rs 2.25 lakh to workshop owner Senthilkumar.The duo recently visited Karur and stayed in a lodge situated near the workshop. The duo decided to steal the bus to avoid paying the rest of the money due. On the night of December 21, the duo had gone to the workshop and murdered private security guard Chinnasamy (64), residing at Gayathri Nagar near Karur and stole the minibus and a motorcycle from the workshop.On Saturday morning, when Senthilkumar came to the workshop, he found the minibus and motorcycle missing. He also came upon the body of the security guard. He immediately informed Vengamedu police who rushed to the spot and alerted the neighbouring district police.Coimbatore SP E S Uma alerted the police and instructed them to conduct a vehicle check in the Tamil Nadu-Kerala border areas. K G Chavadi police sub-inspector Prabhakaran was on duty at KG Chavadi check post on Saturday evening and stopped a minibus. The bus driver told the SI that he took the bus from a workshop at Thondamuthur in Coimbatore. The bus owner Sanoj told the police that few days ago, he had given the bus for maintenance work at a workshop at Thondamuthur and they were on the way to Kerala.The bus did not have windshield glasses and registration number plates. This information was forwarded to the rural police from Karur and based on which police stopped the vehicle and took the duo into their custody. Meanwhile, a special team of Karur police reached Coimbatore and conducted an inquiry with the duo who confessed to the crime.The accused and the minibus were taken to Karur on Saturday night. Vengamedu police registered a case against the duo and arrested them on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740014", "title": "Trisha signs up action flick", "text": "Trisha, who is one of the Tamil and Telugu film industries' top heroines, is all set to do a trilingual film RUM (short for Ramba Urvashi Menaka), for which she will start shooting in January. The film will be directed by M S Raju, who is one of Tollywood's top producers and who gave Trisha her Tollywood break with hits like Varsham and Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana. Actress Poorna, who is currently part of Karu Palaniappan's Jannal Oram, is also said to be part of this film, which will have another heroine as well.Talking about the film and her role in it, the actress says, \"RUM is a story about three girls. It is a very interesting script. It is a heroine-centric flick but not a period film. I am playing a regular girl and the story revolves around the events that happen in her life. I'm not allowed to say too much about the role because they are still working on the script.\"However, the actress reveals that RUM will be an action flick. \"It has got a lot of action scenes and Vijayan master will be supervising the whole shoot,\" she adds. Is she planning to attempt any daredevil stunt? She says, \"I am not rehearsing any stunt scenes now. I'll have a final meeting with M S Raju in January and decide everything about my role.\"On her upcoming projects in Tamil, she says, \"I have not signed anything new in Tamil. I'm currently busy with Jiiva and Jayam Ravi's project. As I will be shooting back-to-back schedules for RUM, I am not committing any new films for now.\" The film will also mark Trisha's debut in Sandalwood. \"I've received many offers from Kannada filmmakers, but none of them have materialised so far. Now, with this film, I'm finally entering the industry. I would love to test a new territory. After all, language has never been a barrier for actors, has it?\" she asks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740379", "title": "Dance is an exciting form of exercise: Rithvik Dhanjani", "text": "Actor-model Rithvik Dhanjani talks about his fitness regimeMy Diet:I eat about five meals a day with high protein like chicken and eggs. I do not believe that eating supplements every two to three hours always works and if am extremely hungry even after meals I much on protein bars. This helps a great deal.I usually avoid the egg yolks. I prefer to have chicken that is either boiled or just stir- fried.My fitness regime:I exercise without fail four to five days a week and I strictly follow a definite regime. A co-trainer is a must I feel.I don't use weights. For me it's all on body weight. I maintain my regime and the results show faster and lasts longer these days. I don't find time to gym that often but I make sure my cardios happen through the dance routines I put myself through. I am a believer in different forms of exercise and dance is one exciting form.My weakness:I have a weak lower back, hence, sometimes it gets strenuous as extra attention needs to be given to it.My strengths:I have a chiseled upper body and am proud of it. I tend to lose weight faster there and my clothes give a better fit and help me look thinner and stronger.My fav celeb Idol (male):It has to be Akshay Kumar for me anytime. It is amazing how he looks younger with every passing day. He is absolutely fit and I love the regime he follows. He is a true inspiration and will always be. I would love to get some training from him someday, hopefully.My fav celeb Idol (female):Bipasha Basu- she sure has a body to die for. It is chiseled. Not many women in India have that kind of a body. She is fit and looks great.debarati.sen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "shimla/new delhi", "code": "17741907", "title": "Virbhadra Singh to be sworn-in as Himachal Pradesh CM tomorrow", "text": "SHIMLA/NEW DELHI: Veteran Congress leader Virbhadra Singh , the architect of Congress' victory in Himachal Pradesh , will be sworn in as the hill state's chief minister for the sixth time in a function at the historic Ridge Ground in Shimla on Tuesday.78-year-old Singh, who has been invited by Governor Urmilla Singh to form the government, would take oath alone and will finalise his council of ministers later this week after consultation with Congress president Sonia Gandhi , sources said.Singh met Gandhi in Delhi on Monday to discuss the formation of the new government, they said. He was formally elected as the leader of the Congress Legislature Party in Shimla on Saturday.Congress has 36 MLAs in the 68-member Assembly and one independent MLA has extended unconditional support to the party.Singh was chief minister between 1983 and 1985; 1985 and 1990; 1993 and 1998 and 2003 and 2007.In his five-decade-long political innings, he has been a seven-time MLA, a five-time MP and a five-time chief minister. He has also been a four-time President of the Himachal chapter of Congress and also represents the Mandi seat in the present Lok Sabha.Singh had a long meeting with AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi, who was deputed as observer by the party high command for Congress Legislature Party (CLP) meet, on Saturday evening in Shimla and discussed several key issues relating to government formation.Singh, after the election as CLP leader, had told reporters that his ministry would be a three-tier one and \"fully representative\".\"All sections and regions, young and old would be included in the ministry,\" he had said..Asked about the next speaker of the state assembly, Singh had said he had three persons in mind but would not divulge the names at this stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17737454", "title": "Collector bans illegal boards in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: As DMK men gear up to paint the town red and black, the district administration has warned political parties against erecting hoardings and banners in Madurai.The district administration has warned political parties to remove illegal hoardings and digital flex boards by December 31. If people concerned failed to remove illegal hoardings and wall paintings, the same would be removed by the authorities. The expenditure incurred in the process would be collected from those who put up the boards, collector Anshul Mishra warned. \"Permanent hoardings in public places should be erected only after obtaining permission from the district collector. In case of digital billboards and banners of temporary nature too, permission should be obtained from the collector. But there are many hoardings put up without permission. These hoardings erected in a haphazard manner tend to make the temple city look ugly and also pose a threat to motorists,\" said a statement from the collector.Though the ultimatum was not intended against the DMK, it would invariably affect DMK men most as they are getting ready to erect a number of banners and go on a wall painting spree in view of Union minister M K Alagiri's birthday on January 30, 2013. Alagiri's birthday is one grand event for the DMK in Madurai. Many aspiring leaders vie with one another to put up signed boards wishing the leader, in the hope that they will get recognised and rewarded by him. DMK men have already issued orders to hoarding makers and printing presses for the billboards. Painters have also started work in some parts of the city.Mishra said those seeking to erect new hoardings and even those who have obtained permission from the city corporation for the same should approach the collector and obtain his permission.Insisting that the hoardings adhere to the specified size in accordance with the width of the roads where they are erected, the district administration has warned that the hoardings should be erected 30 feet from the road surface and should have steel frames.The collector has also asked printing press owners to verify from people approaching them to print digital billboards if they have obtained permission from the revenue officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17735977", "title": "Fire breaks out at Vizag railway station", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A fire broke out at the general ticket booking counter near the main entrance of the railway station here on Sunday evening. A few passengers received minor burns in the incident, according to fire wing officials of the east coast railways.Some important documents and machinery besides furniture at the counter were reduced to ashes. The railway officials put the loss at Rs 10 lakh. Based on preliminary reports, the fire wing officials said that the mishap might have occurred due to an electrical short circuit .On receiving information, fire and railway officials rushed to the spot and took the situation under control.The fire continued to rage for an hour before it was brought under control by the fire tenders. When contacted, a senior official confirmed to TOI that the mishap occurred at the general reservation ticket counter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17738003", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation plans aid for heritage building owners soon", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the first time, heritage building owners in the city will be eligible for incentives under a new heritage policy being formulated by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) with the state urban development department. The AMC plans to table the policy in the upcoming municipal budget next year.The exercise also includes formulation of an elaborate heritage management plan for the walled city. The plan is necessary because the AMC is eyeing JNNURM-2 funding in which the heritage component is significant. Besides, a disaster management plan for the walled city will also be ready by February. GDCR changes that will offer transfer of development rights, property tax exemptions and extra FSI are other incentives that the committee will examine.Senior AMC officials said that the dossier on the walled city, being prepared by Cept professor R J Vasvda and his team to be submitted to the Unesco's world heritage committee, is in its final stages. \"A dossier without heritage policies in place will send a wrong message to Unesco. The illegal construction , tax incentive for heritage home owners, saleable FSI for owners, disaster management plan should be in place before the dossier is submitted to Unesco. The submission is being planned for 2014,\" said a senior AMC official.INTACH has already been assigned the job of creating an inventory of all heritage buildings in the city \u00e2\u20ac\u201d both within the walled city and outside - including monuments . In several meetings called by the heritage committee chaired by municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra in the last two months, it was stressed that policies and incentive schemes for the heritage home owners should fructify. The issue of enforcement of heritage regulations which restrict illegal repairs and construction will also be included in the new policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17740162", "title": "Dense fog hits operations at Indira Gandhi International airport, over 50 flights cancelled", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dense fog badly hit operations at the Indira Gandhi International airport here on Monday affecting the schedule of over 50 domestic and international flights.About 35 flights were delayed while 15 were cancelled as the dense fog enveloped the airport this morning.One of the international flights was diverted to Jaipur, airport sources said.Runway visibility started to deteriorate from late Sunday and general visibility reduced to less than 100 metres in the morning, leading to delay in departures of early morning flights.The general visibility on the main runway (28/11 which is the most preferred runway by airlines during the foggy days) was almost zero while the runway visibility was 75 metres.At one time the runway visibility dropped to zero at one end of the third runway.The operations at the third runway remained suspended for major part of the morning due to poor visibility, an airport official said.The MeT department has predicted CAT-III B fog (dense fog when the runway visibility drops to below 50 metres) till Christmas.On Sunday also, over 100 flights were badly affected due to dense fog.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740660", "title": "Why 'How I Met Your Mother' will probably wrap up?", "text": "It's six seasons old in India but in the US, 'How I Met Your Mother' (HIMYM) is currently in its eighth season on the CBS network, where it originally airs. The eighth season was by most accounts supposed to be the series' last. But now, there's news of a deal being struck for a renewal for a ninth (and possibly the series' final) season. While there have been no confirmations yet, expect the producers and co-creators Craig Thomas and Carter Bays to make an announcement soon.While the show has made cast members Alyson Hannigan , Neil Patrick Harris , Josh Radnor , Jason Segel and Cobie Smulders household names, it's evident enough, though, why the show has to end sometime. Regular viewers have been left hanging, teased into pining for every subsequent season and eight seasons on, the mystery of the titular mother's identity persists. A captive audience will only be led on for so long. The show, one of CBS' most prolific success stories is also breaking records and that's probably why there's a demand for another season.Also, insiders say that Jason Segel (he plays Marshall on the show), the show's most prolific actor was to quit to focus on his film career, but has now made a last-minute decision to stay on. And while Segel's character isn't the biggest draw, one wonders where that leaves Cobie Smulders (she plays Robin on the show). Smulders was last seen on the big screen in The Avengers in a significant role, playing a bigger role in the sequel. If a ninth season does happen, she will have to make fewer appearances. Radnor, too, is an independent film director of some repute while Hannigan and Harris do make regular Hollywood outings.But that being said, unlike India, TV (as opposed to the film industry) is where the money's at. Just like F.R.I.E.N.D.S. before them, HIMYM may just go a season more and call it a day by revealing the mother's (and Radnor's character Ted's wife) identity in the next season. Wait and watch, then!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17736057", "title": "Kandivli victim not yet home", "text": "MUMBAI: Shraddha Langde has not gone back home since her discharge from hospital earlier this week. Memories of being singed come back every time she treads the familiar path towards Hanuman Nagar, Kandivli (East), where she stays with her marital family. On December 11, a neighbour, Sachin Shigwan, had sprayed her with insecticide, holding a lighter before the nozzle. Her face, hands and back were scalded. A friend, Minal Zamin, who came to her rescue, too, was injured.\"Shraddha has moved to her parents' place near Khopoli, where she will be till she recovers. She desperately needed a change in environment,\" said her husband Shashikant. \"Sanitation facilities are better at her parents' place than the chawl where we live. Besides, relatives keep dropping in to inquire about the incident and we don't want Shraddha to relive any unpleasant memories.\"Shigwan had been stalking Shraddha for months. When she failed to respond to his advances, he attempted to create a rift between her and Shashikant. An autorickshaw driver by profession, Shashikant has stood like a rock by his wife's side. He said, \"Sleep eludes her on most nights and she gets dizzy spells. I go to meet her as much as possible. She often wonders if she will ever be her old self again. I try to talk her out of all negative thoughts and bring her confidence back. We can't let people like Shigwan succeed in their intentions of wrecking our lives.\"The Langdes have been following Shigwan's court hearings closely. \"The police haven't been very helpful. They have been delaying the selection of witnesses from the locality, despite several neighbours being willing to testify. We want to ensure that Shigwan doesn't walk out on bail. Many women from the locality have begun to admit that he had harassed them as well,\" a relative of the Langdes said.Shashikant has inquired about the government's proposal of compensation for acid attack and rape victims. \"We have modest means and Shraddha's treatment costs are draining our resources. Compensation would help us cover the costs of future treatment or surgery, if any.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740934", "title": "Kamal Haasan hangs his head in shame", "text": "The gang rape in Delhi seems to have taken the entire nation by storm and people across the quarters have been expressing their anger through protests and social networking sites. Celebrities too have been taking an active part in all these protests and have been giving bytes to the media.Ulaganayagan Kamal Haasan however expressed his disagreement against death penalty, which the entire country has been demanding the government to give the perpetrators. He said that the victim is his sister, the criminals his brothers and that he is ashamed of the tragic incident. Kamal Haasan had earlier expressed a similar opinion in his film, Virumandi .In the meanwhile, Prakash Raj in an audio statement said that he is very proud to know that the younger generation of the country has come together to express their opinion against the gang rape in Delhi. \"I'm happy that they have put down their feet and said they'll not tolerate this nonsense anymore,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17739762", "title": "Zaldana adopts puppy", "text": "Actress Zoe Saldana has done a noble cause this Christmas by adopting a puppy.The 34-year-old rescued a scraggly white pooch from a shelter last week introduced it to her fans on Twitter Dec 20.The actress has named her new pet as mugsy and posted an image of the wire-haired canine sitting in the passenger's seat of a car and wrote: \"Meet Mugsy!!! Rescued her last week - my best friend named her.\"She's adorable and super smart.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17736438", "title": "'Why can't parents support girls for a right cause'", "text": "PATNA: Be it on road, in public transport or near market place in the city, girls have a lurking fear in mind about their safety; what if a car stops and pulls her inside; what if someone in the crowd brushes past her with ulterior motive and, so on.Recalling one such incident that took place about a year back near I-T roundabout in the city, Shilpi Kumari, who is working with an advertising firm in Delhi, said, \"I was a student of mass communication at Patna Women's College. One evening, around 5pm, I was looking for an auto at I-T roundabout. It was very crowded that day. All of a sudden a man came from behind an auto in front of me and hit me on the front. In a reflex action, I caught hold of his hand. He tried to pull it away but failed and my shout attracted the attention of public who came forward asking me what happened.\"Trying to defend himself before she could say something, the man said, \"Nothing. By mistake I hit this lady's shoulder and she is making a mountain out of a molehill.\" Someone from the crowd slapped him and \"I did not let the man escape till a traffic cop standing at the crossing came and rebuked him and threatened to book him. At last, the man apologized. I was proud of myself for making the man apologize but somewhere I felt sad as I couldn't register an FIR against him. When I called my mom stating her about what happened and that I wanted the police to register an FIR and take action against the man, she simply said, 'Come back home'.\"That incident left its bruises on Shilpi's heart and mind. \"After that incident, I am always super alert at any crowded place. Even a slight touch of handbags scares me off,\" she said and adds, \"Sometimes I feel had I filed an FIR against him I would have got more satisfaction and could live without this fear for all my life. The conventional thinking of our society forces women to live with this kind of fear. The question always haunts me that why parents do not support their kids for the right cause. Making sons strong and daughters weak is like weakening the society more.\"Sharing a similar incident with TOI, Shruti Kumari, who is a professional working at a private firm said, \"A few months back, my scooty broke down near zoo. I was taking it to a mechanic shop near Sheikhpura Mor. It was around 7 in the evening when two teenage boys walking besides me said, 'Kya baat hai? Mast mast... Gadi kharab ho gayi hai madad karen?' and started laughing and making fun of me. But when I shouted back at them and threatened to call police they actually got scared.\"Shruti recounted, \"They got scared and said, 'Sorry didi, we commented just for fun. No girl had ever reacted so...' I spared them by just making them take my scooty to the mechanic as a punishment.\"Sneha Sharma, a IInd year student at Magadh Mahila College, commented, \"Lewd comments from men are very common for girls. But, complaining to the police about every lewd comment or a man staring at us is practically not possible. In fact, reacting to their comments actually makes these sick-minded men happier.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17737427", "title": "Intestines are difficult to transplant", "text": "What is intestinal failure and what happens after it?Intestinal failure is defined as reduction in functioning length of small intestine below a certain limit, which causes inability to digest and absorb nutrients and fluid, required for adequate maintenance of an individual. Most cases of intestinal failure are due to 'Short Gut Syndrome' which is due to surgical resection leading to loss of functioning mass of small intestine. The small intestine is a muscular tract that follows the stomach. This is the place where most of the digestion and absorption of food, fluids, electrolytes and nutrients takes place. Any problem in proper functioning of the small intestine can make a person dehydrated and malnourished. Intestinal failure can also cause diarrhoea, muscle wasting, poor growth, frequent infections, weight loss and fatigue.How does a person survive after the removal of small intestine?In case of failure of small intestine the usual process of eating and digestion cannot take place and hence parenteral nutrition (PN) is used to feed the patient. The feeding is done intravenously. Depending on the person's needs, PN formula is made. The process is called total parenteral nutrition (TPN) when no significant nutrition is obtained by other routes.Is TPN a permanent solution?A patient with intestine failure can meet nutritional requirements through TPN. It is observed that patients can live on TPN for many years. However, dependency on this process of feeding can impair normal life. Patients in whom more than 75% of functional intestinal length is removed surgically may have permanent dependence on TPN and thus higher incidence of associated complications. Intestinal transplantation should be offered to such individuals.How is intestinal transplant done?A transplant requires surgical removal of small intestine and its replacement with a healthy organ. There are three main types of intestinal transplantation : (i) isolated small intestine; (ii) combined liver &amp; intestine; and (iii) multivisceral, which contains small intestine with stomach, duodenum, pancreas, with/without liver.Why is intestine transplant so complicated?Before 2001, intestinal transplant was largely considered experimental. In the past decade it is evolving as a standard care for patients with intestinal failure. When compared to liver and kidney the intestine is a difficult organ to transplant, as it affects the immune system. There are very few attempts to perform intestinal transplant in India, hence no definite success rate is known, however 1 year and 3 year survival is reported to be close to 80 % and 67% in the Western countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17736055", "title": "Exhibition on Atal Bihari Vajpayee's personality", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan will inaugurate an exhibition on the personality and deeds of former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee on good governance day on December 24.The exhibition has been organised at art gallery of Ustad Alauddin Kala Akademi by the culture department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17730693", "title": "Respect women, says Javed Akhtar", "text": "The gang-rape of a 23-year-old in the capital has shocked the entire nation. Writer-lyricist Javed Akhtar feels such incidents can be avoided only when society starts respecting women .\"Strong laws, gender sensitive police, fast track courts are not enough. Society should learn to respect women. Stop domestic violence,\" Akhtar tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17736183", "title": "Delhi gang rape: CM says her hands are tied", "text": "NEW DELHI: Steering clear of taking responsibility on safety issues in the capital, chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Sunday slammed the police and reminded the city that it was the duty of the police commissioner, lieutenant governor and the home ministry to prevent cases like the gang rape of the 23-year-old. The CM also demanded rationalization of VIP security to improve police patrols on the streets.Dikshit wants home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde to not just make the police \"accountable\" but also take action against \"cops in-charge in senior positions\". However, even though it remains to be seen if this will translate into action against senior officials from the district level up to the police commissioner, it has certainly started speculations on whether the Centre will resort to stern measures to pull up top cops.With the anger among protesters mounting, Dikshit with her entire cabinet chose to knock at the door of home minister Shinde. The move is a clear indicator that for Dikshit the outrage is about law and order and, in every statement she makes, it is reaffirmed that Delhi Police is under control of the home ministry and her government has no control over it.In the atmosphere of unrest, the CM rushed to call a cabinet meeting after which a meeting was held with the Union home minister. The message was clear. Dikshit had put the ball in the court of the home minister and subtly made the point to the common man that only a more accountable police, stronger law and order mechanisms were the answer to the situation and she did not have any control to deliver it.In a statement issued to the media, Dikshit made a pitch to empathize with the common man citing the need to rationalize VIP security and free police personnel to secure Delhiites. The CM also wants the home ministry to create a mechanism wherein cops are not diverted from patrolling to other jobs like monitoring demolitions of illegal construction.However, the CM's statement in no manner reflects on the performance of her own government on monitoring and enforcement of safety mechanisms in auto-rickshaws, buses and campaigns on safety. But sources said that Dikshit has sought an urgent review of the transport department and the cabinet is planning to put marshals on buses after sunset to instill a sense of security among commuters, women in particular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17737369", "title": "Tracking our winged friends", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was not an easy task to track 133 species of birds for 10-year-old Abisek Ahmad and his parents M Gaythri Devi and Manzoor Ahmad on Sunday. They were part of a five member team who had participated in the 'Bird Race' organised by SACON for bird watchers and environmentalists in the city to track and spot rare and common birds.More than 100 residents in teams of four or five had participated in the event which took place at various locations across Coimbatore. The job at hand involved identifying bird varieties including migratory ones which frequent the city between November and February. The teams travelled through wetlands, forests and fields trying to capture the bird varieties of the region.The team lead by G Manojkumar, a student at PSG College of Arts and Science, were fortunate to sight many rare birds including the Asian paradise flycatcher, white ibis and the river tern.P Pramod a senior scientist with SACON who conducted the event said that it was a fantastic platform for participants to understand birds and their behaviour. The teams which constituted both amateurs and experts had an enjoyable experience learning about the finer aspects of these winged creatures. \"Amateur bird watchers and hobbyists have made several contributions to newer and interesting finds regarding a variety of species and changes in their behaviour,\" he said.Though Coimbatore with its wetlands and forests are a known destination for various bird species including migratory birds, these winged creatures face several challenges. The major problem is the threat to their survival due to the shortage of food and water. The pollution and destruction of wetlands including lakes and tanks prevent a sizeable section of the birds from visiting the city. The encroachment of wetlands is also a pressing issue, points out Pramod.Pesticides cause-long term problems to the continuity of many of these bird species. Studies have shown that consuming water and food which has traces of pesticides affect their survival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17737806", "title": "Burglary in broad daylight", "text": "AURANGABAD: In yet another incident of house break-in, unidentified thieves broke in to a first floor flat in the up market Chetna Nagar, C-7 opposite Chaube hospital on Friday afternoon and fled away with gold and cash worth Rs 4.25 lakh. A case of house break-in has been registered with the Jawahar Nagar police.The police said that the complainant, Rohan Pradeep Thole (25) a businessman stated that he along with his family members had gone to a relative's house at Ulkanagri at around 12.15 pm to attend a religious event. When Rohan went back to his flat at 1 pm, he found the latch and the main door lock of the flat broken and the door left ajar.Inside he found the iron cupboard broken and gold weighing 135 grams and Rs 7, 000 missing. He soon called the police control room and the police team soon reached the spot and did a spot panchnama, added the police.A house maid working in the apartment has claimed to have seen some unidentified youths moving out of the apartment, but the police are yet to confirm her claims.Friday's house break in incident is the third major house break-in to take place in the city in past few days. In a series of house break-ins being committed using the same modus operandi, the police is yet to solve any of the three cases.The one that took place recently at the house of a veterinarian Sanjay Puranik in Samadhan Colony, the burglars took away 260 grams of gold worth Rs 8.5 lakhs. In another case, thieves decamped with gold weighing 310 grams worth Rs 10 lakhs from a locked house in Kamgar Chowk of Cidco N 2 in broad day light.In spite of the rise of house break in incidents being committed in broad day light, the city police and all its crime branch units have badly failed in detecting any of the major house break-ins committed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17737725", "title": "Brrrr, it was as cold as London", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata was as cold as London two days before Christmas on Sunday and the chill is going to stay. Delhi, where protesters braved water cannons through the day, was far warmer.The city shivered as a strong, cold breeze and thick cloud cover brought the mercury plunging to 12 degrees Celsius (the same temperature BBC weather showed for London). What added to the brrrrrr factor was that the maximum temperature crashed by a whopping 11 degrees from Saturday, narrowing the difference between minimum and maximum to just four degrees. What's more, the wind chill on Sunday made it seem like 8 degrees, keeping most Kolkatans under the blanket. The woollens were already out, but the city wasn't quite ready for the sharp chill. Water ran icecold from taps. The markets were largely deserted, so were favourite winter destinations like the zoo, Science City and theme parks.Things won't change till Christmas, says the weather office. \"The sudden chill was the result of a strong wind blowing in from the north and north-east . It carried the icy weather from Kashmir, where it has been snowing (Srinagar is seeing temperatures of minus 3 degrees to minus 8 degrees). As long as the wind continues, Kolkata will remain cold,\" said Devendra Pradhan, deputy director of meteorology.Sunday shiverMax temp crashes by 11to only 16.3in 24 hrs Min temp is 12, but wind chill makes it feel like 8Visibility affected, and the fog could get worse Weather unlikely to change in the next 48 hrs Chill will stay till Christmas: MetThe 15km wind was a critical factor in the chill, Pradhan explained. \"Even though the minimum temperature was 12 degrees, it felt about 4 degrees cooler than that,\" he said. While the dip in mercury had been predicted, the fog took weathermen by surprise.\"Visibility was affected and the fog could get worse,\" a weather official said. Even though it was the coldest day of the season, it was colder on this day last year - December 23, 2011, was 10.8 degrees . \"This is the period when the temperature starts dropping in Kolkata. So, the weather won't change, at least for the next 48 hours. While the minimum will hover around 12-13 degrees, the maximum temperature will be around 16-17 degrees. It could change by 2-3 degrees, in case the sun breaks through. But it will remain chilly,\" said Pradhan.Even though no low pressure area has formed, the cloud cover will continue. Localized rainfall hasn't been ruled out either. \"Whenever we have foggy and windy conditions , some rain is likely to happen. But it will be localized drizzle and is not likely to be heavy or widespread,\" the weather official said.The low visibility disrupted train schedules severely. Many trains, particularly those from north India, arrived several hours late, triggering a domino effect on the departures. The situation is likely to get worse because Delhi and western UP are expected to experience more dense fog in the coming days.At the airport, visibility fluctuated in the morning. Flights took every window of opportunity but most morning flights were delayed by 15-20 minutes. Every time ground visibility dropped below 350 metres, a takeoff or landing had to be put on hold.There was no prolonged stoppage in operation but things could get uncertain on Monday, with the Met predicting pre-dawn fog. If that happens , it could be the first time this season that flight operations are halted from early morning. Last Tuesday, low visibility had forced stoppage in operation between 7.30 and 8.25am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17737774", "title": "Cop returns bag with valuables", "text": "AURANGABAD: A 34-year-old traffic police constable Pandharinath Jaybhay, attached to the city unit and posted at the Aurangabad railway station exit gate point, acted as a samaritan to a 60-year-old lady when he returned her bag containing valuables worth Rs 80,000 on Saturday night, which she had left at the Aurangabad railway station.The constable received the information about an abandoned bag on the premises by an autorickshaw driver and rushed to the spot and found the bag containing cash of around Rs 15, 000 and two gold bangles, among other things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17736036", "title": "Urdu academy stirs, to hold probe into missing Iqbal portrait", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Urdu Academy (MPUA) has called for an investigation into the missing portrait of Allama Iqbal by artist M Irfan. The TOI had published a report pointing out the priceless portrait has been missing from the MPUA. For quite some time, officials were in denial mode--about portrait gone missing from the academy.MPUA chairman Salim Qureshi said, \"An inquiry will be instituted in a day's time to find the how the portrait by one of Bhopal's greatest artist has disappeared. We would initiate action against the guilty.\" After allegations of other irregularities in MPUA, an internal audit covering last 6 years is already underway.The portrait of poet-philosopher Allama Iqbal made by artist M Irfan. It was one of 10 calligraphic sketches of poets which include Mirza Ghalib and Mir Taqi Mir. The intricate work uses couplets to shape different forms. For instance, a verse about eyes forms an eye.The MPUA had acquired one of these sketches - of Allama Iqbal in 1978 at the time of centenary celebrations of the poet. It has been on display at the Urdu academy in Bhopal before it went missing. Incidentally, the artist's family had gifted Iqbal's portrait to the academy.MPUA secretary Nusrat Mehdi on Sunday had denied any knowledge about the missing portrait.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17738088", "title": "Efforts needed to preserve Yakshagana, says Edneer seer", "text": "MANGALORE: Yakshagana is a complete theatre. Music, dialogue, dance, performance and all other aspects are involved in it. It gives education, entertainment and thus nurtures the society, said Sri Keshavananda Bharathi Swamiji of Edneer Mutt, Kasargod.Inaugurating 'Yaksha Vaibhav\" programme organized by Mangalore AIR at Idiyadka Temple hall, Perla near here on Saturday, swamiji said if an art form becomes too popular, it loses its thoroughness.The art form's repertoire then becomes brittle, bare and hollow. \"We should not allow yakshagana to go that extent.Akashvani is striving to maintain the quality of the art form,\" swamiji said lauding AIR's efforts.Vasanthkumar Perla, head of programme, AIR, Mangalore, said listeners wait for its Yakshagana programmes. \"Through varied and special programmes AIR is still in the forefront of taking up cultural causes,\" he said.Members of Yakshaprabha, Ujire exhibited \"Krishnarjuna Kalaga\" on theoccasion. Soorikumeru Govind Bhat, and Sarapady Ashok Shetty, Yakshagana artistes and TRK Bhat, a social worker were the chief guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741361", "title": "Rakshitha takes the plunge", "text": "Rakshitha, who took a plunge into politics some time ago, says she is confident of getting a party ticket from the Raja Rajeshwari Constituency in Bengaluru.The actress told the media that she is keen on contesting the elections early next year in Karnataka after attending a party meeting in Bellary. The actress had earlier met the former Karnataka Minister Gali Janardhana Reddy in Chanchalaguda Jail in Hyderabad to seek his blessings for her decision.Janardhana Reddy happens to be the mentor of Sreeramulu who started the BSR Congress Party, which Rakshitha is a part of. Rakshitha has starred opposite Vijay and Simbu in Kollywood and her songs Pambarakannu and Chanakya were chartbusters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17736095", "title": "Police quiz vendor who sold weapon to CA attacker", "text": "MUMBAI: The Matunga police, investigating the December 17 attack on a CA student near Dadar station, have taken down the statement of a roadside vendor in Andheri, from whom the accused bought the weapon, a 10-inch blade.The accused, Vijay Sangelkar (35), had intended to kill his wife Vaishali, but mistaking Bhandup resident Sonal Lapashiya (25) for her, attacked the latter woman. Sangelkar will be produced in court on Monday, which marks the end of his six-day police custody.\"We took him to the places he visited before carrying out his attack. He showed us the place from where he bought the weapon (for Rs100),\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone IV) Dattatray Karale.Sangelkar, in the custody of the Matunga police, has been telling cops daily that \"he stands firm in his decision to kill his wife if he gets a second chance and is ready to spend the rest of his life in jail\" said a police officer. \"At the same time, he keeps repeating that he made a big mistake by ruining the life of an innocent, sincere girl.\"Meanwhile, Lapashiya, who has undergone surgery for the severe injuries she suffered on the jaw, neck and hand, has been shifted to the general ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17738660", "title": "Dark fantasy &amp; sweet words winning hearts", "text": "RANCHI: Christmas is not only about receiving gifts from the Santa Claus but also about exchanging tokens of love with near and dear ones. Beautifully deigned cards and innovative boxes of chocolates are the most sought after items to be swapped this season.Apart from the usual Christmas greetings, cards with bible oaths inscribed in them are in demand and they range from Rs 55 to 65. Nathaniel Tirkey, who was busy buying cards for his friends, said: \"I am more of a spiritual person so have planned to buy these cards with stories and oaths from bible. Since it is an auspicious day for us, such cards serve the purpose better.\"Chocolate boxes designed in the shape of the Santa Claus have flooded the markets, this time round.The owner of a gift shop said: \"This time most chocolate boxes have Santa as the dominant theme. Chocolates are everyone's favourite and score high as a gift item. We have chocolates stuffed inside Santa shoes and it is priced at Rs 99. The Santa pouch comes at a price of Rs 199.\"\"We also have specially packaged gifts for children. Chocolates packed in trolleys cost Rs 125 whereas those packed in small designer prams range from Rs 149 to 175. There are also net baskets with crosia work done which contains chocolates and are priced at Rs 299. Teddy baskets with chocolates cost Rs 189,\" he added.Sushmita Bhengra, who proves to be the Santa for her children, said: \"Every Christmas I buy chocolates and other gift items and put them under my children's pillow so that when they wake up next morning they are surprised. They are young and innocent so they think Santa gifts them. This time I have thought of buying the teddy basket and designer pram for them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17736560", "title": "Tiger found dead in Ranthambore tiger reserve", "text": "JAIPUR: A mutilated, maggot-eaten carcass of a tiger was recovered the Gilai Saga-Khadar area of the Ranthambore tiger reserve in Sawai Madhopur district on Sunday morning. Officials claimed that the tiger, suspected to be male tiger T-27, died in a territorial fight but activists do not rule out the possibilities of it having being poached or killed by humans. The body of the tiger was found behind the Khandar fort in the forest area.Forest officials rule out poaching\"The terribly mutilated body of the tiger was found behind the Khandar fort in the forest area. Since the canine was worn out we presume it was an old tiger. There were also pug marks of another tiger in the vicinity,\" said YK Sahu divisional forest officer, DFO Ranthambore.Officials said the tiger was found dead by the forest guard during the morning tracking on Sunday. The body is at least 48 hours old and has been eaten by scavengers. The Khandar area is not known to be any particular tiger's territory and tigers are known to traverse through this area. But the area adjoining it is also populated by human beings. Sources disclosed that none of the villagers in the area complained of noise that emanates when tigers fight between themselves.\"It is natural for forest officials to blame all tiger deaths to territorial fights. In this case too the forest officials just took the help of revenue officials, who are no experts in wildlife. Rather an independent team of wildlife experts should have been formed after the detection of the carcass which would have been better placed to decide if the tiger was killed in a territorial fight or poached away,\" wildlife activists, who did not want to be named, said.But forest officials ruled out poaching and said that the autopsy reports have revealed canine marks on the tiger's neck and samples have been taken for forensic tests. Activists, however, refuted the claims, \"It is their word against ours. It is unfortunate that no one else in the know of wildlife was present at the moment other than the department people.\"Besides, none of the body parts of the tiger were found. There were pugmarks of hyena and the body of the tiger has been eaten by scavengers and maggots. \"Forty eight hours is the least possible time that the tiger was killed. It is winter and during this time bodies rot away slowly but the tiger's body was all maggot eaten already,\" added activists. Territorial fights are not uncommon in Ranthambore where the big cat population is fast outgrowing the park area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17741263", "title": "Gang rape protests: Delhi turns into fortress, protesters gather at Jantar Mantar", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after violent protests rocked the national capital, scores of people, mostly school students, gathered at Jantar Mantar on Monday and asked the government to provide speedy justice to the victim in the gang rape case.The protesters shouted slogans demanding quick conviction of those arrested on charges of raping the 23-year-old para-medical student from Dehradun in a moving bus here last Sunday.Some of the protesters, who tried to march towards India Gate, one of the areas of Sunday's clashes, were prevented by the police and were diverted to Jantar Mantar which is the only spot that has been exempted from prohibitory orders under Section 144 CrPC clamped in New Delhi district, banning assembly of four or more persons.Monday's protests appeared muted as the police did not allow anybody reach near India Gate or Raisina Hills, which witnessed pitched battles between the security forces and the protesters on Sunday.There were also small protests near Safdarjung Hospital, where the rape victim is undergoing treatment.Delhi turns into fortress:The heart of the national capital turned into a fortress with heavy deployment of police who blocked roads leading to India Gate and Raisina Hill to ensure that no protests take place there but the arrangements put commuters at severe hardship.Office goers and students were the most affected due to blockade of roads and closure of nine metro stations near India Gate and Raisina Hill.Police blocked Rafi Marg from both sides and one carriage way of Ashoka Road, Copernicus Marg and other stretches around the India Gate.Employees had a tough time reaching their offices in Krishi Bhavan, Shastri Bhavan, Rail Bhavan and Nirman Bhavan as police did not allow crossing Rajpath. Buses were diverted through longer routes.There were heavy barricading on Rafi Marg and Raisina Road and employees heading to South Bloc and North Bloc had to argue with policemen and show their identity cards to them.People heading to Connaught Place from South Delhi and vice versa had severe problems in commuting.Media persons were also not allowed near India Gate or Raisina Hill and were asked to go to Pragati Maidan.Chaos at Metro stations:Meanwhile, chaos ruled outside Metro stations in Central Delhi on Monday morning as hundreds of people reached the stations unaware that they have been closed due to continuing protests at India Gate against the gang-rape of a young girl.Nine stations, including the busiest Rajiv Chowk, were closed from early morning as people came only to be welcomed by boards that entry or exit to the stations will not be allowed today as per instructions from Delhi Police.Rajiv Chowk sees the maximum footfall of over 5 lakh a day and shutting down of this station has caused much problems for people who were agitated and looked helpless.Pragati Maidan, Mandi House , Barakhamba Road, Rajiv Chowk, Patel Chowk, Central Secretariat, Udyog Bhawan, Race Course and Khan Market will remain closed till further orders, according to an advisory issued late last night by the Delhi Metro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17736876", "title": "Raipur school celebrates annual day", "text": "RAIPUR: Ambuja Vidya Peeth, Rawan celebrated its 23rd Annual Day on Saturday.SK Pandey, vice chancellor, Pt Ravishankar Shukla University, graced the celebration as the chief guest and BC Pandey, unit head of Ambuja Cements Ltd , Bhatapara unit, presided over the function as the guest of honour.Principal Ambuja Vidya Peeth, SK Pandey read out the annual report highlighting the academic and sports excellence achieved by the school throughout the year. Students were awarded prizes for various academic and cultural activities.The model exhibition of different subjects exhibited by the students had become an attraction for numerous visitors and parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17736769", "title": "Congenital anomalies highest cause of infant deaths in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: An infant death audit conducted by directorate of health services (DHS) has found that infant deaths caused due to congenital anomalies and genetic disorders is high in comparison to infant deaths caused by other ailments.Of the total 193 deaths reported for the period between January to September 2012, 63 cases were due to congenital anomalies and genetic disorders. Of this, 27 deaths occurred within seven days of birth.DHS further found that the number of deaths as a result of pre-mature births was 48, of these, 35 deaths occurred within a week.The audit also found that the number of deaths due to sepsis was 39, and that there were 16 cases of birth asphyxia and two cases of infections. No cases of infant deaths by suffocation and aspiration were reported.Goa's infant mortality rate is lowest in the country at 11 per thousand live births. To learn more about the deaths and scale the rate further down DHS undertook the infant death audit.Dr Jose D' Sa, chief medical officer in-charge of the state family welfare bureau, said the audit is conducted to examine causes of infant deaths and work out a course of action. \"Audit will help us further bring down the rate of infant mortality,\" D'Sa said.In its audit the department has also covered deaths occurring outside the state but only in case of mothers who have registered in Goa.The audit covered deaths per month, sex wise classification, deaths per district, place of birth, weight at the time of death, type of delivery and most importantly, cause of death.It also revealed that the number of male infants deaths was higher than of female infants. Of the 193 infant deaths, 121 were males, and 72 females.Of the total infant death cases reported, 128 cases were from Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital, whereas just 18 cases were reported from private hospitals.The audit disclosed that the number of infant deaths caused after normal delivery was higher than that of cesarean section. Of the total 193 infant deaths, 140 deaths were from normal deliveries and 53 from cesarean section births.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17736269", "title": "Adventure Carnival 2012 kicks off in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: With an aim to take adventure sports in Madhya Pradesh to a new high this season, organizers of the parasailing sport on the bank of Kaliasot dam have now come up with a range of newer sports that promise to challenge one's adventure instinct this vacation. Adventure lovers can now rule the skies with advanced para-motor, an automatic para-glider which can take you to an altitude as high as 700 feet above the ground. What's more. One can also conquer the mountains around Kerwa dam with rock climbing along with a team of experts.Providing an opportunity to make the most of the ongoing Christmas vacations, organizer Puneet Chaturvedi has kicked off Adventure Carnival 2012 on Sunday at the dam bank ground near Pt Khushilal Sharma Ayurvedic Mahavidyalaya. \"The seven-day carnival is a step ahead in tune with our moto of creating 'fearless youth, secured country.' The activity aims to highlight Bhopal on the adventure sport map offering the local adventure lovers as well as tourists an experience hitherto not available in central India,\" Chaturvedi said.To make things more happening, the organizers have roped in a Rs 5 lakh para-motor that can seat two persons per flight. \"Unlike parasailing where the flyer has no control over the flight, para-motor has wide wings with a motor that offers one better controls in the air. We also provide a trained pilot who sits in the rear seat and controls the glider wings up there at 600 to 700 feet. People of all age group can fly with a nominal fee. Though things will depend on the weather conditions, we expect to make around 40 to 50 flights during the week-long event,\" he said. Rock climbing enthusiasts can look forward to making it at the top while climbing challenging mountains near Kerwa dam. \"A team of professionally trained climbers will guide and accompany the adventure lovers. Apart from youth and others, children above the age of 10 years can also participate,\" he added. The carnival will conclude on December 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17736910", "title": "Tired of police torture, 55-year-old commits suicide", "text": "KANPUR: A 55-year-old man allegedly committed suicide by consuming poison in Kanpur Dehat district, late on Saturday night. The victim was identified as Ajab Singh, a resident of Balai Buzurg village under the limits of Derapur police station.Victim's family members claimed that Singh was summoned on Saturday evening and even third-degree methods were used on him.Deputy Superintendent of Police, Virendra Singh said a case has been registered and a high-level probe would be conducted into the incident.\"Ajab Singh was summoned by the cops of Vihar Ghat police out-post on Saturday evening over a land dispute case. After returning back, he straightway went into his room and consumed poison,\" alleged his son Amit Kumar.Meanwhile, villagers of Balai Buzurg staged a massive protest when the sons of the victim informed them that their father had left a suicide note accusing his neighbour and police of torturing him. Later, the villagers refused to cremate Ajab Singh's body, saying that they want immediate arrest of the accused.Eight persons including three cops were booked in this regard before the family and villagers decided to cremate the body.Meanwhile, an inmate of district jail of Kanpur Dehat who had gone to Kannauj in connection with a hearing of case allegedly consumed poison on Saturday. Ajay alias Azad of Inayatpur Thatiya has been admitted to the LLR Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17737558", "title": "Manmohan appeals for calm, assures safety of women", "text": "NEW DELHI: Breaking his silence over the gang rape, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday appealed to protestors to maintain peace and assured that his government would make all possible efforts to ensure security and safety to all women in the country.\"We are all joined in our concern for the young woman who was the victim of a heinous crime in Delhi. There is genuine and justified anger and anguish at this ghastly incident. We are constantly monitoring her medical condition. Let us all pray for her and her loved ones during this critical time,\" the PM said.\"I feel deeply sad at the turn of events leading to clashes between protestors and police forces. I appeal to all concerned citizens to maintain peace and calm. I assure you that we will make all possible efforts to ensure security and safety to all women in this country. I seek the cooperation of all sections of society to help us in this endeavour and maintain peace,\" Singh added.The statement came against the backdrop of a chorus of complaints from protestors and the opposition that the PM was missing in action. The PMO is also worried about protests casting a shadow on Russian President Vladimir Putin's visit on Monday.That the pressure was beginning to tell was evident in the morning when TV channels quoted PMO sources as saying that junior home minister RPN Singh had been designated to keep the PM updated on the evolving situation.This is also being seen as of a piece with Sonia Gandhi's midnight intervention to assuage public sentiments on a day the protests threatened to take an anti-Congress dimension. Sonia had come out of her house on Saturday night to meet protestors standing outside.On Sunday, she met a group of protestors along with party general secretary Rahul Gandhi. \"We are with you and we will take strong action to make women safe here,\" she is reported to have told the protestors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17736208", "title": "Women\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s helpline from Jan 1", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has directed to initiate immediate steps to eliminate possibilities of crimes against women. Directing to launch a women's helpline from January 1, 2013, he said that immediate action will be taken on complaints received through it.Chouhan directed to set up a fast track court in each district to complete investigation process and legal proceedings in rape cases to sentence the accused at the earliest. He was reviewing law and order situation at a high-level meeting at his residence here on Sunday.Chouhan said that letter will be written to the Union government regarding amendments in laws concerned for deterrent punishment to accused of rape cases. If needed, the state government will also frame necessary laws.Chouhan said that judicial process is delayed due to late receipt of medico-legal report. Therefore, now it will be mandatory for doctors concerned to submit the report within 24 hours. Besides, he also gave directives to present challan against the accused within 15 days.The chief minister stressed the need to discourage tendency of making efforts to influence by accused party taking advantage of delay in completion of legal process in cases of crimes against women and eve-teasing. For this, investigation process will have to be accelerated. He said that it is not proper to remain confined only to filing FIR against the accused. Strict action will be taken against the officers and employees who cause undue delay in completion of these formalities.Chouhan instructed senior police officers to take action against superintendents of police holding them responsible when cases of outrage of women's modesty come to light. Officers of the women and child development department will swing into action to extend psychological help to the woman victims and boost her morale.Giving directives to take action regarding training of judo-karate to women through mutual coordination between the sports , police and school education department, Chouhan instructed to raise master trainers for it. The chief minister directed to install close circuit TV cameras on all the crossings in the city.Chouhan also directed to take immediate action against people found guilty of domestic violence. He said that such cases will be reviewed every week. Special discussions will be held at gram sabhas on ensuing Republic Day to create awareness among people on this issue and motivate to safeguard women's modesty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17737076", "title": "Govt invites YSR Congress to all-party meet on Telangana", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has invited eight political parties of Andhra Pradesh, including YS Jaganmohan Reddy's YSR Congress, to the all-party meeting on Telangana on December 28.\"Those invited for the meeting are Congress, BJP, Telangana Rashtra Samithi, CPI, CPM, Telugu Desam Party, All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen and YSR Congress,\" a source said.This is the first time that YSR Congress, which has 17 MLAs in the Andhra Pradesh assembly, has been invited to an all-party meeting on Telangana. The erstwhile Praja Rajyam Party, headed by filmstar-turned-politician Chiranjeevi, has not been invited as it has merged with Congress.Two earlier meetings of political parties on Telangana were held on January 5, 2010 and January 6, 2011. YSR Congress was not formed then. Jagan is currently in jail in connection with a disproportionate assets case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17738117", "title": "Labour dept to toughen stand on child labour", "text": "HYDERABAD: Labour officials have decided to focus on eliminating child labour in the state, as no amount of raids or special drives are yielding results. Barring the twin cities and one or two districts, the officials had not evinced interest in rescue and rehabilitation of child workers.Under pressure from the higher-ups, labour officials had conducted raids on hotels , lodges, road-side eateries and workshops in the city and registered cases against persons who had employed child workers. \"Though we have been conducting raids, special drives and rescuing child workers, we are not able to end the menace. Now, we will put in our efforts to eliminate child labour from the entire state,\" commissioner of labour, B Ramanjaneyulu told TOI.The labour department has decided to declare 2013 as 'Child Labour Drive Year' to make the state free from child workers. \"To ensure its success, we will conduct a state level seminar in the city in January, 2013. We will invite district level officers (labour department), NGOs and other child worker-linked organisations to the seminar and prepare a roadmap to achieve the target,\" he said. Ironically, labour officials, who had ensured no child worker was employed at shops or establishments in Secunderabad zone since last year, failed to declare Secunderabad as 'No Child Labour Zone'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17736532", "title": "Maharashtra not to follow CEC tips on eco-sensitive zones", "text": "NAGPUR: In a turnaround, the state forest department has decided to prepare eco-sensitive zone (ESZ) proposals around protected areas (PAs) as per the 10km norm, deciding on case-by-case basis and depending on site-specific situations and not as per the Supreme Court's centrally empowered committee (CEC) recommendation.In September, the CEC recommended to limit ESZs between 100 metres and 2km from the PA boundary depending on the size of the PAs. Accordingly, the forest department decided to revise ESZ proposals assuming that CEC's view is normally accepted by the SC.The decision was taken at a meeting chaired by principal secretary (forests) Praveen Pardeshi at Nagpur on September 29. However, now the state will finalize ESZs proposals as per the 10km norm.\"We haven't received any final proposals. Committees headed by deputy conservators (DyCFs) have to finalize on specific conditions of each sanctuary, ensuring that wildlife corridors are protected everywhere. The distances have to be as per eco-sensitive conditions around the sanctuary buffer,\" Pardeshi said.\"We have received 27 ESZs proposals. All these proposals will be submitted to the state government by January-end. The state will examine these proposals before forwarding them to MoEF,\" said A K Saxena, additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF) for wildlife, Nagpur, East.Saxena represented the state at a meeting chaired by Union environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan in Delhi on December 17. \"ESZs was one of the issues. Natarajan took review of the proposals from various states and asked them to submit ESZ proposals early,\" Saxena said.In September, Pardeshi had told TOI that more than 80 per cent of land beyond the sanctuary and national park boundaries are private which the department cannot acquire due to cost and displacement. Hence, the CEC issued new guidelines are rationalized and will be legally enforceable.However, the change in state's stand seems to have come following strong opposition by the standing committee of National Board for Wild Life (NBWL) which compelled Natarajan to state before the Supreme Court that CEC suggestion was unacceptable.\"The turnaround in state's stand may be because of the strong stand taken by MoEF against the CEC recommendation,\" said Kishor Rithe, member, Standing Committee of NBWL. Rithe and others had written to Natarajan, explaining NBWL's earlier position.The NBWL on March 17, 2005 had decided that delineation of ESZs would be site-specific and relate to regulation rather than prohibition of specific activities. The states will have to be consulted in this regard to obtain concurrence. This being an area of potential conflict with local communities, no enhancement of area should be done arbitrarily.Rithe said the new ESZ criteria is contradictory to the earlier. \"It does not ensure that developmental projects like mines, power projects, saw mills and hazardous industries set up just outside ESZs should not negatively affect the PAs. It also does not address the issue of fragmentation and destruction of biodiversity in wildlife corridors connecting PAs.PROTECTING THE SANCTUARIESThe Situation Earlier: Eco-sensitive or safety zones are made as per notification under Environment Protection Act (EPA) 1986. In 2002, as per the conservation strategy, it was stipulated that lands falling within 10km of the boundaries of PAs should be notified as eco-fragile zones. Considering the constraints communicated to MoEF by the states, the proposal for notification of ESZs was re-examined in 2005 by NBWL under the chairmanship of the prime minister. Later, it was decided that delineation of ESZs would have to be site-specific and relate to regulation rather than prohibition of specific activities. In a writ petition of 1995 pertaining to mining activities around PAs, SC accepted MoEF affidavit that declaration of ESZ should be site-specific.The Change: The CEC on September 20, 2012 submitted its recommendations to the SC that PAs having 500 sq km area or more to have 2km ESZ. Those between 200 and 500 sq km (1km ESZ); between 100 and 200 sq km (500 metres ESZ) and below 100 sq km (100 metres ESZ).Forest Dept Stance: Assuming that CEC recommendations are generally accepted, the state forest department planned to revise 27 ESZ proposals it received. However, after MoEF took stand against CEC suggestions, the forest department has decided to go as per the 10km norm and site-specific situations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17738427", "title": "Support grows for Nirbhaya", "text": "BANGALORE: Sunday witnessed a surge of support for the courageous 23-yearold Delhi gangrape victim, christened Nirbhaya by TOI. Hundreds of actors, models, television personalities , socialites, media planners and students took out a symbolic protest, as they draped themselves in black and demonstrated outside the Town Hall. Their demand: enactment of a strong deterrent law against rapists.The models and actors, many of them from Sandalwood, shouted slogans like 'Once a rapist, always a rapist' , 'Do or die, please stop her cry' and 'Women should be respected and not treated as object of pleasure' . The protesters were also angry with the indifference of the authorities to the protests in Delhi. The caning of the protesters in the national capital has rubbed more salt on their wounds, they alleged.Pritie Jain, a wedding planner, took the initiative and gave the first call to her friends that the time had come for them to take to the streets and join the groundswell of protests against the capital outrage.\"I am happy that my friends have turned up for a social cause and protest like this. This shows our concern for victims of sexual violence and their families . It gives me jitters to even think if I or my sister or friends or daughters could be caught in such an incident. What would I have done and how would I have helped them? I am standing here to fight for a safer future for all women,\" Pritie said.The protestors sat on the stairs leading up to the Town Hall. Waving placards and shouting slogans, anger was palpable at the venue, where the protestors spontaneously joined after hearing about the programme on the web and text messages.Pritie said the demonstration is to demand justice not only for the gangrape victim but for all rape and molestation victims in the country. \"It is a blot on our civilization that it has not been able to send a strong message to sex-starved men and boys. The laws in our country are so frivolous that no one is afraid of anything . We demand laws that assure punitive action against such criminals. Death can never be painful for such animals. These criminals should be treated in the same horrific manner as they do their victims,\" she said.Samkith Sanjay, student of CMS College , said he shrinks in fear everytime he sets out with his sister or his female friends or when they go out on their own.City not safeBangalore is safer when compared to Delhi but not as safe as Mumbai. Primarily, because the city shuts down by 11-11 .30 in the night. The state of public transport like taxis or autorickshaws in Bangalore too has failed to inspire confidence in women who come home late at night. Autowallahs particularly are a harassment altogether. I wouldn't dare to walk wearing a quarter pants in Delhi but I can wear a skirt in Bangalore. But that again does not mean that dressing has anything to do with provocation and leading to such incidents.Deepika Shah | Entrepreneur and socialiteSuch shows of anger will create some impact and ring alarm bells in Parliament. I think there is still a section of people that does not participate in this change-making process. The laws to safeguard crime against women are absolutely necessary but why are people not bothered? I also feel male politicians don't lend their ears to women politicians in Parliament. This is why the government is showing such negative behaviourSwetha Sanjeevulu | ActorLaw and government are for the people. Not otherwise. Therefore, most severe action needs to be taken against the rapists and molesters. They should not be merely imprisoned for cruelty meted out to women in a country where goddesses are worshipped. These depraved persons should be hanged for their unforgivable crimes.Meghana Gaonkar | ActorAnger flows on the streetsAnger, frustration, helplessness, sympathy and empathy. A smorgasbord of emotions showed at Freedom Park on Sunday. The spark of anger that has been lit by the Delhi gang rape brought out Bangaloreans in large numbers to the city's protest corner. The message was clear: No more rapes.About 400 people took part in the candle-light march organized by 'Good Hearted Souls' from Freedom Park to Town Hall. Dressed in black to show solidarity with the victims, they hoped that the government would take some action to ensure safety of women across the country.\"The Mayans were right after all. With such monsters roaming around feely, the civilized world has come to an end,\" read one of their placards.Before they began their protest, volunteers issued petition forms to all those present. The petition demanded , among other things, more fast-track courts in every state, special protection for victims, stricter laws and severe punishment for offences against women. It also requested that there be no mercy for the culprits.\"Based on the views of many of our friends and volunteers, we drafted this petition,\" said Subhash Chandra , an organizer.\"Freedom Park has seen many protests but never one like this. This fight is not for the country, it is for mankind,\" said Amreth Charmana, cofounder of Good Hearted Souls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17736643", "title": "A cub reporter stands tall", "text": "I have been reporting only for a year. Being freshly out of college (and the fact that I am not a very tall person), people often don't realize that I am a journalist. Such assumption often ends up making certain situations quite amusing for me and potentially embarrassing for others.Only the other day, I was at a railway workers' union meet to attend the press conference of their national leader. I was the only girl among all the railway reporters, most of whom are quite senior.All the reporters were standing in a group when the organizer of the press conference came to greet us. He shook hands with all, except me. Then, turning to the reporter standing beside me he said, \"Choti ko introduce nahi kiya?\" (You didn't introduce the little one?)The reporter to whom this question was directed did not, quite understandably, know how to react. Although I had an urge to laugh, I dared not open my mouth. The organizer was gaping at us. Finally, I managed to control my amusement and introduced myself. The organizer turned an apologetic red and left the scene, taking efforts not to come face-to-face with me again on that day.A similar incident occurred when I went to cover suicide prevention seminar of Nagpur University. The teachers and volunteers somehow concluded that I was a student who had come to seek help and started behaving in a kind and gentle manner one would take while treating someone perceived to be on the edge. They even made me fill up a questionnaire on the subject. I went along with the comical situation, just for the heck of it. Luckily for me, the questionnaire results showed that I was not suicidal!Such is the situation of life of a reporter who happens to be young, new to the profession and of a short stature. Moving from such trivial tragedies to some warm moments, I was happy to realize that the perception of the real world which people have was somewhat flawed. But luckily for me, I have experienced otherwise.For every tricky situation I was in, there have been helping hands that have not faltered while helping me out. Unlike the popular idea that people gnaw at each other to move forward in the rat race, my experience was that it is good to be new, rough on edges and undergo the process of refinement. Youngsters, while venturing out into the 'real world', are often warned about it being big and bad. I have come to know one thing, that the world might be big, but not all that bad.(Being pint-size, aviation reporter Aparna Nair makes sure that no development flies under her radar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17737634", "title": "CM to attend devp meeting in Pune in Jan", "text": "PUNE: The chief minister will attend an all-party meeting of MLAs and MLCs in the city in the first week of January to discuss issues related to the urban development department (UDD).A statement issued by MLA Madhuri Misal said the meeting will focus on slum rehabilitation, problems of flood-affected people, traffic and other issues related to the UDD. \"The meeting will take place in the first week of January. The CM has given assurance to hold this meeting to speed up the pending issues related to UDD in the city,\" said Misal.Misal had raised issues of restructuring of Swargate bus stand, shelter for working women on Sinhagad Road, business training centre for women prisoners in Yerawada jail and building bridges and flyovers on the Sinhagad Road. All these issues will be discussed during the meeting, she said.Other topics that will be deliberated upon during the meeting include non-availability of machines for Aadhar card drive and delays in getting birth and death certificates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17738025", "title": "A helpline that doesn't help all women", "text": "Mysore: A helpline that will take your call only if you are a BSNL user. That's the state of the women's helpline (WH-1091). And it's a problem that the government has failed to address over the years. Women encountering hostile situations are inconvenienced as they cannot make calls to the helpline number from other telephone service providers except from BSNL . This has curtailed the number of women seeking help in times of distress. This is a major shortcoming and it has deprived women both in urban and rural areas as majority of telephone/mobile users are not subscribers of BSNL service. Authorities and successive government have failed to address the issue for reasons best known to them. WH-1091 is manned by NGOs. The helpline in Mysore city is run by Shakthidhama and Odanadi. At taluk level, local NGOs man the helpline. Department of women and child welfare deputy director N Vijay told TOI that in 2012 about 430 women in Mysore approached the authorities through 1091. \"Of these we have extended help to nearly 400 women. Remaining cases are in various stages,\" he said. Vijay said they have qualified counsellors and social workers to address issues pertaining to women and that majority of cases are related to family disputes. \"We visit the spot following a telephone call and act accordingly depending upon the situation. The department also provides free legal assistance for women in need of help,\" he claimed. The department has rehabilitated about 31 women in state remand homes, provided free legal assistance to nine women and given free entrepreneurial training to about 21 women. \"Many have asked that the facility be extended to private telephone users also,\" Vijay stated. M L Parashuram, director of Odanadi, an NGO working for the welfare of sex workers and children, feels the need to develop a network between the departments concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17738428", "title": "Women not safe in their bedrooms too", "text": "Forget roads and public transport. Married women in India are helpless even in their own bedrooms. For, the Indian Penal Code (IPC) does not even categorize 'marital rape' or 'forced sex by husband' as a cognizable offence.With the law of the land silent to their plight, many married women have no choice but to surrender to their husbands' sexual whims.Earlier this month, a bench of the Delhi high court turned down an appeal filed by a woman seeking action against her husband for marital rape. The court said there is no provision in the IPC to seek action against a husband for forced sex. The judge noted that if the couple is legally married, then it is the husband's right to have sex with the wife.Advocate Geeta Menon says, \"In India, marital rape happens only if the couple is legally separated and the husband still has forced sex with the wife. Else, there is nothing called marital rape. Also, there is no provision in the IPC to seek action against the husband for forced sex.\"But the absence of law does not mean that rapes don't happen within marriages. Advocates dealing with family matters admit to receiving several briefs where women complain of being forced to have sex by their husbands notwithstanding their psychological and physical state. Sex without consent is at most addressed as an issue of cruelty in a marriage, they say.Senior counsel Pramila Nesargi says: \"I have come across several cases where the wife has been forced to have sex without her consent. Not many women come out openly to discuss marital rape and seek divorce on this ground.\"The trouble, experts say, is that marriage in India is seen as a licence to have sex. Lawyers admit that differences in perception are at the root of most marital disputes. There is no family or legal support for Indian women when it comes to marital rape. They just have to suffer it silently. This can be changed only with the help of women's empowermentDr Shaibya Saldanha | Gynecologist and co-founder, Enfold India TrustAny sex without love or affection is rape. Many a time women are forced to have sex even during menstrual cycle or illness, which is no less than rapePramila Nesargi | Senior counselIt is seen as a right of the husband to have sex with the wife with or without her consent. Marital rape just does not happen in our society within the marriageGeeta Menon | AdvocateLurking depravitiesSunayana and Anil (names changed), a well-educated couple residing in Ulsoor, were married for 10 years. The couple had two sons. Anil used to travel at least 10 days every month on business. Anil used to turn into an animal once he returned home from his business trips. \"He used to straightaway drag Sunayana into their bedroom. Sunayana was fed up with sex and she sought divorce. But once the court granted custody of her children to Anil, a distraught Sunayana killed herself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17737333", "title": "Ruckus after kin of labourer refuse to receive his body", "text": "COIMBATORE: Arrest of a construction labourer over the death of a fellow worker, who died after coming in contact with live wire while carrying iron bars, created ruckus at the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital on Sunday.M Mohan (45), a resident of Madukkarai, was working as a labourer at the construction of a house at Balaji Nagar in Kuniyamuthur. The house was owned by Ganesan. Around 4pm on Saturday, Mohan died at the construction site when he came in contact with a live wire while carrying iron bars.Mohan's brother-in-law Gopalakrishnan said police took into custody Ganesan and another construction labourer S Babu (34) in connection with the death of Mohan. Instead of arresting Ganesan alone for constructing a house near electric lines, the police arrested Babu alleging that he was the contractor who had hired Mohan.\"No constructions are supposed to be made near electric lines. The owner was constructing the building in violation of the rules,\" he said.Relatives of Mohan refused to receive his body and staged a protest at the CMCH on Sunday, demanding to release Babu and arrest Ganesan.The relatives relented only after a compromise was reached between them and house owner with the mediation of N Selvaraj, general secretary of the district construction workers unit of AITUC.\"The house owner has agreed to pay compensation to the Mohan's family and the police agreed to investigate the case,\" Selvaraj said.Coimbatore: Relatives refused to receive the body of a labourer who was involved in the construction works of a house in Kunaimuthur died after the iron bars he was carrying touched the electric wires on top of the house.They alleged that the police instead of arresting the house owner who had hired the labourers arrested another worker in the guise of being the contractor. Later the body was released after police agreed to release the arrested labourer.According to relatives M Mohan (45) who a resident of Madukkarai who was a construction labourer was involved in the construction works of a house of one Ganesan at Balaji Nagar in Kuniyamuthur. On Saturday had died by 4pm after the iron bars he was carrying touched the electric lines above the house and he was electrocuted, and died on the spot. Gopalakrishnan his brother-in-law said that the police took into custody Ganesan and another construction labourer S Babu (34). But instead of arresting Ganesan the house owner for constructing the house near electric lines, the police arrested Babu in the guise of being a contractor who had hired Mohan. \"No constructions are supposed to be made near electric lines. The owner was constructing the building in violation of the rules,\" he said.Senthil another relative accused that the police was trying to circumvent the case by arresting a labourer. They refused to receive the body of Mohan on Sunday saying that the owner should be arrested. Later by evening after talks with police and other officials N Selvaraj, the general secretary of the District Construction Workers unit of AITUC said that a compromise has reached with the house owner and the officials. \"The house owner has agreed to pay compensation to the Mohan's family and the police agreed to investigate the case,\" he said. Meanwhile, police claimed that the labourers were appointed by a contractor who would be taken into custody immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17736292", "title": "Confusion over act to protect kids from sexual offences", "text": "BHOPAL: Clear picture over the implementation of the recently framed Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act, (PCSOA) 2012 has yet to emerge particularly after trial courts in some of the districts refused to frame charges under the Act.Tikkamgarh police had charged rape accused's under this Act in four different cases. But, when they submitted challan in two of the cases - including one registered at Baldevgarh police station - the court of additional session judge pleaded ignorance about the act, stating they had no intimation from the high court on the same.The police are now awaiting opinion from the law experts for further steps.When contacted, Inspector General (Sagar range) Pankaj Shrivastava and superintendent of police (SP- Tikkamgarh) Deepak Tiwari refused to comment on the issue.The Panna district police on Sunday charged a teenaged rape accused under PCSOA amid confusion on its implementation. Additional director general of police (ADG), M R Krishra confirmed that the Act has been notified. Passed by Parliament in May this year, PCSOA came into force on November 15. The Act provides precise definitions of different forms of sexual abuse, including penetrative and non-penetrative sexual assault, sexual harassment and pornography.It also provides for stringent punishment, graded as per the gravity of the offence, with a maximum term of rigorous imprisonment for life for certain offences.Moreover, the Act also prescribes punishment for a person if he provides false information with intention to defame any person, including a child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17737577", "title": "CM asks officials to ensure better delivery of services", "text": "Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday said that his government is continuously making efforts to ensure better delivery of services to the people and will ensure all steps in this regard. Launching the work of state-wide modernisation of registration offices on Sunday, he said to meet expectations of the people and fulfil its promises, the government is giving responsibility to able officers, besides regular reviewing works of various departments. Terming the registration department as an important one with the revenue it generates for the state, he said the government will emphasise on use of modern technology in various departments to ensure speedy delivery of services. \"Registration department offices are the one where crores of people come and they should get better facilities,\" he said stating that the department earns revenue to the tune of around Rs 9,000 crore for the government. He said the modernisation drive will include all 352 deputy registrar offices in the state.Charan Singh remembered: The office-bearers and workers of the Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) paid tributes to former prime minister Chaudhary Charan Singh on the occasion of his 110{+t}{+h} birthday by garlanding his statue and organising a 'hawan' at the party office on Sunday. The RLD workers also garlanded the former prime minister's statue installed in front of the Vidhan Bhawan. The workers took an oath to follow the ideology and principles of Chaudhary Charan Singh and work for the upliftment of farmers, youths and downtrodden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17736633", "title": "Aam Aadmi Party set for state launch", "text": "NAGPUR: The crusade against corruption in political form - Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will now make its mark in the state. Top leaders of AAP have chosen Nagpur for the party's debut in Maharashtra.The city houses the headquarters of the right-wing Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) but top AAP leaders have decided not to allow RSS members to become their party's members, it is reliably learnt.AAP leader Mayank Gandhi was in the city for constitution of the district committee, which would be announced on Monday. A meeting of the would-be party members was held in a hall in Dhantoli.A close aide of Gandhi said the party had decided to set up all district level units by January 30. \"From Nagpur, we will cover Vidarbha, Marathwada and Western Maharashtra before launching our party in Mumbai.\"About the Nagpur district unit, the would-be member said initially the executive body would have between 10 and 15 members. \"It would be expanded to 25 members. The office-bearers cannot contest elections. No person with a criminal background would be allowed to become a member. Persons who have a record of fighting against corruption and against the administration regarding local problems will be given important posts in the party,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17701594", "title": "Plan to deck up Ganga diara for Xmas, New Year", "text": "PATNA: Want to enjoy Christmas and the New Year amid cold breeze and even cooler sands, watching the setting sun from the lap of Ganga? To make this come true, the tourism department has planned once again to make the necessary arrangements on the Ganga diara.The department is putting up food stalls and making sitting arrangements at the Ganga diara. Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC) has already invited interested businessman to apply for opening temporary food and game kiosks at the diara for over a period of one week starting from Christmas to provide entertainment and food to the visitors. A small token payment of Rs 1,000 to Rs 2,000 is required for setting up the food and entertainment kiosks.\"We have also mooted a camel safari in the diara, but this is yet to take final shape as ferrying camel to the other side of the river on a boat is quiet difficult,\" Sunil Kumar Pintu, state tourism minister, told TOI. He added, \"We have a few applications of people interested in setting up food and entertainment kiosks and for camel safari. But we are yet to decide whom to entrust with the task.\"To ferry the people across the river, BSTDC would double the number of trips of its floating restaurant. Besides, more country boats would be available at ghats to ferry the visitors to Ganga diara. One can enjoy in the lap of the river till almost sunset. Since there is no satisfactory electricity facility in the diara, the corporation has planned on allowing people enjoy there only till sunset.On the Christmas and New Year, the floating restaurant would operate between 10am and 5pm, the number of trips depending on the number of footfalls. In a single trip, the restaurant can carry as many as 80 passengers. There would be a music programme on both the special days along with special snacks and dinner on the restaurant.Christmas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17738655", "title": "Rape attempt on minor in Jamshedpur", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A day after the news of molestation of a six-year-old surfaced in the city, the residents on Sunday witnessed another case of attempt to rape in the Bhuyandih area under Sitaramdera police station.The accused, 26-year-old Bittu Singh, allegedly attempted to outrage the modesty of a 11-year-old girl, who lives in his rented house at Slag road in Bhuyandih. The victim's family has accused him of trying to molest the young girl on the rooftop on Saturday night when she went upstairs to bring her clothes. The accused, who is the son of the owner of the house, is absconding ever since the matter was reported to the police station. \"An FIR has been lodged and police is conducting probe into the matter, thoroughly,\" said Sitaramdera police station in-charge, Indu Bhusan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17736131", "title": "For some, it was payback time", "text": "NEW DELHI: For a large number of male protesters, the Sunday protest was the chance to get back at Delhi Police. \"All our lives we have lived fearing these policemen. It is time to show them our solidarity. Let them feel the fear of public outrage,\" said Rahul Biswas, a resident of Dilshad Garden. Biswas and his other friends, all students, admitted they came to India Gate to teach Delhi Police a lesson.Young men were seen ridiculing policemen deployed at various spots \u00e2\u20ac\u201d by spitting at them, showing them middle finger, and throwing bananas, bottles and stones at them. Some protesters even offered cops a \"bribe\" to let them enter the restricted area. \"These are shameless people, show them some money and make your way to Parliament,\" said an angry protester, hurling a coin at a police constable at the Man Singh Road circle. Some even flashed hundred-rupee notes at constables.Another group screamed, \"Delhi police thu thu\", as constables tried to block the way of protesters. \"Since youth, I have seen traffic police harassing people and make money out of it,\" said Kumar Mahesh, another east Delhi resident.This anti-police fervour gained momentum post-noon after cops started lathi-charging. Following this, many men gheraoed police vehicles, with some blocking special commissioner (northeast) V V Chaudhary's car from heading to India Gate.Special commissioner (law and order) Dharmendra Kumar accepted there was an outrage against police. \"That is why an inquiry commission has been set up. Some officers have already been suspended. But what is the purpose of lawlessness?\" he asked. Another senior officer said this was the time to bring in police reforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17736909", "title": "Roadside foodstalls banned on Dec 31", "text": "NASHIK: Anticipating the possibility of misbehaviour on the roads on New Year's eve, the Nashik police have decided that no roadside foodstalls will be allowed to operate.Assistant commissioner of police Ganesh Shinde said, \"Similar action was implemented last year and it helped keep revellers under check. On this day, we ask people who sell snacks and other food stuff by the roadside to not operate taking into account the rush of revellers. Celebrations often reach a highpoint on the night of December 31 and youngsters may consume food and alcohol at such kiosks which adds to the possibility of misbehaviour. Thus, last year's plan of keeping roadside foodstalls closed will be repeated this year too,\" added Shinde.Meanwhile, many groups in the city are joining rallies and demonstrations to protest against the Delhi incident. The city police are sensitising women all across the city about their security. On Friday and Saturday, the Zone 1 police visited a women's meet in Gangapur Road area to inform them about the steps they should be taking about their security.Shinde said that he and DCP Sahebrao Patil gave them their cellphone numbers and that of other senior officials so that women can call them in any emergency.\"While the festive season is upon us and parties are expected, we are telling girls to not go out alone with someone or a group they are new to. They must keep their family members informed about their whereabouts,\" said Shinde.Senior police officials said the action against anti-social elements in different parts of the city is going on. The focus is on College Road and Shalimar areas.Shinde said that in the past two to three days, action has been taken against at least 100 people under Bombay Police Act for misbehaviour in public.While the festive season is upon us and parties are expected, we are telling girls to not go out alone with someone or a group they are new to. They must keep their family members informed about their whereabouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740835", "title": "Choreographer Shabina confused with producer Shabina", "text": "What's in the name said Shakespeare. Well, lot when it comes to the film industry. After the confusion over actress and singer Raageshwari Loomba and televison artiste and dancer Rajeshwari and the Sens - Riya, Raima, Reema and Rimi - the latest to join the bandwagon is designer and producer Shabina Khan and choreographer Shabina Khan.The latter is flooded with calls asking for producer and vice-versa. In fact a popular website even confuses the names including designer Shabina Khan's profile in choreographer Shabina Khan's list of films.When contacted Shabina Khan says, \"Of course I get worked up when I am asked is this designer Shabina Khan. At the same time I understand and give Khan's number anyway. I am sure she must be facing the same situation too. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741767", "title": "Rihanna donates $1.75mn to Barbados hospital", "text": "Singer Rihanna has donated $1.75 million to a Barbados hospital in memory of her late grandmother Dolly.Rihanna was devastated when her grandmother Clara 'Dolly' Braithwaite lost her cancer battle in June 2012.She visited the radiotherapy department at Queen Elizabeth Hospital (QEH) in Bridgetown, which is to be renamed the Clara Braithwaite Centre for Oncology and Nuclear Medicine, Saturday.Rihanna was there with her mother Monica Fenty and Dolly's husband Lionel to make the donation.\"This was my way of giving back to Barbados, in a form of philanthropy, by assisting the QEH in its continued modernisation programme... I believe that this will have a huge impact on the people of Barbados. This was all done to save lives or at least extend them,\" Rihanna told eonline.com.The 24-year-old is spending Christmas in her native Barbados with her family. She was recently spotted supporting local businesses by picking up trinkets in a number of small shops on the Caribbean island.She was mobbed by locals as she browsed boutiques in Bridgetown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17736678", "title": "A strategy is required to combat sexual harassment", "text": "NAGPUR: A lecherous look, a deliberate brush, lewd remark or open flirtation. In legal terminology it is called sexual harassment, and it happens all the time. 'The fairer sex faces it everyday at least once, so what's the big deal,' many ask. Perhaps that's the reason why men have been carrying on with this low impact version of sexual assault with impunity.\"Without doubt women face it all the time and are aware too,\" says Archana Nafde, who is a self-employed woman and runs a security agency. \"My profession is considered to be a male domain. Initially, men were surprised to see me. There was once a suggestion of meeting a client privately who wanted to further discuss business with me. But I was immediately aware of which way this was going and of course my firm did not get that business,\" she says. Nafde says that best recourse is to draw a line and never ever encourage men who indulge in such acts.\"It all starts in a very innocent manner and initially difficult to understand. But if not discouraged it can blow up,\" says Nazma Faheen, an HR trainer. \"In my organization, five young girls resigned at one go because a male colleague had been passing silly comments like \"deep necks really look good on you\", or \"wear tighter jeans as that would show your figure.\" When they complained to the chairman he paid no heed and asked them to resign, says Nazma.But it does take time to know the real intentions, feels Chetna Kelkar, an employee in a public sector bank. \"In government establishments the awareness levels are high so such incidences are not tolerated. But in private setups, as there is less job security, women chose not to understand or ignore,\" she says. But it takes time to react as initially once or twice women put up with it, but if the fellow persists then they react, says Kelkar.\"There is a fair amount of ambiguity regarding what amounts to sexual harassment,\" says spiritual counsellor and life coach Dr Sapna. \"Every woman intuitively knows when a remark is sexist. It's just that fear of being chided and of not getting any support from society makes her keep quiet,\" she says.Changing work environment and increasing gender equality have brought about changes now, feels Smita Dabholkar, an educationist. \"Globalization has changed working styles. Now it is about the correct perception and an awareness of what the work would entail which is essential. But if things go beyond this then they need to be corrected.\"\"When faced with sexual harassment, a woman does not know how to react. I'm very strong headed but if a guy touches me while walking past or makes a remark I stand there helpless and shivering with anger,\" says R J Ritika of Radio Mirchi. There is no strategy in place for most of the women when faced with such situations, she feels and agrees that most don't even know what comprises sexual harassment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17736144", "title": "Women's safety rules only on paper", "text": "Mumbai: Home minister Sushilkumar Shinde did react sharply to the New Delhi gangrape episode, but it appears that before making a policy statement, his homework was grossly inadequate. Except death penalty for a rapist, the stringent measures announced by Shinde are contained in more than a dozen circulars issued by his ministry between 1995 and 2009.In fact, it was found that after every major crime against a woman, particularly in New Delhi, the ministry of home affairs promulgated critical guidelines to ensure safety and dignity of women, but once the circular was issued, there was absolutely no follow-up action. As a result, most of the directives remained on paper. The last such circular was issued by the ministry of home affairs on September 9, 2009, and it was marked to all chief secretaries, home secretaries, DGPs and IG of prisons. The circular is very comprehensive and asked state governments to take immediate measures for the safety and protection of women.It asked state governments to set up a special cell for women in every police station, at least one all-women police station in every district, rape crisis centres, sexual assault treatment units, fast-track courts for time-bound disposal of cases and, above all, increase the percentage of women in police force. The Centre had asked all state governments to submit a compliance report within a stipulated period. It was expected that Maharashtra would implement the order in letter and spirit. But leave aside the implementation, even senior IPS and IAS officers were in the dark about the crucial circular. It's high time that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and home minister R R Patil step in and initiate measures for the safety of women.Spotlight on GadchiroliChief secretary J K Banthia recently spent an entire day in the Naxal-dominated Gadchiroli district to get a first-hand account of the plight of the villagers. Banthia was accompanied by bureaucrats Amitabh Rajan, Swadheen Kshtriya, T C Benjamin and heads of all those departments who are responsible for the development of the Naxal-dominated areas. Ever since Prime Minister Manmohan Singh passed critical remarks against the state home department, led by senior NCP leader R R Patil, saying, that the government's efforts to undertake development works in Naxal-dominated areas were inadequate, Amitabh Rajan has been campaigning in Gadchiroli almost on a weekly basis. Known as a tough bureaucrat, Rajan did an in-depth study on the state of affairs, utilization of funds for development, vacant posts, posting and transfer of police officials and communication problems and presented a comprehensive paper on the steps to be taken for restoring the confidence of the villagers. It was found that in some areas, well over 90% of the posts were lying vacant for a period ranging from five to 15 years, a section of elected representatives have quit in the wake of pressure from Naxalite leaders and that over all, there was sense of insecurity. A week ago, when Banthia reviewed the law and order situation and virtual collapse of administration, he too endorsed Rajan's findings. On the basis of these findings, specific instructions have been given to the administration. Let's hope the situation improves soon.Babudom woesCM Prithviraj Chavan has completed two years in office, but there's still no clear policy on the transfer and postings of IAS officers. A week ago, Chavan posted Mumbai suburban collector Nirmal Kumar Deshmukh as the chief executive officer of the Slum Redevelopment Authority (SRA). In the corridors of power, after the BMC commissioner and urban development secretary, the CEO of SRA is the most prestigious assignment. Ever since he was relieved from the suburban collector's post on July 18, Deshmukh was without an assignment for well over six months and now SRA CEO S S Zende is in waiting. Deshmukh could have been posted in SRA in July itself, since Zende had completed his three-year tenure in March 2012. More shocking was the fact that while 15 other collectors are waiting for their posting for a period ranging between nine months and one-and-half years, the general administration department is yet to issue appointment orders to 13 officers who have been shortlisted by the UPSC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17736215", "title": "Cop fined 10, 000 for RTI response delay", "text": "MUMBAI: State chief information commissioner Ratnakar Gaikwad has fined ACP Rajendra Kotak Rs 10,000 for not providing copies of an RTI query within 30 days.Under the RTI Act, activist Chetan Kothari had sought information from the coordination cell of the commissioner's office about the rights of an arrested person. \"I wanted to get information about rights given to an arrested/detained person. While I got details from other police stations, ACP Kotak, who was assigned the job of collecting the information and giving it to me, delayed the process,\" said Kothari.Kothari filed a second appeal. That, too, was delayed. \"It was almost 60 days and I did not get the copies. When I approached the ACP, he demanded money for handing over photocopies of the answers. According to rules, after 30 days , answer to an application has to be be given free. Why did he need money for it ,\" he said.-Mateen Hafeez He said Kotak demanded Rs 2 per page. \"I approached the information commissioner and Kotak was fined for the delay in providing information. Kotak was sitting on the info for several days but did not give it to me,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "nagapattinam", "code": "17737449", "title": "Raped 12-year-old girl under treatment in Nagai hospital", "text": "NAGAPATTINAM: A 12-year-old girl who was raped by two minor boys in a village in Nagapattinam district on Friday is still undergoing treatment a the Thiruthuraipoondi Government Hospital.The two boys raped the girl on Friday afternoon when she was alone at home. As the girl informed her parents on Friday night, her father, a farmer, lodged a complaint with the Thalaignayiru police on Saturday morning. The police registered a case under Sections 376 and 450 of IPC. Later, the boys were sent to a juvenile home in Thanjavur. However, the girl was admitted in Thiruthuraipoondi Government Hospital. She was undergoing treatment in the hospital till Sunday.\"Her health condition is stable. But she is still being treated at the hospital,\" T Roopavathi, sub-inspector of police, Thalaignayiru police station, told TOI.Roopavathi also said it was the first such incident in the area, habited mostly by illiterate people. \"When we enquired with the boys, we found that they were not even unaware of the consequences of such a crime. The boys said they committed the crime on an impulse. Illiteracy among people in the area is also a reason for such a crime.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17742190", "title": "Memo case: Pak SC tells Husain Haqqani to appear before it on January 28", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's Supreme Court issued a fresh notice to former ambassador to the US Pakistan's Supreme Court issued a fresh notice to former ambassador to the US Husain Haqqani on Monday to appear before it on January 28, when it will resume hearing a case related to an alleged memo that purportedly sought US help to stave off a feared military coup.A nine-judge bench of the apex court headed by Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry will hear the case pertaining to the memo allegedly sent by Haqqani to former US military chief Admiral Mike Mullen seeking US intervention to avert a possible overthrow of the government in the aftermath of the American raid that killed Osama bin Laden last year.The apex court further directed the government to submit by January 13 a report on the security that would be provided to Haqqani, who is currently in the US.The court also issued notices to other respondents in the case, including the Inter-Services Intelligence agency and the defence ministry. Haqqani has not responded to several notices to appear in court, saying his life would be in danger if he returned to Pakistan.The apex court wants Haqqani to come to Pakistan to record a judicial statement.During the last hearing of the case, the apex court had directed Haqqani's lawyer Asma Jehangir to file a request with the Interior Secretary for providing security to her client.A judicial commission set up by the apex court concluded in June that Haqqani was responsible for the mysterious memo, which was made public by controversial Pakistani-American businessman Mansoor Ijaz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741243", "title": "Salman Khan vs M'wood this week?", "text": "Bollywood superstar Salman Khan has always ensured to make his releases a rather must-see and celebrated one, be it for Eid, Diwali or Christmas. When his movies like 'Bodyguard' and 'Ek Tha Tiger' were released in India, they managed to withstand the competition of other movies releasing on the same dates, and also managed to be the highest box office grossers. However, this Christmas, Salman Khan seems to be having a tough competition in Kerala, what with four Malayalam movies releasing on the same day.Mohanlal's Karma Yodha , Mammootty-Ranjith duos Bavuttiyude Namathil , Aashiq Abu's Da Thadiya and Unnikrishnan B-Asif Ali's I Love Me are riding high on expectations this year. But will Salman be able to survive the competition? \"When the Kerala audience have four movies directed by some of the leading directors and featuring the leading stars of M'wood to choose from, it is indeed tough competition for Salman's Dabangg . If there were no highly-anticipated Malayalam movies releasing the same day, then Salman would definitely have had a chance to top the BO from day one. But those who prefer non-Malayalam movies would, without doubt, opt for Salman's movie on day one,\" say industry experts.It seems like we have to wait for this week to pass by for the verdict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17735760", "title": "GU syndicate: BJP gains control", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After the elections heat, the focus is now on the politics of Gujarat University (GU). With all Narhari Amin supporters joining BJP, the party now has a strong hold over the university syndicate. Of the 13 seats in the university syndicate, the BJP now has 11 members.Before the elections it was reversal of the roles. Before Amin and his men joined the BJP, the Congress had 10 members and there were three BJP members. The Congress now has just Himanshu Patel and Indravijaysinh Gohil as its members in the university. Amin was appointed as an educationist by the governor.The Congress in the recently held election had an upper hand in GU politics. Be it the routine functioning of the university or attacking vice-chancellor Adesh Pal, Amin and his men always led the attack.As expected, the switch over has given relief to Pal. This GU syndicate and senate were totally ruled by Amin and his men. Not just this, the Congress has also lost its grip on the university as several of Amin supporters have resigned from the party and joined BJP. Digvijaysinh Gohil, who resigned from the Congress, said, \"I have resigned from Congress, but have not joined BJP. I've resigned as Amin was denied ticket by the Congress.\"Amin had been holding the fort for the Congress in GU for the past 30 years. After he joined BJP, a section from the party met senior BJP leaders and requested them not to give complete control of the syndicate and senate to Amin.Meanwhile, there were rumors that Amin was appointed as the educationist by the governor following recommendations of the Congress and he would be asked to resign. However, when contacted Amin said, \"I was appointed as an educationist by the governor and there was no recommendation by the Congress. I would not be required to resign,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "17739144", "title": "Six die after virus outbreak at Japanese hospital", "text": "TOKYO: Six elderly patients have died of gastroenteritis following a norovirus outbreak at a hospital in Japan's Miyazaki prefecture, a media report said.The victims were among the 44 patients and staff who exhibited the virus-caused gastroenteritis symptoms of vomiting and diarrhoea at the hospital in Nichinan city, reported Xinhua citing hospital officials. The dead were all male patients aged between 78 and 88.Norovirus infection is characterised by nausea, forceful vomiting, watery diarrhoea, and abdominal pain, and in some cases, loss of taste.The hospital's director apologised for the delay in reporting about the norovirus outbreak. The authorities began suspecting norovirus when the number of patients rose sharply from four to 16 last week.As norovirus outbreaks were also found in many other places recently, Japan's health ministry has urged local governments throughout the country to pay attention to the norovirus epidemic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17738477", "title": "Govt spent Rs 69 lakh from state exchequer to fight mining cases", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government paid over Rs 69.36 lakh from the state exchequer to lawyers in the last four years to fight cases of steel and mines department pending in courts. Minister of state for steel and mines Rajanikanta Singh disclosed this while replying to a question during the just concluded winter session of the assembly on Saturday.The government spent the highest Rs 35 lakh in 2010-11 on legal expenses of the steel and mines department. In 2009-10 the government spent Rs 19.44 lakh on the legal expenses, Rs 10.21 lakh in 2011-12 and Rs 4.71 lakh in 2008-09.The multi-crore mining scam and cases filed in different courts has become a major headache for the state government since the past two years. Union minister of state for chemicals and fertilisers Srikant Jena described the mining scam in the state as bigger than those of Goa and Karnataka.The government said in the assembly, Mukul Rahatogi, a senior advocate of the Supreme Court, was paid the highest Rs 17.90 lakh in 2010-11 to fight a public interest litigation (PIL) case.Anindya Kumar Mitra, a barrister of Calcutta high court, along with two other colleagues of the same court, was paid a total of Rs 17.30 lakh during the past four years to fight the case of Geomine Minerals and Marketing Pvt ltd versus the state government.Srikanta Nayak, a special counsel, was paid Rs 13.99 lakh from the state exchequer to fight at least nine different mining cases, while K K Venugopal, a senior advocate of the Supreme Court, was paid Rs 12.10 lakh to fight a single case of the state verses Nalco and others.Among other major recipients of advocate's fees from the state government, Raju Ramchandram, a senior advocate, was paid Rs 3.80 lakh in connection with a single case in 2010-11 - the state versus Arjun Ladha. G Vahanvati, a senior advocate of Supreme Court, was paid Rs 3.30 lakh in March this year in connection with Bhusan Power and Steel Ltd verses the state and others. R S Jena, who has been fighting three diffident cases on behalf of the government, was paid Rs 48,000 as advocate's fees during the past four years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17737457", "title": "Accused kept watch on victim", "text": "VADODARA: Investigations in the rape of a 13-year-old minor at Anand have revealed that the accused had kept a watch on her home before waiting for an opportune moment to rape her. The girl was raped on Thursday and the accused was arrested by Anand police on Saturday.Investigations by the police have revealed that the accused Riyazsha Diwan, 25, used to frequent a kiosk selling tobacco products opposite the residence of the victim. Diwan, who used to stay near the victim's home, is married and has one child.\"He used to keep a close watch on the victim's residence. When he spotted her alone as her grandparents were not at home, he entered the house and bolted its doors from inside and raped the victim,\" said Anand police inspector P K Deora.Deora added that the accused had been sent to judicial custody. His semen sample has been collected.In another incident, the semen sample of Keshavraj Joshi, who allegedly raped a two-year-old girl in Halol, could not be collected.Police officers said he would be presented in the court once the sample was collected. They added that the condition of the girl, who was admitted at SSG Hospital here, was stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17739734", "title": "Anil Kapoor turns a year older", "text": "Anil Kapoor turns a year older today, December 24. Looking back he feels he has spent his entire life working hard. \"I try my best to do the right thing.Age is just a number.Staying healthy and fit is just a matter of discipline.Recently I had the good fortune of meeting the Dalai Lama. I felt so cleansed!Just listening to him is such an enriching experience. What he said was,how you feel and choose to live are all up to you. If you lie to yourself and to others, you're bound to be unhealthy.At 82, look how radiant the Dalai Lama looks. I'd love to look as radiant when I reach that age. Positivity has always been my mantra for existence.\" At 54,Anil is very careful about his eating habits. Says the frugal eater, \"I never touch the samosas. But I love the upper-crust.I don't have the filling.People say I look like a samosa without the filling.I've worked to stay slim.I've never been a red-meat eater. I eat frugally and carefully.But I do indulge myself. There's nothing I haven't done in my life.I can gorge on forbidden food any time.But I admit I make a lot of culinary sacrifices. One has to give up some pleasures to achieve what one wants to.\" Anil has never shied away from hard work. \"It seems like I've been working all my life. And that's the way I like it. I've always gone by instinct.For example I was offered television in the West, with big money. But I seriously wasn't tempted.Come to think of it ,I've always wondered why others get big money while I've to work my ass off to make a decent living!Nothing has come easy to me.I've slogged for everything I've got.And that's the way I want it.\"Anil welcomed the struggle that comes with success. \"I never wanted anything to come easily to me. It's not hard work. It's working to my optimum capacity.When I see people like Tom Cruise and Amitabh Bachchan Saab I feel I don't work hard at all.When I see Salman Khan and how hard he works on his body I want to work harder on my body.Look at how hard Hrithik and Ranbir work.The strength of the mind and body is illimitable.We are never able to achieve the optimum.\" Anil now wants to work towards a six-pack physique. \"I never had a paunch. But regrettably I never had a six-pack either. Hopefully with my son's help I'll get there too. In the meanwhile I've lost a lot more weight recently for 24. I am more agile and flexible and leaner.I've lost 6 Kilos.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741261", "title": "I am waiting for quality films: Zarine Khan", "text": "Actress Zarine Khan, who was last seen in \"Housefull 2\", is waiting for quality work to come her way and that may mean some time before she is seen on screen again.\"I will hopefully start two films next year. So I think my fans won't have to wait much longer,\" the 28-year-old said at a horse race event.\"After 'Housefull 2' , I got a lot of offers but I believe in doing quality work rather than quantity. So I would rather wait and do good work,\" she added.Zarine made her Bollywood debut with 2010 film \"Veer\" opposite Salman Khan .She will start shooting for \" Partner 2\" soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17740128", "title": "Manipur firing incident: Five policemen suspended", "text": "IMPHAL: Five police personnel have been placed under suspension in connection with the incident in which a 29-year-old journalist was killed in police firing in Manipur, official sources said on Monday.The sources said a three-member enquiry committee headed by principal secretary (Home) Suresh Babu has been constituted to probe Sunday's incident and the panel would submit its report to the government for further action within a week.The police fired on Sunday to disperse supporters of a 'general strike' called to demand the arrest of a Naga militant who allegedly molested a film actress on December 18.Thangjam Nanao Singh alias Dwijamanti, a journalist with 'Prime Time' news channel who also contributed pictures to Doordarshan, was killed in the police firing while taking pictures during the strike at Thangmeiband area in Imphal West district.Chief minister O Ibobi Singh , who met a delegation of All Manipur Working Journalists Union on Sunday evening, had given an assurance that all possible action would be taken to book the police personnel involved in the incident.He had also told the delegation that steps would be taken to prevent the recurrence of such incidents in the future, sources said.Meanwhile, Manipur Film Forum (MFF), which had called the 'indefinite general strike', said the strike has been suspended from midnight yesterday till midnight of December 26 in deference to and wishes of general public particularly Christians in view of the Christmas, a spokesman said.The general strike, which began from December 22, had been called demanding arrest of NSCN-IM militant Livingstone Anal who had allegedly molested film actress Momoko during a musical concert at Chandel area besides manhandling two other artistes who tried to save her by opening fire. The bullets missed the duo.While the state government said Anal could not be arrested immediately since NSCN-IM was engaged in peace process with the Centre, several social organisations and lawyers said Anal could be arrested since he had committed crime.The ceasefire between the Centre and NSCN-IM has been in force in Nagaland and not in Manipur, official sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17736947", "title": "Inquiry panel to meet students, college officials", "text": "Nashik: The inquiry committee appointed by the government of Maharashtra to probe into the alleged discrepancies in the ASSO-CET - the medical entrance test this year will be summoning all the medical aspirants, their parents and the college authorities in eight days to hear their side of the story.The state government had set up an inquiry committee through its government resolution on November 29, headed by the deans of government medical and dental colleges in Pune, Nagpur and Aurangabad. Around 80 parents had filed complaints against discrepancies in the medical entrance examination and the inquiry committee was to look into complaints and find if the colleges had followed norms set by the Pravesh Niyantran Samiti (PNS).The report was expected by December 14. But when the parents inquired with the committee, they found that the committee has not met even once and is well past the due date.\"The ASSO-CET admissions took place this year for seats in private medical colleges. The management of private medical colleges has manipulated admissions. Around 80 students and their parents aired their grievances about irregularities in the procedure and filed their complaints with Pravesh Niyantran Samiti (PNS). PNS then accepted the facts and they made these admissions provisional until further order. Meanwhile the government decided to launch enquiry. But the committee could not get time even to meet in these 15 days,\" said a parent Shantanu Kale.Earlier, some parents had also observed hunger strike. After a Supreme Court order on May 8, the Association for Private Unaided Medical and Dental Colleges (APUMDC) in the state conducted only two rounds of admissions on the basis of ASSO-CET, and not three like earlier. Students then applied at institute level for the vacant seats. However, parents alleged that colleges flouted the admission norms prescribed by the Samiti.Dr V D Vangikar, Director Professor of Community Ophthalmology and Public Health, Civil Hospital Campus, Aurangabad and one of the members of the inquiry committee said, \"We are giving letter to all the parties - the students, parents and colleges, to be present for a meeting in eight days. We will listen to their grievances and take the decision.\" Samiti office secretary P E Gaikwad said that they are expecting the report soon.However, the concerned people declined to furnish reasons for the delay in the inquiry.Around 80 parents had filed complaints against discrepancies in the medical entrance examination and the inquiry committee was to look into complaints and find if the colleges had followed norms set by the Pravesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17738600", "title": "NIA to probe Hazaribag arms seizure case", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The case in which foreign-made weapons and bulletproof jackets were found from the Silodar forests on the Hazaribag and Gaya district of Bihar on August 29 has been transferred to the National Investigating Agency (NIA). Police have found US-made rifle, Italy-made pistol and bulletproof jackets along with Rs 9 lakh cash from one Prafull Malakar and a senior Maoist leader Anil Kumar Yadav.SP Manoj Kaushik said now the investigation will be conducted by the NIA team headed by ASP Rajesh Sahni from Lucknow. \"We had informed the NIA, Delhi after which the team came and started investigation. Now the entire investigation and trial of the arrested will be conducted at a special court set up for the purpose at Ranchi,\" the SP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17737925", "title": "SDM's car rams pregnant woman", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A five-month pregnant woman sustained serious injuries after being hit by Panchkula SDM Sharanjit Brar's car on Madhya Marg in Sector 27. The SDM sustained minor injuries in the accident, in which her car overturned on Madhya Marg in Sector 27. The accident occurred around 2pm when Brar was on her way to Sector 17 from Sector 25, Panchkula, where she had attended a function.\"The driver of the SDM's car braked suddenly to avoid hitting the woman, identified as 27-year-old Madhavi, who was walking on the road. Madhavi, who works at a grocery store in Sector 26, was crossing the road to go to Sector 27 for lunch. Although the driver tried to save her, the rear part of the vehicle hit her,\" a police official said. Madhavi was rushed to Government Multi-specialty Hospital in Sector 16 with serious injuries on the head and other parts of her body.The SDM's car overturned due to sudden application of breaks. Policemen and passersby extricated the injured from the overturned vehicle. The SDM, her personal security official Madan Lal and driver Ved Parkash, who were injured, were rushed to PGIMER. Madan Lal was discharged but Ved Parkash was admitted in hospital. Sharanjit Brar sustained an injury to the nose and was discharged after preliminary first aid. Police have registered a case and investigations are on. Eyewitnesses said the SDM's car was being driven at very high speed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17741149", "title": "India, Pakistan renew cricket rivalry after Mumbai attack", "text": "BANGALORE: Five years after their bilateral cricket ties were snapped due to the Mumbai terror attack, India and Pakistan are set to slug it out in what promises to be a high-voltage limited-over series starting with the first Twenty20 international on Tuesday.The two-match T20 and three-match ODI series has been squeezed in between India's ongoing full series against the England cricket team, which has taken a break to go home for Christmas and New Year holidays.India and Pakistan, which last played a bilateral series in 2007, squared off in multi-national events several times after 2008 but for the first time, a Pakistani cricket team will be hosted for a series after the attacks.The Indian team is going through some testing times as they renew rivalry with Pakistan since the side has been struggling for success.India did well in the T20s against England after being humiliated in Tests but bowling remains a persistent headache for them in all the formats.The likes of Alex Hales, Michael Lumb and Eoin Morgan put the Indian attack on sword during the short T20 series and the Pakistan batsmen would be looking to exploit this weakness of the hosts.Except for a spirited show put up by Ashok Dinda, none of the Indian bowlers made an impact on the English batsmen. Parvinder Awana, Ravichandran Ashwin and Piyush Chawla have all struggled to get wicketsThis may prompt skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni to give a chance to either Abhimanyu Mithun or Bhuvneshwar Kumar.Surprisingly, Yuvraj Singh was the most successful bowler with six wickets and he also batted stupendously for India.India would want the Chandigarh boy to continue with his good touch against a very tricky opponent.Flamboyant Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Rohit Sharma and skipper Dhoni himself have had some runs under their belts and they would like to continue in the same vein against Pakistan.It will be interesting to see if Dhoni gives a chance to Ambati Rayudu, considering his past performances in this format of the game.But it will be a tough test for Indian batsmen against Pakistan's formidable pace attack, led by Umar Gul and Sohail Tanvir.Not only the pacers but Pakistan have an extremely good spin attack in the form of Saeed Ajmal, Shahid Afridi and captain Mohammad Hafeez to choke the strong Indian batting.Afridi's dwindling form has been a worry for the Pakistani captain which at times muzzles the team's batting prospects. However, Hafeez has tremendous confidence in his all-round abilities.Pakistan have landed in India after making wholesale changes to their bowling. They have made six changes to the squad that went to Sri Lanka for the T20 World Cup.Fast bowler Junaid Khan, who was dropped from World T20 squad, has been included for his ability to do well in the death overs.Ahmed Shehzad, Umar Amin and M Irfan have also made a comeback while Asad Ali and Zulfiqar Babar are the other inclusions.India and Pakistan met last time in the 2012 T20 World Cup which the former won by eight wickets.In 2007 T20 World Championships, India won both the clashes. In the league stage, the match ended in a tie and India won via a bowl-out. In the final, India defeated Pakistan by five runs to win the trophy.Teams (from):India: MS Dhoni (Capt.), Gautam Gambhir, Ajinkya Rahane, Yuvraj Singh, Rohit Sharma, Suresh Raina, Virat Kohli, Ravindra Jadeja, R Ashwin, Ashok Dinda, Ishant Sharma, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Parvinder Awana, Piyush Chawla, Ambati Rayudu.Pakistan: Mohammad Hafeez (Capt.), Ahmed Shehzad, Asad Ali, Junaid Khan, Kamran Akmal, Mohammad Irfan, Nasir Jamshed, Saeed Ajmal, Shahid Afridi, Shoaib Malik, Sohail Tanvir, Umar Akmal, Umar Amin, Umar Gul, Zulfiqar Babar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17738503", "title": "DAV students resent college name change", "text": "KORAPUT: Students and alumni of Dayanand Anglo-Vedic (DAV) College, Koraput, have strongly condemned the state government's decision to change the name of the college. The students' union has also threatened mass agitation if the government does not retract its decision.In a notification on December 6, the higher education department changed the college's name to Government College Koraput. \"The college is over four-decade- old and the name is attached to the sentiments of the students. The government can't change its name just like that,\" said Bhabani Mishra, former secretary of the students' union.The students' union had submitted a memorandum, addressed to the higher education minister, to the district administration and observed two hours Koraput bandh last week.Established in 1968 by the DAV Education Society, the college was taken over by the state government in 1982. The college's governing body had suggested a change in the name after UGC stopped providing funds for its infrastructural development in 1991 when it was accorded the 'lead government college' status. It had proposed that the college be renamed as Government DAV College. School and mass education minister Rabi Narayan Nanda, who is an alumnus of the college, said he will take up the matter with the higher education department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17736519", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar was never a great believer in team meetings: Ganguly", "text": "KOLKATA: Sachin Tendulkar's decision to step away from ODI cricket took Sourav Ganguly by surprise. \"In a way, it is the end of an era. It is his decision, and we all have to respect that but I feel he should have continued to play both formats of the game till the end of his career,\" Sourav told TOI.Sachin's ODI record | Profile:  Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar | In Pics:  Sachin's one-day journey  \"It would have helped him to rediscover his form. The six-week gap between the England and Australia series is too long and he will have to start all over again. He is almost 40, and believe me it is not going to be easy,\" he added.Looking back on his association with Sachin, which dates back to their under-15 days, Sourav said, \"It has been a privilege to play with a legend like him. Even during our U-15 days, we knew he was a special talent. He just loved to bat. Our coach had to literally drag him out of the nets so that others would get a chance. His love for the game has not diminished one bit.\"Surprisingly, Sourav named Sachin as the best captain he had played under. \"He played a critical role in the nascent stage of my career. Youngsters can lose heart if they get dropped early in their career after a couple of failures. As captain, Sachin showed great belief in me and Rahul Dravid when we were new to international cricket,\" Sourav said.The former India captain also disclosed that he never had any problem in leading the 'master' after succeeding Sachin in the hot seat. \"He was never a great believer in team meetings. He would always say 'let's go out there and do it'. And he generally did.\"The only time Sourav had to face the music from skipper Sachin was after India lost the Barbados Test in 1997. \"Chasing 120 for victory, we were bowled out for 81 and lost by 38 runs. Sachin was really angry. He gave us an earful and threatened to send us home by the next flight if we didn't improve,\" Sourav recalled.The southpaw admitted to benefitting from batting tips from the Little Master at various stages of his career. \"He advised me to shuffle while facing up to fast bowlers. In New Zealand, he offered to handle Simon Doull, whom I was finding difficult to pick,\" Sourav said, \"Sachin would never bowl leg-breaks in the nets, but would turn the ball a foot in a match. I don't know how he managed that without practice.\"Sourav, however, wants Sachin to take his final bow in style. \"Everyone has to call it a day some time. When that day arrives a player like him should go with his bat held high,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17737866", "title": "Nuclear submarine INS Chakra facing problems with critical components: Navy", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's only Russian-origin nuclear submarine INS Chakra is facing problems with its critical components affecting its operational readiness.The 8,000-tonne submarine has been facing problems with its critical components and Russia has been asked to provide the parts for the vessel which need to be replaced, Navy sources told PTI here.However, they did not divulge the components which would have to be replaced but indicated they are critical for the operations of the submarine.India had inducted the Akula-II Class 'Nerpa' nuclear submarine in its inventory in April this year at the Vishakhapatnam-based Eastern Naval Command. It was renamed 'Chakra' by the Indian Navy.The Russian submarine had met with an accident in November 2008 when it was undergoing sea trials in the Sea of Japan in which around twenty sailors were killed and several others were left injured.The submarine was launched in 1993-94 but its construction was held up since then due to lack of funds with the Russian Navy.However, in 2004, the Russian side decided to build it after reaching a ten-year lease agreement for operation of the submarine with the Indian side.With INS Chakra and the yet-to-be-inducted indigenously built INS Arihant, India is planning to have two nuclear submarines guarding its vast maritime boundary.With a maximum speed of 30 knots, Chakra can go to a depth of 600 metres and has an endurance of 100 days with a crew of 73. However, as per the lease accord, it cannot carry nuclear warheads.The vessel is armed with four 533mm and four 650mm torpedo tubes.India had leased and operated a Charlie-class Russian nuclear submarine, also called 'Chakra', in 1988 for training its personnel on such submarines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17736274", "title": "FDA pulls the plug on Bhopal hookah lounges", "text": "BHOPAL: The district administration has pulled the plug on hookah lounges in the city, according to health officials here on Sunday. According to district chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shukla licence of nine hookah lounges has been cancelled. They were operating under a licence given to restaurant.\"It is a violation of licence for food and drug administration (FDA) Act. Hookah is not a food,\" said Dr Shukla who is also the designate district food safety officer. FDA inspectors, acting on authorities' directive, raided Cafe 'Nargilay' in Koh-e-Fiza area and sealed the premises.Earlier in July, FDA inspectors had collected samples from the same premises in Koh-e-Fiza on instructions of district collector. Five months after the test, the report is still awaited.Earlier on Saturday, the state commission for the protection of child rights (SCPCR) pulled up health officials for letting hookah lounges operate under licence of a restaurant. No department, including the Food and Drug administration (FDA), issues licence for operating a hookah lounge. Dr Shukla had informed the SCPCR that as per gazette notification of October 1, 2008, a smoking chamber needs to be designated for those places with capacity of over 30 persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "shahid kapoor , who began as a background dancer in taal, has had his share of both controversies and accolades. good looking and talented, pankaj kapur and neelima azim's son could have easily consolidated his position on the top of the pile after vivaah, jab we met and kaminey. but quite inexplicably, 31-year-old actor has been throwing it all away, as if willingly stepping aside for the younger actors to surge ahead.  hailed by critics as an actor who leaves an 'indelible impression' on the audience, shahid has earned the reputation of being 'arrogant' and 'difficult' with a string of career decisions that have baffled even his staunchest critics, and ticked off some of his closest allies. not to mention the half-adozen flops since kaminey. there are whispers of shahid's 'unprofessionalism'. filmmakers who approach him with new projects, complain that he likes to keep them on tenterhooks. apparently, shahid made balaji motion pictures wait for two months before telling them that he was not interested in playing chhota rajan's character in the sequel to once upon a time in mumbaai. imran khan moved in for the kill. shahid also lost out to hrithik roshan for siddharth anand's remake of tom cruise-starrer knight &amp; day.  a source close to shahid's former best friend ken ghosh, who made ishq vishq pyaar vyaar, fida and chance pe dance with him, adds", "code": "17739572", "title": "The curious case of Shahid Kapoor", "text": "Shahid Kapoor , who began as a background dancer in Taal, has had his share of both controversies and accolades. Good looking and talented, Pankaj Kapur and Neelima Azim's son could have easily consolidated his position on the top of the pile after Vivaah, Jab We Met and Kaminey. But quite inexplicably, 31-year-old actor has been throwing it all away, as if willingly stepping aside for the younger actors to surge ahead.  Hailed by critics as an actor who leaves an 'indelible impression' on the audience, Shahid has earned the reputation of being 'arrogant' and 'difficult' with a string of career decisions that have baffled even his staunchest critics, and ticked off some of his closest allies. Not to mention the half-adozen flops since Kaminey. There are whispers of Shahid's 'unprofessionalism'. Filmmakers who approach him with new projects, complain that he likes to keep them on tenterhooks. Apparently, Shahid made Balaji Motion Pictures wait for two months before telling them that he was not interested in playing Chhota Rajan's character in the sequel to Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai. Imran Khan moved in for the kill. Shahid also lost out to Hrithik Roshan for Siddharth Anand's remake of Tom Cruise-starrer Knight &amp; Day.  A source close to Shahid's former best friend Ken Ghosh, who made Ishq Vishq Pyaar Vyaar, Fida and Chance Pe Dance with him, adds: \"Shahid took very long to complete Chance Pe Dance. The budget shot up and Ken had to shell out a few crores to compensate the producers.\" It did not end there; Shahid reportedly did not get along with Jiah Khan , and wanted Genelia to be signed up instead. The film tanked, and so did Shahid and Ken's camaraderie. Not just Ken, Shahid has reportedly managed to upset both Vishal Bhardwaj and old friend, Ahmed Khan. Says a source close to Khan: \"Ahmed choreographed many of Shahid's dance numbers. But the two had too many creative differences during the making of Ahmed's Pathshala. When the film sank without a trace, their association took the blow.\" Recently, Shahid reportedly opted out of Karan Johar's production directed by Punit Malhotra. Apparently he had demanded for changes in the script. Shahid was replaced by Imran, but interestingly, the script was tweaked in accordance to the younger actor's wishes. The latest controversy dogging Shahid is that he opted out of the Yash Raj film directed by Maneesh Sharma. A section of the industry claims he was asked to leave because he turned up for one of their rituals in a pair of shorts and later refused to attend the reading and rehearsal sessions. Shahid has now been replaced by the up and coming Sushant Singh Rajput. Till his current film Phata Poster Nikla Hero went on the floors, Shahid was seemingly happy twiddling his thumbs and making regrettably honest comments like: \"I am jobless.\" A leading producer (on request of anonymity) sums it up: \"The boy is far more talented than his contemporaries. He can act, is a superb dancer and has an impressive fan following. But his erratic behaviour may be his undoing.\" It would be interesting to see if 'the boy' is man enough to tackle the demons of his mind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17736322", "title": "Jat's the way: Let all board the backward bandwagon", "text": "The once proud, strong and forward community of Jats in Haryana may have of late, by their own admission, become humble, weak and backward, but they certainly are not dumb. They asked for reservations as a backward caste, but refused the extra 10% offered by the state government, which would take the total over and above the 50% limit fixed by the Supreme Court. The Jats know well that the sum of all reserved jobs cannot exceed this figure. Yet, suddenly they are quiet, amid reports that some understanding has been arrived at with the state government.How the 50% ceiling will be circumvented, only the parties to this dispute know. Overall, the problem before us remains: how do we accommodate more and more castes asking for reservations without violating the apex court's norm or compromising efficiency or creating discontent among the haves who want to become have-nots. And that includes almost everybody.Reservations started with the 22.5% for the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes. No one had any problem with giving them quotas in jobs or education or the legislatures. If they did, they kept their counsel.Then we had the Other Backward Classes whose only count we had was from the 1931 census under the column 'caste'. Who exactly are they? The Kaka Kalelkar Commission set up in the early 1950s identified 2,399 of them. A quarter century later the Mandal Commission found that, as a result of all-round progress and development in the country, the number of backward classes had gone up to 3,743. The combined figure of SCs, STs and OBCs when Mandal came up with his dubious arithmetic was over 75% of the entire population.Since in India 'backwardness' increases with economic progress, the same trend would, in the 32 years since Mandal, have pushed the combined SC, ST and OBC figure to nearly 80%. In fact, 15 years ago 132 castes were added to the list and another 90 in 1999. Post-Mandal, Jats have already been granted OBC classification in Delhi, UP, Rajasthan (except in Bharatpur and Dholpur districts), and in Himachal Pradesh.Meanwhile, the suggestion that reservations be granted to economically weaker sections among the upper castes has come from various quarters. The phrase used in the Constitution of India is 'backward classes', not 'castes', so the field becomes vague and, therefore, vast. Brahmins have from time to time asked for job quotas. In kalyug conditions are not propitious for the soul saving business, so they need other avenues of employment. The Rajputs, too, have been throwing hints that they are getting a raw deal. Job vacancies for feudal functionaries have dried up completely. In this technological age, the army requires comparatively more brains than brawn, so all erstwhile 'martial' castes feel they are at a disadvantage.For one reason or the other, every caste group in India now wants to wear the badge of backwardness on its sleeve. And if all 'disadvantaged' Hindu groups are all brought into the backward fold, the numbers would easily cross the 80% mark.Then we have the minorities who constitute over 15% of our population and who, in any case, been saying for long that they need job and other quotas. Get them on to the bandwagon and there will be just a miniscule number still left out of this great retrograde revolution. We might as well ask them, too, to join our great march backwards. And when that happens we, the people of India, would all become one big, happy family of oppressed and backward classes. We can then have 100% reservations all around, Jats included, and no one would object.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17736776", "title": "Calangute locals complain of rude behaviour by cops", "text": "CALANGUTE: Residents complained of rude behaviour by the men in uniform at a police-public 'community policing' interaction held at the Calangute panchayat on Saturday evening.Superintendent of police-North Vijay Singh presided over the meeting which was also attended by Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo, MLA Michael Lobo, sarpanch Anna-Marie D'Souza and a large number of policemen from the Calangute police station.The interaction was held to make residents of Calangute, most of whom are involved in the tourism industry, aware of various legal requirements and also to devise ways to reduce instances of crimes. SP Singh highlighted the need for all guest-houses to fill the mandatory C-form when foreign guests check in, while those renting out rooms to migrants need to fill the migrant verification form which is available at the local police station.MLA Lobo stressed the need to open more police outposts close to the beach. \"When tourists get robbed or cheated on the beach, they find it difficult to go the police station which is located far away from the beach,\" he said, pointing out that the station was established way back in the late 80's and is no longer able to cope with the tourism boom in Calangute. \"We need one outpost in Baga, one near the main beach entrance, and one at Candolim,\" he said.Speakers also complimented PI Raposo for cracking down on the Nigerian drug-peddlers and prostitution rackets. Many also complained about the rude behaviour of the beat policemen and constables.Calangute communidade attorney Anthony D'Souza even offered to provide video evidence of such rude behaviour. SP Singh assured that he would look into the complaints and take action. \"As you know we have already suspended some policemen who were posted in the past in Calangute for their involvement in the prostitution rackets,\" he said referring to head constable Vaman Naik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "17737075", "title": "Rape accused escapes from jail", "text": "Palanpur: A prisoner accused of raping a minor girl escaped from the sub jail in Dhanera town of Banaskantha district.The accused Bhema Purohit fled along with a co-prisoner Golapji Koli, who was arrested in a theft case.Their fleeing came to light only when the routine counting of prisoners was being conducted on Saturday evening. It is believed that the duo escaped by climbing up the pipe in the toilet and then jumping off the jail's wall.Purohit had allegedly raped a minor girl in Mewada village of the district during Navratri.Banaskantha superintendent of police Ashok Kumar said, \"We are hopeful of their re-arrest as soon as possible. Action will also be taken against the erring policemen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17736724", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcState jails not safe enough\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NAGPUR: The public accounts committee (PAC) of the state legislature has slammed the police department for increase in violence among prisoners and number of prisoners' deaths.The committee's report for 2012-13 submitted to both the Houses in the winter session stated the situation was bad even in high security prisons at Arthur Road (Mumbai), Thane Central and Yerawada (Pune), where terrorists are kept. The report states that rules are being increasingly violated by the prison staff. Criminals are being helped by them and the security of the prisons is threatened.PAC is a committee of legislators from both Houses. It is constituted every year to examine the observations of Comptroller and Auditor General of India's audit report.The committee has asked the department to improve the functioning of the prisons and increase their security. It has expressed anguish over the poor infrastructure of the department and asked the home ministry to modernize it and submit an action taken report in three months.It has also pulled up the police department for its failure to spend modernization funds and recommended that an in depth inquiry should be done and guilty officers should be punished. Retired senior officers should be appointed to supervize the modernization process. The department should ensure that funds do not remain unspent.The PAC for 2012-13 headed by BJP MLA Girish Bapat has recommended several measures for modernization of the police force.The legislators also feel that instead of allocating the same amount for each district, the allocation should depend on the population and geographical area. The police department's financial powers should be increased and decentralized as well.The legislators have expressed surprise that there was no post of legal advisor in the police department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17735756", "title": "Pay rise deals can't ignore majority of workers: HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has ruled that settlements relating to pay rise that are negotiated by employers with the representatives of a few workers - and which are objected to by a majority of workers - cannot be accepted.With this view, the HC upheld an industrial court's decision of increasing workers' salary and quashing the settlement the company had sealed with five leaders.In this case, Green Channel Travels Services Pvt Ltd and Cadila Pharmaceuticals Ltd did not agree with the demand of pay rise in the form of 23 different allowances by its transport department's employees. The disputes were going on since 2005 and a case was filed in the industrial court. The workers were demanding the rise of Rs 2,000 in allowances.While the issue was in court, the companies settled the dispute in 2011 with five so-called union representatives. Besides settling at a lower payment than demanded for past services, these leaders also accepted the company's offer that it would raise allowances from Rs 800 to Rs 1,500 for next five years.When employees came to know of the deal, they complained to the industrial court that the five leaders were selected from a minority group of 37 workers, and they did not represent the interests of all.The tribunal upheld workers' arguments and ordered the company to raise Rs 1,500 in allowances with effect from 2008, and quashed the settlement about future increments. The pharma company moved the HC against the tribunal's order. A bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala rejected the company's plea and upheld the industrial court's order to increase payment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17737321", "title": "Win or lose, Pakistan to focus on good cricket", "text": "BANGALORE: Peace may have been the central theme of the Pakistan team's first media interaction during their tour of India but there was no doubting that the visitors were hoping to have a piece of the Indian team too.Beaten black and blue by the Englishmen in the recently concluded Test series and then sharing the two-match T20 series has left the Indians vulnerable and Pakistan, naturally, look at it as their best chance to return victorious.Persistently asked if the cricket would take a backseat amidst all the friendliness, Pakistan T20 skipper Hafeez made it clear that his side was here to win even if playing good cricket was more important than mere results.\"We have come here to play good cricket and we want to win for Pakistan,\" said Hafeez, flanked by coach Dav Whatmore and team manager Naveen Akram Cheema at the media conference hall in the Chinnaswamy Stadium. \"We will always try to play within the spirit of cricket. I don't think winning or losing makes a difference to a good game of cricket,\" he added a little after a long practice session concluded around 1.30 pm on Sunday.\"We all know the importance of these games because people of both the countries love their team to win against each other. Expectations are high but as I said earlier we are here to play good and competitive cricket.\"We always love to come here, it is a great feeling whenever you land in India and you love to play in India,\" said Hafeez, who later insisted that the excessive security would not have a bearing on his team's showing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "17738077", "title": "Despite safety devices, fog affects train schedules in Haryana and Punjab", "text": "AMBALA: The dense fog sweeping the plains of Haryana and Punjab during the last two days has affected the schedules of trains passing through here, with almost all trains reaching 5 to 10 hours late at Ambala junction.Even the special fog safety devices have proved to be of little help in maintaining train timings, sources said.At the time of installing the devices in all trains in the Saharanpur-Ludhiana section, the authorities had boasted that the device becomes the eye of the driver during poor visibility -- by informing him about the platform well in time. But these have failed to keep train services smooth this fog season as well, they said.On Sunday, hundreds of passengers could be seen waiting at the railway station here since morning, until evening, as almost all trains were running late.Himgiri Express, scheduled to arrive at 5.15 am at Ambala junction, reached here at 2 pm on Sunday and Allahabad-Chandigarh Express reached 10 hours late. Hawrah-Kalka Express reached at 2.30 pm, 12 hours behind schedule.\"The fog has badly affected the timings, but we are trying to smoothen the traffic,\" divisional railway manager, Ambala, P K Sanghi, told TOI. The condition is not any better when it comes to road traffic, sources added.Meanwhile, in view of the foggy conditions, Kurukshetra police have launched a special drive at NH-1, under which traffic police personnel are reaching dhabas, where they talk to drivers about how they can keep traffic safe and smooth during fog.\"Apart from this, we are installing reflectors on vehicles. We keep a close check so that vehicles can move in line and at proper speed,\" Rajbir, SHO, traffic, Kurukshetra, who is heading the campaign at NH-1, told TOI over phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17741989", "title": "India successfully test-fires Astra missile third time in a week", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: India on Monday successfully test-fired its indigenously developed Astra air-to-air interceptor missile from a defence base in Odisha for the third time within a week, an official said.The beyond-visual-range missile was tested from the Integrated Test Range (ITR) at Chandipur, about 230 km from here. The missile intercepted a simulated target.\"There was no actual target. It successfully intercepted a simulated target at an altitude of 4 km,\" ITR director M V K V Prasad said.Astra is envisaged to intercept and destroy enemy aircraft at supersonic speeds in the head-on mode at a range of 80 km and in tail-chase mode at 20 km.The scientists of the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) which developed the missile had earlier conducted successful tests of the Astra missile from the same base on Friday and Saturday.\"The exercise carried out Monday was to test the missile's interception capability and high manoeuvring,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17742079", "title": "Web Exclusive/ Furniture Consortium to open Quality Component Development Centre", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Furniture Consortium to open Quality Component Development Centre K M Sree Kozhikode: Zamorin's Furniture Consortium is planning to set up a Quality Component Development Centre at Naduvannur in the district. The Consortium, that has given a fresh lease of life to the wood industries in the city will offer world class amenities to the small industrialists in the sector for the quality designing and development of all the required furniture components at an affordable rate.The consortium has the support of 32 expert industrialists in the sector and this would help the functioning of the Centre. The project has already obtained clearance from the Micro Small and Medium Enterprises Department of the Central Government. The consortium, according to the officials, has already purchased four acres of land for the project by collecting a total fund of Rs.1.20 crore from their members.In the first phase, a 43,500 square feet building will be constructed at the project site. Over 60 varieties of high-end machines will be imported for the venture. State of art machines, the main attraction of the project, will be supplied by the Government on a subsidised rate. The construction works of the common facility building will begin soon after getting approval for the building plan and clearance from the Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) will finance the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17742080", "title": "Sussanne Roshan celebrates Christmas with orphans", "text": "Actor Hrithik Roshan's wife Sussanne became Santa Claus for orphaned children here and distributed gifts at Bal Asha Trust.Creative director of a lifestyle e-commerce brand, Sussanne also decorated a Christmas tree at the Trust in Mumbai Sunday.Bal Asha Trust, a non-profit making voluntary organisation, has been working in the field of women and child welfare and development since 1985.\"Christmas is the season to share, and with a great launch month at the brand, the team and I thought it only fit to share our joy with the kids at Bal Asha,\" Sussanne said in a statement.\"We will be decorating a tree at the orphanage with ornaments and stockings for the delight of the 3 to 7-year-old kids. The Label Corp and I take our social responsibility very seriously and hence as a corporation would like to start early on,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "toi caught up with shahid kapoor in mysore, where he is shooting for rajkumar santoshi's phata poster nikla hero. excerpts from the interview in which we grilled him on the controversies dogging him", "code": "17739474", "title": "Don't have powerful families backing me: Shahid", "text": "TOI caught up with Shahid Kapoor in Mysore, where he is shooting for Rajkumar Santoshi's Phata Poster Nikla Hero. Excerpts from the interview in which we grilled him on the controversies dogging him:Did you lose out on the YRF film because you turned up for a puja in a pair of shorts? Do you really think YRF films get cancelled because of shorts? Have I not attended enough pujas in my life to know what not to wear? I waited eight months for Maneesh's film after committing to it. First it was inclement weather. Then, Maneesh had a slip disc. And finally, I was told he needed time to finalise the script. Imagine an actor wasting eight months of his life for a film. Post Mausam, I was offered 18 films. The fate of Mausam at the BO was a personal injury.Did you also refuse to attend reading sessions and rehearsals? Ridiculous. Why will I wait for eight months and not follow my director's vision?They say 'Shahid is fickle minded'. You refused Punit Malhotra's film because you wanted changes. You were also replaced in Milan Luthria's film. I am not fickle minded. I had never committed to both the films. I would love to work with Milan, but the film never reached the narration stage. Karan and I have been in talks, but nothing has materialised.Do you think you made some blunders? Some of my films didn't do well. Obviously those choices were not correct. But I don't fear failures anymore. I need to work harder and I am doing that. Many successful actors bounced back after a dozen flops in a row. I have to give the audience all that I fell short on in the last couple of years. I've also learnt something...Which is? I need to utilise more opportunities to get it right. In retrospect I was also too hard on myself, my films.How did you change? Natural progression. I also want to do more mainstream films. In the late 90s, there were no masala films. Now I whistle and clap in theatres. Why shouldn't I attempt what I enjoy so much?Did you have a fallout with Vishal Bhardwaj and Ahmed Khan? I respect Vishal sir too much. Ahmed is like family.And Ken Ghosh? We were never very close. His second film with me, Fida, was a very good attempt. The climax was a let down. During Chance Pe Dance , I realised we are no more on the same page. There is one more thing which is changing in me. I was a shy guy. Weirdly after two flops, I am more confident, more open. Nothing to lose I guess. (smiles)So, a misunderstood guy? A misrepresented guy (laughs). Also, my dad had done only a few films and TV. My parents had separated. Till I was 21, I wasn't too close to my dad. My understanding of the industry came in late. I am surrounded by actors with big production houses and families backing them. I'm not one of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17737198", "title": "Plum cakes get Sri Lankan flavour this Xmas", "text": "CHENNAI: This season, Chennai's plum cakes get a dash of Sri Lankan tradition as more home bakers from the island nation crank up their ovens.Anna Nagar-based Kumar Durairaj, wife Janet and the rest of the family have been working non-stop for the last month, trying to get 150kg of plum cakes out in time for Christmas. \"We have been making cakes for the last 25 years,\" says Kumar, who came to Chennai from Sri Lanka in 1983. \"It is a recipe that has been in the family for two generations.\" Every year, they get more orders but stop at 150kg or so since it is a laborious process.Other Lankan home bakers too say that baking a traditional cake is more laborious. \"But it pays off in the end because it is so rich,\" says Punitha Coilpillai, a Lankan home baker, who has been making plum cakes for the last 35 years. Born and brought up in Sri Lanka, she moved to Chennai after marriage, bringing all her traditional recipes with her. \"It has a halwa-like constituency and is different from the traditional cake,\" she says.Sujani Nagarajah from Vadapalani, who is selling cakes for the first time this Christmas, says the Lankan version is different as it has more spices, especially a strong amount of ginger preserve. \"Once the cake is baked it is crumbled and left to rest. Then we add honey, brandy and marmalade to the mixture before it is caked back together and iced with marzipan,\" she says. Another peculiarity is that semolina is used instead of wheat or maida. \"We also use pumpkin preserve, which is normally not used in other plum cakes,\" Nagarajah says.Also, in the original version, there are so many dry fruits in it that the cake becomes dark brown. \"There is no caramelised sugar,\" says Coilpillai, who produces over 100kg every year.Soumya Kamath, who buys regularly from Coilpillai for the last five years, says that it is a pity that the Lankan cakes are made only during Christmas. \"It's very moist and full of fruit and extra rich,\" she says.Christmas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740740", "title": "Kishwar out; Mita Vashisth in Mahadev", "text": "TOI has been churning out exclusive developments about Triangle Film Company's celebrated show Devon Ke Dev.. Mahadev. Recently, we wrote about popular TV actress Kishwar Merchant entering the show. However, according to the latest news we hear that Kishwar has been shown the door owing to her tantrums and the role will now be played by seasoned actress Mita Vashisth.Sources inform that Kishwar who was earlier roped into play the role of an evil Daaruka was replaced at the last minute. After giving her final nod to the show, the actress backed out at the last minute citing date issues. Kishwar was expected to start her shoot from yesterday (23 December 2012). Well-known and talented actress Mita Vashisth has stepped in her shoes.All our efforts to reach Mita Vashisth were vain.All we can say is that Kishwar's loss is Mita's gain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740623", "title": "I'm excited for Tulsi: Karthika", "text": "Actress Karthika Nair is all excited as her younger sister Tulsi's big debut, 'Kadal', which is just round the corner. Tulsi, the lead actress of Mani Ratnam's film, has meanwhile bagged a second project too.Karthika tells us, \"All of us are really excited. She's got a dream debut with a Mani Ratnam film. The music of the film has already been getting rave reviews, as is expected of any A R Rahman musical,\" she says.\"Tulsi is already started the shoot of her next film, Yaan , with Jiiva. Despite our mom Radha being from the film field, we had been kept out of media glare until we entered the industry. Tulsi, in fact, has no direct interaction with her fans yet although she's officially an actress now,\" Karthika says with a laugh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17738191", "title": "Himachal assembly has 44 crorepatis", "text": "SHIMLA: The rich are getting richer in Himachal Pradesh. A report released on Sunday by the association for democratic reforms, an election watchdog, has revealed that the number of crorepatis has more than doubled in the newly-elected Himachal assembly.Out of the total 68 legislators, 44 or 65% are crorepatis. In 2007, the House had only 20 crorepati MLAs. The Congress party has the highest, 26, crorepati MLAs of the total 36 elected, and BJP has 13, out of its total strength of 26. Out of five Independent MLAs, four are crorepatis.National Election Watch national coordinator Anil Bairwal said that analysis reveals that candidate with more money had greater chances of winning the elections. \"Money power has become a strong base for the election,\" he said.Bairwal said that Congress MLA from Palampur, B B Butail had declared the highest assets of Rs 169 crore, followed by Independent MLA from Chopal -- Balbir Verma with assets of Rs 41 crore, Congress MLA from Doon, Ram Kumar Chaudhary has assets of Rs 36 crore and state Congress president and MLA Virbhadra Singh had declared assets of Rs 33 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17737911", "title": "DRDO mulls 'stress-buster' bunkers for Army in Siachen", "text": "NEW DELHI: Soldiers sitting in their bunkers in snow-clad Siachen will get to feel sea waves, chirping of birds and winds passing through forests as part of a DRDO project to break the monotonous environment and sense of isolation faced by them in the world's highest battlefield.As part of its efforts to provide troops with \"enriched environment\" at isolated locations, DRDO has started working on 'Project Dhruv' to develop new bunkers to tackle various forms of psychological issues and depression among them. \"Project Dhruv is aimed at environment enrichment within the shelter.This is one of the components for removing his stress in such isolated and forward areas,\" DRDO chief controller, life sciences W Selvamurthy said.Such measures will help jawans cope with the stress indu8ced by their monotonous surroundings and help in creati8ng a lively atmosphere within the bunkers, he said. The study will be completed in a year and will provide co8ncrete results to move forward, Selvamurthy added. DRDO has taken a slew of me8asures to tackle depression am8ong soldiers, which in recent past had led to various incidents of suicides and fratricides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17739679", "title": "RiRi shows off fab figure in green monokini", "text": "Rihanna flaunted her curvaceous body in a bright green monokini while relaxing on the balcony of her villa in Barbados on Friday.After being mobbed by fans while Christmas shopping in her hometown, the Barbadian singer stripped down for some well-deserved R and R.She sunbathed in the low-cut and backless swimsuit as she spent time with a friend, the Huffington Post reported.Although it was rumored that her on-again-off-again beau Chris Brown would be accompanying her on the trip, she arrived solo on December 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17736501", "title": "Police boost vigil for festive week", "text": "KOLKATA: With the anger over the Delhi rape case spilling on to the streets, the city police are acting cautiously to avert any untoward incident in the city during the festive week between Christmas and New Year. For the past week, officers have chalked out strategies to control unruly crowds and bikers who are often accused of teasing and molesting girls at areas like Park Street.This time, police have even arranged special vigil in areas apart from Park Street. Last week, the police convened a meeting with bar and restaurant owners. \"We visited all the bars, restaurants, night clubs and pubs to inspect their security measures,\" said a senior police officer.Police sources said that during inspection, they found that a majority of the CCTV cameras were not functioning. \"We told them to repair all the cameras by December 25,\" said an officer. Police have also asked bar owners and nightclub officials to recruit woman security guards.Several CCTV cameras are being installed to keep watch on the roads. Three watch towers have been erected along Park Street. Officers of the detective department and STF have been asked to melt in the crowd in plainclothes. \"We have also planned to deploy a good number of woman cops to identify eve-teasers.Senior officers admitted that drunken driving and unruly bikers were a great menace these days. \"We have spotted some groups from Ekbalpore and Park Circus areas who often spark trouble during the festive time. We have been tracking them down,\" said an officer.Over the past three days, police have initiated surprise visits at night clubs and bars to ensure that they were not violating rules. Random vehicles are being checked. \"We plan to intercept bikers at all the main crossings leading towards Park Street. That way, we will be able to segregate most of the unruly bikers,\" explained an officer. The rest will be dealt with by the special raid teams.\"Apart from Park Street, there are several areas where people celebrate Christmas and new year. These are mainly in south Kolkata and off the EM Bypass. We will post our men in these areas, too,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17738345", "title": "'Don't dictate to us on dress'", "text": "It was a walk to make a difference, a precursor for a movement for change. Under the aegis of SlutWalk Bengaluru 2012, scores of Bangaloreans marched from Brigade Road to Freedom Park on Sunday, demanding that the government enact stricter laws to protect women.Most of the walkers were women. In the midst of Brigade Road, the girls made sure they were heard. \"Don't tell us what we should and should not wear. Tell the men not to rape,\" they shouted as they headed towards Raj Bhavan, en route Freedom Park.\"The SlutWalk movement started outside India when a girl in short skirts was called a slut by a police officer. Many more joined her and they condemned the branding of a girl by what she wears. This movement has continued here, but this time we are protesting for a different reason,\" said Juhi Singh, an organizer of the protest.\"What the rapists have done to the Delhi girl is intolerable. This march is for justice and for a cause bigger than that. We want to help people so that such a thing can never happen again,\" said Satbir Singh Saluja from Srishti School of Arts.The protest was a spontaneous outpouring of young Bangaloreans. The group hadn't taken police permission for the march, but the protesters were escorted by police till Freedom Park.\"They are doing something good. So we thought we should help them in whatever way we can,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17739862", "title": "Cox, Hopkins' public cuddling fuel rumours", "text": "Actress Courteney Cox and Josh Hopkins did not help in dismissing rumours about their relationship when they were seen cuddling each other on sets of show \"Cougar Town\".Cox, 48, was wrapped in Hopkins' one arm as she protectively placed her hand on his chest.Dressed in orange and pink top, Cox was seen spending time with Hopkins between the shoot of their show at Venice Beach, Dec 21.The actress was married to actor David Arquette for 13 years before getting divorced in July this year. They have an eight-year-old daughter Coco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mandar hill (banka)", "code": "17736461", "title": "Rail division at Bhagalpur soon: Minister", "text": "MANDAR HILL (BANKA): The minister of state for railways Adhir Ranjan Chowdhary on Saturday assured a civil society delegation that the proposed rail division at Bhagalpur would soon become a reality. The railways have undertaken work to earmark the jurisdiction for the divisional headquarter at Bhagalpur and also for suitable land where its office would be set up, the railway minister said.The minister was here on Saturday to inaugurate the broad gauge railway line along with a train between Mandar Hill (Banka) and Hansdiha (Dumka district in Jharkhand). The railway line is a part of 130 km railway connectivity project between Mandar Hill (Bihar)-Dumka (Jharkhand)-Rampurhat (West Bengal) that was approved in the railway budget of 1995-1996.The then railway minister Lalu Prasad had laid the foundation of the Bhagalpur Railway Division on March 1, 2009, amid fanfare. An officer on special duty (OSD) was also posted thereafter to look into development-related work related to the proposed railway division. However, with the change of guard in the ministry of railways (going to Trinamool Congress ), work related to the proposed division came to standstill and the officials so posted were withdrawn.Since then people's representatives, social and business organizations have been vociferously raising demands at different platforms for restarting the work related to the division at Bhagalpur, but in vain. Hopes of the people of the region are likely to be fulfilled with the railway minister categorically pronouncing that the division would become a reality, said the members of railway users' organization.Speaking on the occasion of flagging off a train from the local station, Chowdhary said the Mandar Hill-Dumka-Rampurhat railway line would connect the people of three states - Bihar , Jharkhand and West Bengal - besides promoting railway tourism in the region.Emphasizing the resource crunch and operational losses being faced by railways, the minister said railways are prioritizing work and would speed up pending works including Mandar Hill-Dumka-Rampurhat railway line project.At present, development work worth Rs 4.50 lakh crore is going on, said the minister adding matter related to railway projects at Bhagalpur-Banka-Godda can be discussed at the railway office in New Delhi. Earlier, the minister reached Bhagalpur by special saloon. Social, business and political organizations also submitted memoranda demanding divisional status to Bhagalpur besides introducing new trains on Bhagalpur-Kiul-Patna railway section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17736270", "title": "Christmas homilies ask people to keep faith", "text": "MUMBAI: Hours before the miracle of Christmas unfolds, Sacred Heart Church in Santa Cruz put up a touching message to face S V Road. \"Mary wrapped the most precious gift of all. Baby Jesus.\"At the formal midnight mass on Monday, parish priests across every church will deliver homilies centred around the gift of peace and love amid social strife.Fr Errol Fernandes, parish priest of Bandra's St Peter's Church, recalled that Pope Benedict XVI declared October 2012 to October 2013 as the Year of Faith. \"Faith is a gift from God. Those who pray are secure in the assurance that they will receive the blessing they are hoping for,\" he said.The leading midnight mass of the Catholic Church in Mumbai is held at Holy Name Cathedral in Colaba where the archbishop of Bombay is the main celebrant. Parish priest Fr Caesar D'Mello shared the concerns of the archbishop, Oswald Cardinal Gracias, over the various scams unfolding in the country.Echoing those thoughts, Fr Allwyn D'Silva, parish priest of St John the Baptist Church in Thane said, \"For this reason, in the Year of Faith, we must know, proclaim and live our faith in our daily lives.\"Fr Rocky Banz of Gloria Church, Byculla, had a finger on the pulse of the nation when he referred to the nationwide protests over the Delhi rape. \"The reason Jesus came into this world is so man could ultimatelyenjoy peace and love. Incidents like this sadden us but one is hopeful that the government will take active measures to address the issue of violence against women. I appreciate the courage and the sentiment of the youth that is gathering on the streets and hope their concerns will be resolved,\" he said.Meanwhile, Rev Graham Engineer is urging his Gujarati-speaking flock at the CNI Ambroli Church in Vile Parle to help their brethren cope with increasing crime. \"Let us live as Jesus did. By caring, sensitizing and counselling people to become better human beings,\" the reverend said.Christmas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17736044", "title": "Illegal LPG refill units flourish", "text": "BHOPAL: Illegal refill of LPG cylinders is flourishing in the state capital as a large number of students and migrants who do not have proper valid documents look for alternatives to cooking gas cylinders. There are around 75-100 illegal refill units operating in the city, that give a bypass to safety norms and violate the LPG gas control order. These illegal refilling units are earning an estimated net profit of Rs 6 crore a month through refilling of LPG and black-marketing of LPG cylinders in Bhopal.These units are run across the city including Jawahar Chowk, old city, Nehru Nagar and other major markets of Bhopal. These gas refilling units are allegedly run as gas repairing units.General Manager Indian Oil Corporation ( IOC ), YK Gupta told TOI, \"We are nowhere responsible for the black marketing of LPG in Bhopal. This unauthorized dealing of the LPG has in the state capital has created an artificial shortage of the LPG here.\"\"We have also asked the administration to take strict actions but in vain,\" he said. He added, \"We are not the authority for policing and I would not like to discuss on this issue.\"However, requesting anonymity, officials working at the gas agencies said, \"This is a blatant violation of the LPG gas control order which pertains to the supply and distribution of the LPG gas cylinders. Various kinds of licenses are needed to refill and store gas cylinders.\"\"These illegal LPG refilling units are also violating the Gas Cylinders Rules 2004 and the Explosives Act 1884,\" officials said.These gas repairing units sell small 3 kilograms (kg), 4 kg and 5 kg cylinders which are not as per the Bureau of Indian Standards (BSI) specifications and they do not have ISI certificates. \"In fact the 5 kg cylinders do not have an ISI mark. The quality of the cylinders is very bad and some does not have the capacity to bear even slight pressure. If an extra bit gas is filled, the cylinder can burst,\" they said.\"I moved into the city last month with my family. However, we were not getting an immediate gas connection from any gas agency. Therefore rather than having a food from outside on a daily basis, we thought of opting for smaller cylinders which are sold in the market,\" Santosh Sinha, resident of Ashoka garden said.\"We need a lot of documents for getting a LPG connection. We are students and will stay in this city so long as we complete our studies. Therefore these small cylinders are more affordable for us, even though they are a bit expensive,\" Atul Shulka and Nitesh Kumar, residents of Gulmohar said.Some students said that they stay in rented houses or rooms in groups and normally cook their food. Earlier they used to use the LPG cylinders from their landlords and pay for them but now with the cap on subsidized cylinders the house owners are not willing to provide cylinders even for a price.Around two months ago, 5 members of the same family lost their lives in a LPG cylinder blast in Jehangirabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17735934", "title": "Dredging Corporation of India to acquire 2 more dredgers", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Dredging Corporation of India (DCI) will be equipped with two more Trailer Suction Hopper Dredgers (TSHD) to enhance the dredging capability in the country.DCI chairman and managing directory D K Mohanty said that the two dredgers will be purchased during the next financial year. The orders were placed with IHC Merwede of the Netherlands, he added. The two dredgers will delivered in June 2013 and March 2014 respectively. According to a release from DCI, the first dredger purchased after a gap of 12 years was put in operation at Ennore Port in Chennai recently.Mohanty said these three dredgers will take up at least 80 per cent of maintenance of Indian ports such as Kandla, Paradip, Ennore and Kochi. The dredging capacity will increase from 50 million cubic meters to 80 million cubic meters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17738501", "title": "Jilted lovers rape to take revenge", "text": "BERHAMPUR: About two months ago, a 13-year-old girl was gang-raped and murdered by miscreants in a jungle near Simanbadi in Kandhamal district's Daringibadi police station area. Police found the body of the victim on October 25 this year. Police arrested four persons in the case.Two days after the brutal incident, a 14-year-old girl faced a similar trauma at Raikia in the same district. At least six persons had kidnapped and gang-raped her. Police arrested four teenage boys in the incident. On Saturday, police here arrested a person for allegedly attempting to rape a 15-year-old girl at Phulbani. Locals had caught hold of the accused and handed him over to the cops.As many as 33 rape cases were reported in Kandhamal, a tribal dominated district in southern Odisha, so far this year. Of them, 19 victims were teenage girls, statistics revealed. In 2009, 24 rape cases were reported in the district. The figure increased to 27 in 2010. Most of the victims were teenagers, a senior police officer said. In almost all the cases, the rapists were jilted lovers, who wanted to settle scores with girls who rejected them.Not only Kandhamal, tribal dominated districts like Keonjhar and Mayurbhanj also recorded an increase in the number of rape incidents this year, said Chitta Ranjan Dash, a law professor. He said failed love affairs or unkept marriage promises often incited the culprits in such cases.Police corroborated the fact. \"Barring a few incidents, most of the cases had to do with marriage promise violations,\" Kandhamal SP J N Pankaj said.The 13-year-old girl, who was gang-raped and murdered about two months ago, fell pray to a one-side love affair. The main accused in the case was also a minor, police said.Police claimed they had solved almost all the rape cases in the district reported this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17736133", "title": "Cop suspended for molestation", "text": "BHOPAL: A head constable was suspended on Sunday on charges of outraging the modesty of a woman in Ranger district. The policeman Rajkumar Sharma, had gone to visit a friend's wife on Saturday. The latter was not available. Sharma allegedly molested a woman relative of the friend, who was alone at that time.She raised an alarm and as father-in-law came, the policeman ran away, said sources.Later when they approached the police station, their complaint was not entertained.Following this, angry residents staged a road blockade on the highway. On Sunday, Sharma was suspended after registration of a case under Section 354 at the Bhojpur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "17737509", "title": "Man accused of raping minor escapes from jail", "text": "PALANPUR: A prisoner accused of raping a minor girl escaped from the sub jail in Dhanera town of Banaskantha district.The accused Bhema Purohit fled along with a co-prisoner Golapji Koli, who was arrested in a theft case.Their fleeing came to light only when the routine counting of prisoners was being conducted on Saturday evening. It is believed that the duo escaped by climbing up the pipe in the toilet and then jumping off the jail's wall.Purohit had allegedly raped a minor girl in Mewada village of the district during Navratri.Banaskantha superintendent of police Ashok Kumar said, \"We are hopeful of their re-arrest as soon as possible. Action will also be taken against the erring policemen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17737469", "title": "Mudslinging among seers on Maha Kumbh eve", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With barely a fortnight left for Maha Kumbh, the world's largest religious congregation, to begin officially, two prominent Shankaracharyas on Sunday threatened to pull out of the event, against reported \"irregularities and partisan attitude\" adopted by authorities in allotment of land in the mela area.Shankarcaharya of Jyotirpeeth Badrikashram, Swami Vasudevanand Saraswati and Shankarcharya of Kashi Sumeru Peeth, Swami Narendranand Saraswati, fired a salvo at Shankarcharya of Dwarika, Swami Swaroopanand Saraswati and his disciple and successor Swami Avimukteshwaranand holding them responsible for the mess.The two who spoke to the media on Sunday, said that Kumbh Mela held every 12 years at Prayag on the banks of Ganga, Yamuna and mythical Saraswati is the biggest event of Sanatan Dharma and sends out the message of 'Vasudev Kutumbakam' (universal brotherhood). Instead of settling personal scores the stakeholders including saints should take care to safeguard security and honour of pilgrims visiting the mela.In an obvious reference to the mela authorities, Shankarcharya of Jyotishpeeth Badrikashram, Swami Vasudevanand Saraswati said they should provide facilities like allotment of land keeping in mind the stature of saints and refrain from working under any influence.On the other hand, adopting a strong posture, Shankarcharya of Kashi Sumeru Peeth, Swami Narendranand Saraswati, questioned the credentials of Swami Avimukteshwaranad, the disciple and successor of Shankarcharya of Dwarika, Swami Swaroopanand Saraswati and said that the former had no right to sainthood in the backdrop of evidence that he belongs to Bhat section of Brahmin community which is not entitled for the status. Instead, only a DashaVeda Brahmin can stake claim to Dand Sanyas and throne of Shankaracharya.Accusing Avimukteshwaranand of grabbing land in mela area in violation of set conventions, he sought intervention of the state government to resolve the dispute, failing which the consequences would be disastrous.Those present with the saints informed that the dispute had risen in the wake of allotment of land sanctioned under the quota of Swami Hari Chaitanya Brahmachari to Avimukteshwarand in contravention of existing traditions. A simlar row had erupted during the Kumbh Mela at Hardwar too where the administration had to step in to sort out the matter, they said.The two threatened to pull out of the Kumbh Mela if the crisis was not handled promptly and said Acharya Bada, another frontal organisation of saints would also follow suit.When contacted by TOI, president of Acharya Bada, Swami Rameshwar Acharya, said, \"Such practices are common and we have always been at the receiving end of decisions taken by mela authorities on all occasions since Ardh Kumbh 2007. Call it \"Afsarshahi, 'rajshahi' or 'rajniti' (bureaucracy or politics), the whole issue is unfortunate\" he said.On the issue of pulling out of the mela along with the two Shankarcharyas in the event of a deadlock, he said \"This would be decided unanimously by members and office-bearers of Ramanuj Nagar Prabandh Samiti, the umbrella organisation of Acharya Bada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "education times, in association with iit-ian's pace, recently conducted a seminar on career guidance for engineering and medical aspirants. praveen tyagi, md, iit-ian's pace and chetan bhagat, author and columnist, answer questions on how to prepare yourself for the iit jee new pattern 2013, and more", "code": "17737867", "title": "Cover the full syllabus", "text": "Education Times, in association with IIT-ian's PACE, recently conducted a seminar on career guidance for engineering and medical aspirants. Praveen Tyagi, MD, IIT-ian's PACE and Chetan Bhagat, author and columnist, answer questions on how to prepare yourself for the IIT JEE new pattern 2013, and more:My child scores well in mathematics and science. Does that imply that he/she has the potential to become an engineer or a doctor?Students should appear for a science aptitude test, which checks his or her inclination towards pursuing engineering or medical. The test checks the numerical ability for engineering students and retention ability for medical aspirants.I want to study in one of the IITs. How do I prepare in the next couple of years to materialise my dream?Over and above building a strong base of fundamentals, it is important to cover the full syllabus (class XI &amp; XII) of physics, chemistry and mathematics . This requires regular classroom sessions , testing and micro-level analysis of the results. It is important not only to work on concepts , but also to eliminate misconceptions in various topics.How do I attain a balance between my school studies and the preparation for competitive exams, especially now when the board scores have a heavy weighting in the IIT JEE selection process?First cover the NCERT syllabus of any topic before you move on to the advanced level. This will have a dual advantage \u00e2\u20ac\u201d board preparation as well as building a strong foundation of concepts in every topic.In what ways is the NEET preparation different from AIPMT in terms of approach?Earlier, AIPMT was conducted in two stages, prelims and mains. While the prelims had 200 questions, the mains had 120 questions. Now, in the new pattern, only a single stage exam will be conducted and no state PMT examinations will be conducted. In the new pattern, a single test comprising 180 questions will be conducted.How do I choose the best option for my child?A strong mathematical aptitude is necessary for engineering. The ability to have a strong command over the core syllabus and its application in a wide variety of questions is essential. For success in the medical field, a grasp over the huge syllabus is important . The student is best suited to judge his or her aptitude by this yardstick and take a considered decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17737214", "title": "National Green Tribunal gets a lead in the form of retired Chennai judge", "text": "CHENNAI: Justice P Jyothimani, who retired as judge of the Madras high court on October 25, has been appointed judicial member of the National Green Tribunal (NGT). He is scheduled to assume charge in New Delhi in two days.The NGT shall have dedicated environmental jurisdiction over green matters, and most of the environment-related cases pending before the respective high courts would be transferred to the tribunal. Unlike the regular courts, which have no time limit to dispose of cases, the NGT shall hear and dispose of disputes within six months.Established under the National Green Tribunal Act, 2010, the tribunal will function with full complement of judicial and expert members from January 1, 2013, under the chairmanship of Justice Swatanter Kumar who officially retires from the Supreme Court next week.While will be the principal seat of the NGT in in New Delhi, there will be four other regional benches in Chennai, Kolkatta, Bhopal and Pune. Each region will have two benches comprising a judicial member and an expert member, according to sources. \"As of now, all the vacancies have been filled up, and we will work with full strength from January 1, 2013,\" Justice Jyothimani told TOI. \"It is already functioning, but the official inauguration will happen once all of us join the forum,\" he said.Born in October 1950 and a gold medalist in both BL and ML, Justice Jyothimani was appointed additional judge of the Madras high court in December 2005, and became permanent in April 2007.In the days to come, the green tribunal will emerge as the sole forum to adjudicate cases relating to 'environmental protection and conservation of forests and other natural resources, including enforcement of any legal right relating to environment and giving relief and compensation for damage to persons and property.'Supposed to act as a specialist body, the NGT shall have necessary expertise to handle environmental disputes, the Centre has said, adding that it would not be bound by procedures laid down in the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1908.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17736704", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation, 6th top revenue earner in Maharashtra", "text": "NAGPUR: Continuing its onward march in revenue earnings, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has surpassed its Nashik counterpart and secured the sixth position among all the civic bodies in Maharashtra. Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai is top on the list with its revenue more than that of the remaining 21 municipalities.The report of Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) on local bodies, tabled in the state legislature on the last day of the winter session on Friday, highlighted the trend of 22 municipal corporations' revenue. The CAG's report is for the year ending March 31, 2011. At that time, the number of municipal corporations was 22. Therefore, the report highlighted the earning of only 22 civic bodies. The number of corporations increased to 26 in October 2011.According to CAG report, \"Overall, the total receipts of municipal corporations showed an increasing trend over the period from 2006-07 to 2010-11.\" The total revenue of all municipal corporations increased to Rs30,137 crore in 2010-11 from Rs16,217 crore in 2006-07.In a good sign, the revenue from taxes too increased. Revenue from all types of taxes, including property, octroi and water, was Rs15,989 crore, about 53.05% of the total earning. The tax revenue increased when compared to 2009-10, but is less than what was registered in 2006-07 and 2007-08.However, the government grants reduced to some extent. The grants were at 3.23% of total revenue as against 4.22% in 2009-10 and 3.92% in 2006-07.As far as revenue is concerned, Pune Municipal Corporation became the second highest with Rs2,327.37 crore in 2010-11. Thane is third in the list followed by Pimpri Chinchwad and Navi Mumbai. NMC bettered its position to sixth by earning revenue of Rs807.79 crore in 2010-11 while Nashik slipped to the seventh position. In 2008-09, Nashik's revenue was Rs516.80 crore whereas NMC got Rs508.96 crore. But in 2009-10, NMC's revenue increased to Rs654.71 crore while Nashik's stood at Rs509.75 crore.According to NMC officials, the revenue increased to a great extent between 2008-09 and 2010-11 due to some key factors. \"Revenue from octroi increased rapidly which has become a major source of income. Besides, revenue from water and property tax too increased to some extent. NMC's revenue and also budget are increasing with every passing year,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17738022", "title": "Indian Institute of Management-Ahmedabad likes Facebook girls\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 comments", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Palghar girls \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Srinivasan \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who experienced the ordeal of being arrested for a harmless Facebook comment last month, met students of the Indian Institute of Management , Ahmedabad (IIM-A ) to share their experiences.The 21-year-old girls, who were invited by senior faculty at IIM-A , Prof Anil Gupta , also discussed the issue of freedom of speech and expression.Gupta, a Padma Shri award winner, hosted Shaheen and Rinu at his house for two days before they left for Mumbai on Saturday evening. Gupta now plans to take up the issue further by organizing a seminar on several issues that young people face. \"The idea behind inviting them was to boost their morale and also to spread the message among the future managers studying at IIMA that freedom of expression is relevant across all spheres, be it family or the organization they work in. It is something which is not to be taken for granted,\" said Gupta.The discussions that followed focussed on the controversial Section 66A of the Information Technology Act and Article 19 of the Constitution. While Article 19(1A) declares that all citizens have the right to freedom of speech and expression, Section 66A violates that right. The articles were read out and the connection and lack of connection between the articles were discussed. \"There was no point raking up the issue but we understand that it would have been extremely difficult for the girls and their families to handle the situation. So, we talked more about human rights and the larger issues , which emboldened them and gave them more strength,\" said Gupta.According to Gupta, the girls gave a mature perspective of the incident to the students. Gupta now plans to write to Union minister Kapil Sibal about the seminar and plans to involve the home ministry, IT ministry and other stakeholders.Shaheen was arrested following an FIR lodged by local Shiv Sena president Bhushan Sankhe after her comment on the shutdown of Mumbai following the death of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray on November 18. Rinu was arrested for liking Shaheen's post.On Friday, Palghar sessions court issued a notice to Sankhe to respond to the C-summary report filed by the police. A Bachelor of Management Studies (BMS) graduate, Shaheen recently rejoined Facebook after she was forced to quit the social networking site following the arrest. Shaheen's father Farukh Dhada had also debunked chief minister Narendra Modi , who had sought to draw comparison between law and order situation in Maharashtra and Gujarat. Dhada had said they felt perfectly safe in Palghar and Shaheen had only come for a family visit to Ahmedabad and not for good.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17742611", "title": "Anushka says no to fairness creams endorsements", "text": "Endorsing regressive products like fairness creams is a 'big no, no' for Anushka Sharma who prefers to associate herself with the brands she can talk about.\"I try to endorse only those brands who I can confidently speak for. These are huge companies and are choosing you to be the face of their brands... you need to be responsible,\" she said in an interview.\"Fairness creams and anything which is regressive is a big no, no for me. I don't think anything can change your basic colour. They can remove your tan, but they cannot change your natural colour,\" she added.The actress has endorsed many lifestyle brands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17736734", "title": "Two nabbed with fake notes", "text": "NAGPUR: Ajni police on Saturday arrested two persons for allegedly circulating fake currency notes and seized counterfeit notes worth Rs 15000 of 100 denominations from them.Police said that the duo have no criminal background but attempted to the fraud to make quick money.Ajni police had set a trap near Spanco office at Tukdoji Square where they nabbed Praveen Shirsat (20), a resident of Akash Nagar, with fake notes of 100 denominations.Later during interrogation, Shirsat revealed that Vicky Sahu, a resident of Shashtri Nagar, was his partner in crime. Sahu was immediately arrested near his residence. Two printers and scanning machines were seized from his house. Prima facie, Sahu appears to be the mastermind behind the crime.Shirsat told that Sahu had given him the notes to exchange them in the market. Hence, he had come to Tukdoji square.Cops informed that Sahu would only make use of the printers and would make fake notes of currency Rs 100.Cops suspect more people to be involved in the crime. A couple of months back, Rana Pratap Nagar police had seized counterfeit currency notes worth lakhs of rupees. An engineer and his cousin were arrested in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17736189", "title": "Cops found it difficult to put out 'fiery' protests", "text": "NEW DELHI: The crowd didn't seem to like anything 'sarkari'. They uprooted the wooden barricades, installed for the Republic Day parade next month, and made a bonfire of them. By early evening, there were four such roaring fires. The protesters also overturned dustbins, piled up the garbage and set it on fire. When a fire tender tried to make its way to the spot, the protesters chased it with metal poles taken from the dismantled barricades.But Delhi Police's 40-minute mop-up operation took them by surprise and they were soon evicted from India Gate. Water from the cannons had messed up the lawns while banners, posters, empty packets of snacks, water bottles and shoes were strewn on the road. Repeated firing of the teargas had reduced visibility. But the protesters returned to the scene soon in small groups and confronted the police though they were thoroughly soaked. A group of women approached policemen at the Tilak Marg redlight shouting, \"Drop your lathis and see who wins this.\"The violence had erupted around 5 pm. As the crowd tried to move a few steps towards Rajpath throwing stones, they were halted by two water cannons. The cops also started chasing the protesters away with a lathicharge and the crowd retaliated by pelting them with stones. As some scared protesters tried to move away, they were stopped by others. Women hurled abuses at the policemen and RAF personnel, accusing them of trying to manhandle them. \"You have no right to touch us - where are the women constables?\" screamed one woman as she tried to evade a lathi blow.An injured girl sat below a tree nursing an injured knee and when a policeman approached her to help her into an ambulance, she turned violent and started yelling at him. Her friends also hurled abuses and blamed the police for the violence. Nearby, a young guy held up a banner proclaiming 'Peaceful protest please'.For 40 minutes, a large number of people, including the aged, women and children, were chased by the police and hit repeatedly by lathis. The resulting stampede saw a number of people getting hurt while others ran into the grounds around India Gate. Others tried to hide beneath the OB vans of the media.Most attempted to take refuge in the lanes around India Gate but soon found that the police had them surrounded.The roads leading out of India Gate and the lanes connecting them were dotted with injured and shocked protesters. \"What was most shocking was that the police were abusing us in horrid language even as they were beating us. It wasn't just about clearing us out, it was almost like revenge,\" said Tanya Sharma, a student of Delhi University, who injured her left ankle during the stampede.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chennai ", "code": "17742792", "title": "High Court irons out major service anomaly", "text": "CHENNAI : : The Madras high court has ironed out a major irritant chocking the promotional avenues officers in horticulture department, and has put an end to the system filling up horticulture vacancies with officers brought from agriculture department.Justice D Hariparanthaman, ordering the agriculture department director not to fill any 'deployed posts' in horticulture department from officers brought from agriculture department, said such a practice is illegal and arbitrary. Immediate fallout of this order: The government cannot now implement its January 27 order seeking to deploy 178 assistant director-level officers from agriculture department as assistant directors in horticulture department.The December 24, 2007 order of the government had a lofty and a more contemporary objective - to steer the production-oriented farming policy of the Green Revolution era towards 'producing-for-market' policy. The restructuring of various directorates such as agriculture, horticulture and plantation crops, seed certification, agriculture marketing, etc was part of the process. What the authorities did not foresee was the resultant anomaly in service conditions of employees of different directorates.Due to the restructuring, the staff strength of various directorates, which had become separate departments now, changed significantly. For instance, the assistant director-cadre posts saw a big increase in horticulture department - from just 43, the number of AD-level posts increased to 396. As there was 509 total additional requirement of assistant directors, it was proposed to upgrade agricultural/horticultural officers by following common seniority based on their entry level posts.Of the 509 new posts, 325 came from agriculture department in what is called 'deployed posts', with a condition that at the end of five years they can either continue in horticulture department or return to their parent agriculture department. The present round of litigation was triggered when the director of agriculture sought to retain his lien over appointment of assistant directors in horticulture department from appointing candidates from agriculture department.As if this was not enough, a mass deployment of 178 assistant directors of agriculture was sought to be again deployed in horticulture department by an order dated January 27, 2012. Noting that the deployment of assistant directors of agriculture in posts created in horticulture department was a one-time measure, and the power to fill up AD posts in horticulture department would vest with the director of horticulture, the petitioners' counsel said it was an infirmity.Concurring with their submissions, Justice Hariparanthaman said the director of horticulture alone is the competent and authority concerned to fill up posts in his department, and added that even the government order does not specifically mention that the power would vest with director of agriculture.While making it clear that he would not sit on judgment over the government's policy fixing five years as deployment period, Justice Hariparanthaman said: \"The vacancies that would arise due to promotion/retirement would be filled by director of horticulture after the expiry of five years.\" In this regard, he referred to the contradicting stands of the government, as evidenced from the counter-affidavits they had filed in 2008 and now. Justice Hariparanthaman, tracing the differences in educational qualifications required for the posts in the two departments, said deployment could not be used a tool and method to bring in unqualified persons.While making it clear that he would not disturb officers already deployed, the judge gave them one-month time after the expiry of the five year deployment period to opt either to stay back in horticulture department or return to their parent agriculture department. Also, the director of agriculture cannot fill up the posts falling vacant in horticulture department, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17738179", "title": "Cricket without Master Blaster? Unthinkable they chorus", "text": "News of master blaster Sachin Tendulkar's retirement from one day internationals came as a bolt out of the blue for his numerous fans who have loved him over the years. Vaivasvat Venkat gauges the mood to find that the decision has led to quite a few broken hearts.The tendency to flay cricketers for the instances when they are out of form may fill time slots for the media, but fans don't take it too well. Sachin's stature may be that of a demi god, but he is human. For his fans, the slew of criticism over one odd instance of weak performance negating decades of excellence is in bad taste.At 76, veteran cricketer Chaman Malhotra, who is also the chief selector of the Ranji team, said, \"I am a big fan of Sachin. He is the greatest cricketer India has given to the world. Although we want him to play more, I feel he should retire because people have started judging him.\" Ever since the unassuming boy with the curly mop appeared on the cricket scene and showed the cutting edge brilliance beneath that demure exterior, people have followed his meteoric rise. Besides cricket, Sachin's unpretentiousness and obvious love for the game endeared him to successive generations. Sarabha Nagar resident Mohit Goyal feels the respect Sachin commands began from the cricket pitch but has transcended it. \"Sachin is Sachin. No one can replace him.He could have given a lot to the team,\" he said.Sarabha Nagar resident Mohit Goyal feels the respect Sachin commands began from the cricket pitch but has transcended it. \"Sachin is Sachin. No one can replace him.He could have given a lot to the team and we wanted to see him play against Pakistan in the upcoming series and also the world cup. People like me watch cricket for Sachin,\" he said.Cricket commentators, analysts and newsroom heads went about conducting a postmortem of Sachin's passing weakness, oblivious to the fact that the discussions were only spawning resentment. Retired banker Anmol Sharma said, \"The Indian team is not complete without Sachin. If he was judged because of his recent performance, other players who are younger to him and not performing as well should also be asked to retire. Sachin contributes merely by being in the team. His experience is invaluable.\" It is not just cricket aficionados who love Sachin. Homemakers have also been fascinated by the gentle master. Like Seema Narang of Bharat nagar, a home maker, who said, \"He is too good. No other player has displayed the kind of team spirit he has shown. I want him to play more. He has a lot to offer, especially his temperament.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17738069", "title": "Safe transport for working women remains a far cry", "text": "PUNE: In April 2010, a 25-year-old woman was held in a car for eight hours by three men and allegedly raped in the vehicle at a secluded place near Hinjewadi IT park.In November 2007, a call centre employee was gang-raped and murdered by a cab driver and his friend at Talegaon Dabhade.In the aftermath of both the crimes, safe transport facilities for a large number of women employees working in the city was felt. In 2012, cab and private bus services have improved, but transport facilities are still inadequate, largely because public transport facility continues to be poor.Women professionals commute to fringe areas of Hinjewadi Infotech Park and companies in Kharadi, Talawade, and Hadapsar areas where public transport facilities are yet to come of age. Many employees and residents say they have to depend on private cars or rickshaws for the long commute as the public transport service falls woefully short of expectation.The Pune Mahanagar Palika Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) operates 60 bus trips in Hinjewadi-Wakad area that cannot cater to the thousands of people commuting to these parts from other areas of the city. There has been no addition to the number of trips in the last two to three years.After the April 2010 incident, the Pune Municipal Corporation had announced in its budget to provide 100 air-conditioned buses on various routes. But the service has not yet started as PMC is yet to procure the buses. PMPML's traffic manager Sunil Gavli said the transport company has planned to start bus routes from Deccan Gymkhana and Katraj to Hinjewadi. \"These buses will start within a fortnight,\" he added.The Hinjewadi Industries Association is working on a proposal to lease out company buses to PMPML so that the employees get improved transport facilities. Members of the association said that PMPML can start a dedicated route service so that others can use it too.Nilesh Gawde, a senior IT professional, said women employees face severe problems in getting safe transport in the evening hours on their way from Hinjewadi. \"After 6 pm, one can see a large number of women employees waiting on the roads to get some transport. They are seen taking lifts in private vehicles, which is risky. They have no alternative. Local autorickshaws and six-seaters run to full capacity. PMPML buses are few and always crowded,'' he said.While companies have buses and cab services for employees, many do not avail of the facility as the transport charges are deducted from their salaries. Gawde said newly recruited employees do not avail of the facility for various reasons.Such employees wait along the roads which are not lit properly at night. Many company buses are on the roads at night but they do not halt for the women employees, he added. Gawde suggested that all company buses should pick up women irrespective of the company they work for.A senior police officer narrated a recent experience when he saw a woman employee taking lift in a car which had four men inside. The officer said he reprimanded the driver and ensured the woman got an alternative safe transport.President of the Hinjewadi Industries Association, Mrutyunjay Singh said companies have provided their own buses and cab services and that a number of precautions have been taken. The antecedents of the drivers are checked and the cabs have GPS facilities. The employees too have been very cautious. Some firms also have car pooling.The association plans a service with the participation of industries. Singh said if PMPML provides additional buses in the area, it would help the people.The victims** Software engineer Nayana Pujari (28) of Katraj was kidnapped by four persons while she waited for public transport to go home on October 7, 2009. They took her debit card, forced her to reveal the pin number and withdrew Rs 61,200 from three automated teller machines. Later, they gang-raped and strangled her with her dupatta and dumped the body in the Zarewadi forest in Khed, 50 km from Pune.** On August 10, 2008, a call centre employee was allegedly gang-raped by eight to 10 men, suspected to be cab drivers on a hill near Tukai Mata temple close to Phursungi. The woman's boyfriend registered an FIR against unknown persons at the Loni-Kalbhor police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17737134", "title": "Diocese of Varanasi working for children in rural belt", "text": "VARANASI: The Diocese of Varanasi has pledged to ensure availability of quality education even for those children who dwell in remote zones of this backward region of the state.Talking to reporters Dr Raphy Manjaly, Bishop of Varanasi said that the Diocese of Varanasi is working with 23 English medium schools, 16 Hindi medium school and six schools for differently abled children. While, around 45,000 students are taking education in English medium schools, there are 17,000 students in the region who are studying in Hindi medium schools. Informing about the achievements of 2012, Bishop said that apart from imparting education to around 55,000 students, around 7,000 students from rural belts were trained for different employment opportunities this year. A school of blind students also started functioning in Sakaldiha village of Chandauli.Notably, the Diocese of Varanasi comprises of eight civil districts including Varanasi, Azamgarh, Ballia, Bhadohi, Chandauli, Ghazipur, Jaunpur and Mau.Besides, the Christmas celebrations will begin at midnight on Monday (December 24) with huge gathering of Christian families and others at the churches in different localities of the city.The celebrations will begin with special prayers to mark the arrival of Jesus at the midnight,\" informed Bishop, Raphy Manjaly.He also said that an attractive fair will also be held in the premises of St Mary's Church, Cantonment area from December 25 to December 27. He said that the main purpose of organising the fair is to proclaim the birth of baby Jesus and his love to every one in a very practical way through puppet show, Bible exhibition, Christmas carols and prayers. The traditional crib, the centre of attraction, will be right in front of the Church so that people can easily pay a visit to child Jesus and pray. Special prayer in Hindi will also be conducted in the evening on December 25. Meanwhile, in the series of events to mark Christmas celebrations, a sporting event and cultural programmes for disabled children will be organised in St John's School, DLW on Jaunary 02.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17737129", "title": "Gita discourse continues at BHU", "text": "VARANASI: The week-long Gita Pravachan Mela (discourse) continued for the fifth day on Sunday at Malviya Bhawan on BHU campus as part of the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Madan Mohan Malviya.Meanwhile, the cultural programme organised by ministry of culture and Banaras Hindu University witnessed spectacular performances from December 19 onwards at Swatantrata Bhawan. Padma Bhushan CV Chandrashekhar mesmerised the audience with his Bharatnatyam performance on Saturday. Noted vocalist Padma Bhushan Pandit Rajan Sajan Mishra, sarod player Padma Bhushan, Pandit Buddhadev Das Gupta, violin player, N Rajam also performed during the cultural programmes held on the occasion.The students of the faculty of performing arts, BHU also enthralled the audience with their mesmerising performances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "pithora", "code": "17736967", "title": "Minor girl raped, video clip posted on internet", "text": "PITHORA: Amid the countrywide uproar against the gangrape in Delhi, a minor girl was raped, filmed and later a MMS clip was uploaded on the internet in a village in Mahasamund district of Chhattisgarh.Police in Pithora, 94 km from the state capital, have lodged a case against seven youths on the charges of rape and under the provisions of the Information Technology Act for circulating the MMS clip on mobile and also uploading it on the internet.Though the incident took place on November 19, the minor girl did not inform anyone about the incident.Minor girl was also robbedWhen the MMS was circulated in the village that the girl's family was informed about it by some people who recognized her in the clip. According to the complaint, the incident took place when the minor girl was waiting for a conveyance to return from Tendukona village to her village Khuteri.A youth, identified as Bholaram Sinha, who was known to her, offered her a lift and raped her on the way at Darri Dongra area, which is usually isolated.Meanwhile, six more youths including Yogesh Bariha, Parasmani Bariha and Suman Bariha, clicked pictures and recorded videos. According to the reports, they also robbed the minor of the money she had.All the accused are on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17736294", "title": "Sons, grandsons in 100cr land row", "text": "MUMBAI: After arresting a sub-registrar, Surendra Kadam (47), last week for fraudulently transferring a Rs 100 crore ancestral property in Chembur, the Economic offences Wing (EOW) of the Mumbai police claim to have evidence against four others who had allegedly forged the property documents with Kadam's help.The Economic offences Wing (EOW) of the Mumbai police, which last week arrested a sub registrar for fraudulently transferring a Rs 100 crore ancestral property at Chembur, claim to have evidence against four people who forged documents with the help of sub registrar to usurp the property.Sitadevi Roopchand Jaisingh, who used to own the 10,000 sq m property, died in 2006 without dividing it. Jaisingh had three sons-Shyam, Brijmohan and Kedarnath- and three daughters. In 2007, Kedarnath passed away and later the three daughters also died. Kedarnath had two sons-Anil and Vinod.Cops claim to have evidence against Shyam, Brijmohan, Anil and Vinod Jaisingh. The four may be arrested soon. The plot, housing many structures, including Asha Studio, is near R K Studios on Sion-Trombay road.After Jaisingh's death, the four suspects, without taking the three daughters in confidence, made a gift deed claiming that the property was given to them and they all have ownership rights over the property, said the police. In 2010, Jaisingh's son-in-laws filed a partition suit before the Bombay HC. During these hearings, they were told that Jaisingh had already given away the property to the four accused through a gift deed. \"During the probe, we found out that the gift deed between Jaisingh and the four suspects was made on July 15, 2005 at the Nahoor registrar office in Mulund,\" said an officer of the EOW.Through an RTI application, the sons-in-law came to know that there were gross violations in the gift deed. \"Jaisingh used to sign documents, but the deed contains her thumb impression. The date and time when the deed was said to be registered has several discrepancies. Evidence shows that Kadam had never visited Jaisingh's house to make the deed as he was present in the Mulund office at the time and was registering some other documents. Payments for the registration were made the next day. All these discrepancies point towards forgery,\" said the officer.Cops will now question three other senior officials from the registrar's office and a solicitor. The complaint was filed in March 2012 at Chembur police station against the four suspects and Kadam. Subsequently, the Jaisingh brothers had challenged the FIR and filed a petition in the Bombay HC for quashing the same. HC refused to quash the FIR and ordered the city police to hand over the probe to EOW.Last week, the EOW had arrested sub-registrar Surendra Kadam (47) for his alleged involvement in the fraudulent transfer of the property known as Asha Studio, near R. K. Studio at Sion-Trombay road in Chembur.The 10,000 sq m property initially belonged to Sitadevi Roopchand Jaisingh who died in 2006 without dividing the property among her kin. Sitadevi had three sons-Shyam, Brijmohan and Kedarnath and three daughters. Kedarnath and three daughters passed away one after another. In 2007 one son Kedarnath passed away leaving his two sons-Anil and Vinod.. Taking advantage of this, the four suspects made a fraudulent \"Gift Deed\" showing that Sitadevi had gifted said property to Shyam Rupchand Jaisinh. Brij Mohan and heir of late son Kedarnath, and subsequently entire property were transferred on their name without taking in confidence of their sisters, the police said.In 2010 Sitadevi's son in laws filed a partition suit before the Bombay high court and it was during this they learnt that Sitadevi had already given away the ancestral property to four accused through gift deed. Further during inquiries from the sub registerar's office it was transpired that the gift deed was dated July 15, 2005 which was registered with Registerar office at Nahoor in Mulund. The gift deed was between Sitadevi and four suspects.'' Said an officer of the EOW.Sitadevi's son in laws started digging more and sought information under the Right to Information (RTI) and were shocked to learnt that there was gross violation in doing the gift deed. Sitadevi used to sign documents but the gift deed contains her thumb impression, secondly the date and timing when the gift deed is said to be registered has several descrepancies. There are evidence to show that accused Kadam never visited Sitadevi's house for making of gift deed as he was present in the Mulund office at the time and was registering some other documents, the payments of the registeration was also made next day etc hence it is appears that gift deed itself is forged.'' Added officer.Police are now in process of questioning three other senior official from Registrar's office and a solicitor in this connection. The complaint was actually filed in March 2012 at Chembur police station against the four accused and sub registrar Kadam. Subsequently, Jaisingh brothers had challenged an FIR and filed a petition in the Bombay High Court for quashing the same. HC refused to quash an FIR and ordered the City Police to transferred probe to EOW.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17736229", "title": "24x7 mental health helpline from January in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC's 24x7 mental health helpline will be operational from January. The helpline is aimed at counselling patients. It will also refer patients requiring medical help to civic hospitals.In 2010, the BMC had announced that it will launch the 'Life is Beautiful' helpline; however, the plan never took off due to administrative delay. But now, with the rising number of mental health cases, the plan has been revived. Head of psychiatry department at KEM hospital Dr Shubhangi Parkar will head the project and is finalizing the details.Additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar said counsellors will be hired to work in three shifts. The helpline will also be linked to the police control room, so that cops can be informed in case of an emergency.\"We will target those in the vulnerable category and conduct seminars for them. We have planned 24 seminars in the next year,\" said Mhaiskar.The proposal has got an approval from civic chief Sitaram Kunte and the toll-free number is being finalized.According to statistics, while one out of five people need counselling at least once in their lives, about 6% need medications. Statistics further show that 20% Indians need counselling at some point of their lives. One per cent of the population suffers from serious mental health disorders, while 5%-10% Indians suffer from moderate disorders.Prevalence of mental health issues ranges from 10 to as many as 370 people per 1,000 in various parts of the country.\"With the city going through a sea of change, increasing competition in school, colleges and workplace is taking a toll on people, especially the youth, and hence the number of people going through stress has also increased,\" said a senior civic doctor.With the cases of mental illness and related crime increasing considerably and 24X7 helpline will assume more importance. The civic body had announced in 2010 a 'life is beautiful' helpline, but due to administrative delay the plan never took up. But now with the number of cases increasing the BMC has revived the plan and the helpline will operational from January. Dr Shubhangi Parkar, head of psychiatry department at KEM hospital is heading the project and is working to finalise the details..Additional Municipal Commissioner, Manisha Mhaiskar, said that they are going to hire counsellors to work in three shifts. The helpline will also be linked to the police control room, so that in case of an emergency the local police can be informed soon.\"We are also planning to track vulnerable categories like patients at the TB hospital, victims of domestic violence, and executives under stress, students writing their board exams and conduct seminars for them. 24 such seminars are being planned in the next year,\" said Mhaiskar.Municipal Commissioner Sitaram Kunte has approved the proposal and, the toll free number is being finalised.According to data, one out of five people need counselling at least once in their lives. About 6% of people need medications for mental health problems. According to the government's statistics, 20% of Indians need counselling at some point of their lives. One per cent of the population suffers from serious mental health disorders, while 5-10% of Indians suffer from moderate disorders.Prevalence of mental health issues ranges from 10 to as many as 370 people per every 1,000 population in various parts of the country.\"With the city going through a sea of change, increasing competition in school, colleges and workplace is taking a toll on the mental peace of the people especially youth and hence the number of people going through stress has also increased,\" said a senior civic doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17742100", "title": "Demi Moore 'seeking big payout' from Kutcher", "text": "Demi Moore has reportedly stalled her divorce proceedings with former husband Ashton Kutcher , as she wants a bigger settlement from the actor.According to sources, the sticking point in the divorce has been that the 50-year-old actress wants the same type of settlement from Kutcher that she got from her former husband Bruce Willis , TMZ.com reported.Although details of Willis-Moore settlement are not known, sources said that the 'Ghost' actress got a large settlement.Moore is far richer than Kutcher, with the value of her New York Apartment alone being around 25 million dollars.Kutcher had waited for more than a year before filing for divorce on Friday, as he wanted to give Moore the dignity of doing it first but she never filed for divorce.Other sources have said that Moore was waiting for a financial resolution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17737473", "title": "'Eve-teasing in public transport is routine affair'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Girls and women, who use public transport in the city, face incidents of eve-teasing more than twice in a week. Sharing general problems girls face in public transport, Bhawna Bisht, a college student said, \"In auto-rickshaws, fellow commuters touch our legs or try to touch our shoulders and pretend as if they have kept their hands on the seat. They also pass lewd comments or sing vulgar songs.\" She added that they experience worst time, when they are travelling in a crowded bus. \"The passengers deliberately collide with us while we are standing and pretend as if there is no space to stand,\" she said.Endorsing similar view, Ayushi Srivastava, a working professional who daily commutes to her office by public transport said, \"Ideally in tempos, three persons should sit in a seat, but tempo drivers accommodate four in it. Taking advantage of the situation, most of the time the commuters try to push me back or touch me. They continuously stare at me from a rear glass after adjusting it.\" She added that every time she had to say to them to sit properly. She gets support from the fellow commuters only when she raises her voice against it.Recalling a month-old incident, Supriya Mishra, a charted accountancy student said, \"In an auto-rickshaw, a fellow passenger was touching me with the nudge of his elbow. First I thought that it might have happened by mistake, but soon I realised that he was doing it deliberately. Feeling uncomfortable, I changed the auto.\" She added that with increasing cases of eve-teasing in public transport, she has started avoiding public transport.Similarly, Japinder Kaur complains that she regularly faces eve-teasing in public transport when she goes to her office at Sultanpur road. She said, \"Eve-teasing has become a routine thing, and such incidents happen at least twice in a week. Some passengers start behaving properly, when told to sit in a right manner and others fight that they have not done anything wrong.\"However, there are some girls who had got support from fellow commuters. Anuradha Pant, a working professional recalled an incident when she was travelling by an auto, \"Some months ago, a passenger was touching me again and again and so I slapped him. He started arguing with me that it was by mistake. However, the auto driver asked that man to get down and said because of people like him, most girls avoid travelling in an auto-rickshaw.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17736283", "title": "Much hyped dalit women hostel project in limbo", "text": "NOIDA: The SC/ST hostel envisioned by BSP supremo Mayawati is far from opening. No progress has been made in the project, touted as one of the most significant facilities in the state for dalits, after chief minister Akhilesh Yadav took charge.Officials, however, claimed the hostel is almost complete with only 10% of the work remaining. The Rs 40-crore Dr Ambedkar SC/ST hostel, meant exclusively for working women and girl students, was expected to be ready by this year. Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Nirman Nigam (UPRNN)was entrusted with the construction. During her tenure, Mayawati had tried to ensure that this first-of-its-kind hostel has facilities that match \"any renowned private college hostel\".The six-storey hostel, deserted for the past few months, can accommodate 500 people with 200 double- and 100 single-occupancy rooms along with security measures that include CCTV cameras and round-the-clock surveillance.The proposal for the hostel was first made in January 2009 along with a host of other projects pegged at Rs 3,500 crore. Construction of the girls' hostel began in March 2009. However, technical problems in the original architectural plan delayed the project. \"We have asked UPRNN to come in and inform us of the status of the construction work. In a few days we will have the details of what remains to be done,\" said K S Chauhan, DCEO, Noida Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chandrapur/nagpur", "code": "17736498", "title": "Manager of Pranhita project held for Naxal links", "text": "CHANDRAPUR/NAGPUR: The prestigious Pranhita-Chevella Irrigation Project, a joint venture of Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh, has come under scanner of security forces following the arrest of a manager of one of the private companies engaged in the work for close links with Naxals.Venkatramma Reddy, the manager of Hyderabad's Sushee Infrastructure Private Limited, was nabbed by Jimulgatta police in Aheri tehsil on Saturday along with two others in Devalmari jungle of Gadchiroli. The trio was headed to meet a group of Naxals to provide logistics and financial support. They were also in possession of incriminating material brought as an aid for Naxals. One of the accused is a leader of NCP and ex-chairman of Sironcha Panchayat Samiti.Cops investigating the recent encounter with Naxals in Lankachen jungle near Venkatapur in October last year got information about some persons having close association with a Naxal dalam. The arrested persons had helped in shifting the injured in Lankachen encounter to nearby villages and providing medical assistance.The security forces got information that Naxals were scheduled to meet in Jimulgatta jungle following which a trap was laid under the guidance of Aheri SDPO Sandeep Bauche on Saturday and Reddy, Satyanarayan Parpatlawar and Chhinayya Soyam were caught. Sources said NCP leader from Sironcha Parpatlawar reportedly acted as a middleman between the manager and Naxals.Superintendent of police Suvez Haque confirmed the arrest of three Naxal supporters. \"We had information about the movement of some persons who often brought aid for the Naxal dalam involved in Lankachen encounter. The operation to nab them was planned accordingly,\" he said. The trio was produced before the judicial magistrate who sent them to police custody till December 28.Sources said Reddy was working on the irrigation project on Chandrapur-Gadchiroli border for the last couple of months. Haq said the manager belonged to Andhra Pradesh and had supplied cash to Naxals in the past. Details of material seized from the accused could not be known, but sources said some cash was also recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17738225", "title": "Body of newborn girl found in pond", "text": "ROHTAK: A newborn girl was found dead in a pond outside Dulheri village in Bhiwani district on Saturday evening. Police suspect the infant could have been dumped by her parents to get rid of her.Tosham police station SHO Mauji Ram informed TOI on Sunday that some shepherd spotted the body dumped near a small pond outside the village on Saturday evening and informed the village sarpanch about it. Sarpanch Raghbir Singh informed the police which retrieved the body and took it for post-mortem examination at Bhiwani civil hospital.\"We registered a case under Section 318 of IPC for concealment of birth by secret disposal of body. The child may have died before or after or during the birth,\" he said. The sarpanch stated they were also inquiring at the village level about suspect persons as it seemed that some family had dumped the newborn for being a girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17738471", "title": "Mercury dips: Too cold for comfort", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The minimum night temperature dropped to at least 10 degree below normal at eight places in Odisha on Sunday with Phulbani recording the season's lowest at 3.2 degrees Celsius.Reports here said Daringbadi, one of the coldest spots in the state, in Kandhamal district also shivered in acute cold-wave condition. The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) does not have an observatory at this place to record the temperature.Snowfall was witnessed in Daringibadi and Belghar area during the last year's peak winter. \"This year we have seen dew beds early in the morning,\" said AK Sahu, a grocery shop owner at Daringibadi.The Met office forecast cold wave conditions would prevail at a few places in the state for at least two more days.\"The cold wind blowing from northern India and Himalayan regions has led to the drop in night temperature at several places, mostly in interior parts of the state. A similar trend would continue on Monday and Tuesday,\" said Sarat Chandra Sahu, director of the IMD, Bhubaneswar. He said night temperature dropped by 6 degree Celsius below normal in Balangir while Phulbani witnessed a drop of about 4 degree Celsius.Unofficial sources said at least two persons died due to the cold wave in Kandhamal district. However, a senior officer of the district said, \"We have no reports about death of any person in the district due to cold wave.\"According to IMD data, minimum night temperature on Sunday was 7 degree Celsius at Baripada, 7.4 at Sundargarh, 7.8 at Sambalpur, 8 at Keonjhar, 8.2 at Jharsuguda, 9.2 at Bhawanipatna and 9.4 degree Celsius at Balangir.The minimum night temperature in Bhubaneswar on Sunday was 15.2 degree Celsius, which was about 0.6 degree above normal temperature. Cuttack witnessed a drop in night temperature by about 1.5 degree C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17741852", "title": "NASA plans to `lasso' asteroid and turn it into space station", "text": "LONDON: NASA scientists are planning to capture a 500 ton asteroid, relocate it and turn it into a space station for astronauts to refuel at on their way to Mars.The 1.6bn-pound plan will be considered by the White House's Office of Science and technology in the coming weeks, as it prepares to set its space exploration agenda for the next decade, the Daily Mail reported.According to a report prepared by NASA and California Institute of Technology (Caltech) scientists, a, 'asteroid capture capsule' would be attached to an old Atlas V rocket and directed towards the asteroid between the earth and the moon.Once close, the asteroid capsule would release a 50ft diameter bag that wrap around the spinning rock using drawstrings.The craft would then turn on its thrusters, using an estimated 300kg of propellant, to stop the asteroid in its tracks and tow it into a gravitationally neutral spot.From here space explorers would have a stationary base from which to launch trips deeper into space.Though NASA declined to comment on the project, it is believed that technology would make it possible within 10-12 years.The technology would also open up the possibility of mining other asteroids for their metals and minerals.Some are full of iron which could be used for in the making of new space stations, others are made up of water which could be broken down into hydrogen and oxygen to make fuel.It is hoped that the project will increase our understanding of asteroids, and even shed new light on the origin of life on Earth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17736872", "title": "Christmas party thrown for pigs saved from slaughter", "text": "PANAJI: People for the ethical treatment of animals (Peta), India, and the Panjim animal welfare society (Paws) announced recently that they organized a party for some pigs which were rescued from a slaughter in Ponda, recently.The pigs feasted on corn, spinach, strawberries and other foods that they love, from a table decorated in Christmas decor, at CCP's animal shelter at St Inez in Panaji , said PETA India nutritionist Bhuvaneshwari Gupta, who oversaw the arrangement. While nearly 100 pigs were rescued by Paws two months ago, very few 'participated' in the party. \"Some are still coming out of the trauma and recovering,\" Gupta told TOI.Gupta said, \"We can save only a tiny fraction of the pigs who suffer in the meat industry. Millions could be saved if more people simply switched to a healthy, humane vegan diet.\"\"Studies have shown that pigs are highly intelligent, sensitive and, contrary to common misconceptions, very clean animals that don't deserve to be abused, slaughtered and eaten. Pigs dream, enjoy listening to soothing music and, when given the chance, establish complex social structures. They have very good memories and sophisticated communicative skills and have acted heroically, saving the lives of others-including humans,\" Gupta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17742151", "title": "Sunny Leone set for debut stage performance", "text": "Indo-Canadian adult movie star Sunny Leone will set the stage on fire as she performs in the capital for the first time on New Year's Eve.The 31-year-old, who made her Bollywood debut with \"Jism 2\" , will perform at Hotel Lalit, Barakhamba road, Dec 31, reads a statement.\"This is Sunny Leone's first live dance performance in India. We are looking forward to Studio 169's red carpet party, and we hope to make it India's grandest New Year's Eve,\" said Shilpi Gupta, who is organising the event.The extravaganza also includes dance performances by some international dancers and live music, foot-tapping music by DJ Kary, the first female DJ of India.Sunny will next be seen in Ekta Kapoor's \" Ragini MMS 2\", which is the sequel to 2011 film \"Ragini MMS\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "17740387", "title": "Sri Lankan navy arrests 27 Indian fishermen", "text": "COLOMBO: Sri Lankan navy has arrested 27 Indian fishermen and seized their four trawlers after accusing them of fishing inside the country's maritime area.Navy spokesman Kosala Warnakulasuriya said that the Indians were arrested on Sunday night for \"poaching inside Sri Lanka international maritime border limits (IMBL) off the eastern coast\".The boats and the trawlers would be handed over to the police in the harbour town of Trincomalee today for further action, the Navy said.Early this month, at least 40 Indian fishermen and their four trawlers were repatriated by the Navy after a similar arrest for straying into Sri Lanka's IMBL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17736696", "title": "Living in hostels is a challenge", "text": "NAGPUR: Leaving one's hometown for either studies or work is always a concern for women because it means moving out of their safety net. While those who move in with their relatives continue to enjoy emotional and security benefits, it is the females who move into hostels that face a tough challenge.A lucky Sadrani teaches at a local CBSE school and hails from Chandrapur. \"I live in a hostel here and safety is always a concern. Safety, both inside and outside, has to be looked into before we choose a hostel to stay,\" she said.The internal security of the hostel is not only decided by the number of security guards and its high walls but also by strict discipline, says Sadrani. \"It is important to know who all can access the hostel. In some hostels, boys come frequently to meet their friends while in some only relatives are allowed. During my graduation years, I was staying at a hostel managed by Christian missionaries and they adhered to a strict protocol, which gave all of us a sense of security,\" she said.Shraddha Ramteke (name changed) is a divorcee and is staying at a hostel for working women in the city. She feels the location of the institute matters. \"I am from Saoner but decided not to commute daily to my office in Pratap Nagar hence I am staying at a hostel. The most vulnerable spot for women is right outside the gate of their hostels since many miscreants know that we don't have families here who will run immediately to help us. Once in the city, we become part of the crowd and no one can tell that we are not locals. So, I decided to choose a hostel which is in heart of the city and there are plenty of people around at any given point of time to help if needed,\" said Ramteke.Her friend Rakhi Sonawane (name changed) says hostels are still better than staying in a rented flat. \"In case of any medical emergency late at night there are many people around to help you. Also, nowadays in hostels we have to share rooms, which helps emotionally as well. In flats, though there is privacy, and literally no rules, that can be dangerous in the long run,\" said Rakhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17739798", "title": "Berry celebrates Christmas without daughter", "text": "Actress Halle Berry has jetted off to France with fiance Oliver Martinez and left daughter Nahla behind.Berry, 46, was seen at the airport here with Martinez, minus Nahle, who will be spending Christmas with her father and the actress' ex-boyfriend Aubry, reports tmz.com.The actress was recently in news when Aubry and Martinez got into a brawl on Thanksgiving, which turned into an ugly physical fight.However, both the parties called it a truce after various legal hearings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17736001", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Victim undergoes third surgery to remove infected fluid", "text": "NEW DELHI: Exactly a week after her brutal gang rape, the 23-year-old victim, named Nirbhaya by TOI, underwent her third surgery on Sunday. With infection spreading in her body, doctors at Safdarjung hospital decided to operate her on Sunday to wash out the infected fluid. She has been put on ventilator support again.In a one-and-a-half hour long surgery that started at 2pm, doctors washed her abdominal cavity with saline and betadine solution. The procedure was performed under general anesthesia. Doctors said Nirbhaya had complained of pain in the abdomen and difficulty in breathing on Saturday night.\"We carried out a few tests such as CT-scan and ultrasound in which fluid collection was reported in her abdomen. To drain the infected fluid, we performed a peritoneal wash,'' said Dr B D Athani, medical superintendent, Safdarjung Hospital.The CT-scan had indicated fluid collection in the right side of the abdomen, under the liver. Doctors say she had difficulty breathing due to the spread of infection.On Sunday, a team of surgeons from the AIIMS Trauma Centre and G B Pant examined the victim. Though the surgery was performed by Safdarjung doctors, AIIMS Trauma Centre chief, Dr M C Misra, and G B Pant's head of surgery, Dr Anil Aggarwal, were present in the operation theatre. During the surgery, the tube attached to the duodenum \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a procedure performed on her during the second surgery when the entire intestines were removed \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was also removed as it had become loose due to infection.\"The tube had to be removed as it had become loose and chances of infected fluid leaking from it were high. To ensure that there is no further fluid collection in her abdomen, we have put three new tubes. We have to control the sepsis from spreading,'' said Dr Misra.While her all vital parameters like blood pressure, pulse, urine output and respiratory rate are all well within limits, a further drop in her platelet count was a cause of concern, doctors said. Despite being administered four platelet-rich plasma units, there was no improvement in her platelet count. On Sunday, it had further dropped to 19,000. However, her white blood cell count increased from 2600 on Saturday to 5800 on Sunday.\"The increase in white blood cell is a positive indicator as it reflects that there antibodies to fight infection. But it also indicates a rise in infection and inflammation,'' said Dr Misra.The doctor also said Nirbhaya's coagulation process had got affected due to multiple transfusions. \"Due to this, there are high chances of internal bleeding,'' he added.Earlier, doctors wanted to make her walk on Sunday. But that plan has now been put on hold. Doctors have started physiotherapy of her lower limbs so that there is no thrombosis.\"Our physiotherapists are making her do routine exercises. She is conscious and alert. The next 7-10 days are going to be critical. We are giving her broad spectrum antibiotics. Post-operation, we have put her on ventilator support again,'' said Dr Athani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17741005", "title": "Manmohan, Putin meeting venue shifted from Hyderabad House to 7RCR", "text": "NEW DELHI: With India Gate and its surrounding area the scene of violent protests against a gang rape, the venue of the meeting between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday was changed from Hyderabad House to 7, Race Course Road.The meeting was earlier scheduled at Hyderabad House, which adjoins India Gate where thousands of people, mostly youth, clashed with police during protests over the gangrape of a 23-year-old woman a week ago.The meeting venue was changed to the prime minister's official residence, according to a statement.Putin arrived early Monday for the annual bilateral summit between the two nations. He is to leave in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17736145", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Unknown six meet Sonia, Rahul for justice", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress supremo Sonia Gandhi met six protesters at her 10 Janpath home on Sunday morning. Talks lasted for around 90 minutes with Rahul Gandhi, Congress spokesperson Renuka Chowdhury and minister of state for home affairs R P N Singh.Strangely, however, the six refused to reveal their identities; they just said five of them were professionals and one was a college student.The six people later said that Sonia assured them of fast-tracking the case and considering an amendment of criminal law so that it ensures maximum punishment for rapists.\"They have assured us that certain sections of law like 201 and 307 will be added to rape cases so that the accused are severely punished. They also told us that the law and order situation in the city will be improved so that women feel safe,\" said one of them.Renuka Chowdhury said that the same group of protesters was seen outside 10 Janpath on Saturday night when Sonia came out to meet them around 11pm. \"Sonia had asked them to come and meet her this morning. None of the protesters knew each other and they all have different backgrounds,\" said Chowdhury.Another protester said, \"Rahul said while it is natural for us to be emotional, we should not be irrational. They have also told us that capital punishment is being considered for this case and it is being slotted under the 'rarest of rare' category. We are now appealing to all protesters to maintain calm and continue protests non-violently.\"Protesters also clarified that this meeting was not enough to pacify protests, and that Section 144 CrPC must be lifted.After mediapersons expressed doubt about the credentials of the protesters who met Sonia, R P N Singh clarified that they were neither members of NSUI or the Youth Congress. Doubts were also raised about the impact of Sonia's meeting as protests raged throughout Sunday.The top-level intervention from the Congress seemed aimed at aligning the party with the anger on the streets that has seen young boys and girls defy police and prohibitory orders to highlight the plight of students, office-going women and poor workers who face harassment in the national capital.The rising anger, touched off by the macabre rape and attempt to murder of Nirbhaya (as TOI has symbolically named the victim), contrasted with the absence of any political intervention. In fact, the criticism went that the government had left it to the law and order machinery to deal with a genuine outrage.Sonia's stepping out seemed aimed at addressing the criticism, while betraying concern that prolonged political vacuum could channelize the anger against Congress.After hearing out the angry outburst, Singh briefed the group about action being taken to address such crimes while saying that Nirbhaya's case would be dealt with in a speedy manner.\"There will be day to day hearing in this case. All the accused have being arrested,\" Singh said.Rahul told the protesters that their anger packed a punch. He said, \"You are very emotional, it is good, emotions are needed in such incidents, but when we take decisions we have to think them through in a rational manner.\"Rahul said if laws were framed emotionally, they could turn out for the worse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17736851", "title": "Youth dies performing bike stunt", "text": "MARGAO: In a tragic incident, Amey Madgaonkar, a 20-year-old boy from Pontemol, Curchorem, paid with his life for his passion for motorcycle stunts.He died after a stunt he was performing on his motorbike alongwith his friends in Verna went terribly wrong. He lost his life even before medical aid could reach him.Police sources said that a group of youngsters were performing stunts on their motorcycle, nearly a kilometer away from a car racing event that was underway at Verna, and Madgaonkar was among the participants.When Madgaonkar landed on the ground and lost consciousness, his fellow participants rushed to the car racing event and requested for the ambulance stationed at the venue to rush Madgaokar to the hospital.Aggrieved over the alleged delay in responding to the situation by the organizers of the car racing event, the agitated group disrupted the event. Maina Curtorim police have registered the case as an accident and further investigations are under way, police sources informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17742353", "title": "Miranda Kerr in 'Santa's little helper' corset", "text": "Miranda Kerr gave her fans a special sexy Santa surprise by posting a photo of herself in festive lingerie on photo-sharing-app Instagram.The picture features the 29-year-old Victoria Secret model in a red lacy corset with white fur trim and pouts like a pro at the camera, the Daily Mail reported.\"Santa's little helper,\" Stuff.co.nz quoted her as captioning the image.So far more than 65,000 fans have liked her Christmas attire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17735879", "title": "Delhi gang rape: India Gate turns into a battleground", "text": "NEW DELHI: A month before the Republic turns up at India Gate, with all its pomp and glory, people incensed by its attempt to silence their voice marched all over the place, making a bonfire of the wooden barricades that keep them off Rajpath. The mild ones who advocated peace and didn't wish to stoke the fire were soon running for cover as the heavy hand of the state descended on them with round after round of tear gas and lathicharges.Soon, India Gate was resembling a battleground with fires burning here and there, water on the ground and smoke in the air. But blood and bruises didn't deter the protesters and some of them were back at India Gate by nightfall, setting the stage for another day of uncertainty and confrontation on Monday.What began as a peaceful protest on a misty Sunday morning gathered storm as the day progressed, ending with a massive clean-up operation by Delhi Police with tear gas, water cannons and lathicharge. There was chaos, anger and confusion as around 10,000 protesters and several cops clashed repeatedly. Police lathicharged the crowd at least 10 times, injuring 65 people (many more didn't report at hospitals). And finally, around 5.30pm, they just went berserk - the policemen and the Rapid Action Force rained lathi blows on everyone coming in their way, including protesters, mediapersons and even families out for a walk.At least 250 tear gas shells were lobbed and water cannons used as cops chased the protesters all the way from India Gate to ITO, Mandi House and Pragati Maidan. Delhi Police officers said the protest, which was peaceful on Saturday, had been hijacked by some political elements and hooligans who threw stones at regular intervals. Around 78 policemen were injured, including one constable identified as Subhash Tomar who is reported to be critical. Officials said he was beaten up by the violent protestors and is now on ventilator support.The drama began early in the morning as the protesters began to assemble around 8am. The cops imposed prohibitory orders under section 144 of CrPC in all of New Delhi area and tried sending the protesters to Jantar Mantar and Ramlila Maidan by dragging and pushing them into buses. However, many protesters successfully resisted this and the crowd steadily swelled. Parallel protests took place at 10 Janpath and Jantar Mantar. Even as Metro stations were closed down and barricades put up, people continued to pour into India Gate by walking long distances.The cops had blocked all access routes early in the morning but there was no stopping the people. Unable to deal with a growing crowd that repeatedly made attempts to breach security, the cops fired tear gas and lathicharged the protesters repeatedly even as the agitators vandalised public property. The protesters were also lathicharged at Jantar Mantar, Rail Bhawan and Mansingh Road.While a group of JNU students marched into India Gate from Nizamuddin around 11am, other groups made their way in from Ashoka Road. A large group of protesters blocked all traffic on the India Gate C-hexagon near Hyderabad House until cops removed them. Some rowdy elements in this group jumped on top of a police vehicle, breaking the windows and hammering the bonnet with sticks, even as others pleaded with them to stop, horrified. Some protesters gheraoed MP Sandeep Dikshit's car and chased him before he was escorted into the barricaded area of Rajpath.A few protesters from the youth wing of left parties also tried making their way to Rashtrapati Bhavan through Rafi Marg. Around 200 youngsters, along with Brinda Karat , were forcefully pushed back near Rail Bhavan when the cops used their lathis and sprayed water to disperse the protesters around 12.30pm. But this did not deter the crowds. Women rights group like National Federation of India Women tried yet again to breach security leading to a second lathicharge within an hour.\"They think they will remove us from here but we will not go,\" said Sheela from Trilokpuri, who along with other women sat on the road causing the traffic to come to a standstill. After this these protesters started to make their way to Ashoka Road which was already reeling under a riot-like situation.The violence sharply escalated around 5.15pm, with the protesters pelting stones at the police and burning barricades and machans. A Delhi Doordarshan SX4 vehicle was turned over and damaged by an angry mob. Around 5.30pm, Delhi Police ordered a lathicharge and evacuation of people from India Gate.For the next one hour, the police went on the rampage, hitting anyone in sight, lobbing more than 200 tear gas shells and using water cannons. The protesters, who moved to the roads connecting the India Gate circle, damaged more than 50 vehicles, including 12 DTC buses, and set many vehicles, including a dozen PCR vans and some private vehicles, on fire. Even moving buses with passengers inside were pelted with stones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17737889", "title": "The counsellor", "text": "Child rightsI am in my final year of BA LLB but I am not keen to join a law firm. I would like to join an NGO preferably dealing with children's issues. Is there any way I can supplement my degree?Anika LambaLuckily for you, the department of social work, Jamia Millia Islamia offers a one-year PG diploma course in child rights (evening) in collaboration with a Swedish NGO, Save the Children.Although children constitute more than 40% of the Indian population, they have been completely marginalised, while the female child faces dual discrimination \u00e2\u20ac\u201d first on the basis of gender and secondly on account of belonging to a societal group that has not been recognised as citizens. Even after 20 years of adopting the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child and the urgent need for rights-based intervention, children in India lack a forum to address their grievances. Most academic institutions still shy away from incorporating Child Rights as a part of their curriculum.With your background in law you will be able to easily grasp the language and techniques of the rights-based approach that forms an integral part of this course. Graduates in the fields of social welfare or social development and fresh graduates with at least 45% marks can apply for this course. Admissions are based on a screening test and an interview.For details, log on to the link below jmi.nic.in/Fsoc/SocialWork.htmThe National Law School of India University (NLSIU), Bangalore (www.nls.ac.in/ccl)Course: Postgraduate diploma in child rights law (one-year , distance).The course draws from the rich insights gained by Centre for Child and the Law, a specialised research centre at the NLSIU, engaged in research, training, teaching, practice and policy advocacy on various issues related to children. Eligibility: Graduates in any discipline can apply. You will be expected to attend three contact classes of approximately three days each during the course. For further details, contact NLSIU's Distance Education Department, Email: ded@nls.ac.inI also came across the website of terre des homes, an international body that raises funds to support action and advocacy on behalf of children who have no means of defending themselves against poverty, oppression, abandonment or discrimination. Website: http:// childrensrightsindia.orgNano prospectsWhat are the prospects in Nanotechnology?Tushar GoelNanotechnology is in fact the technology of the future. By 2015, it is expected to grow into a $1 trillion industry. Nanotechnology impacts all major sectors like solar energy , aerospace, environment, telecommunications, computing, etc, besides being widely used in a number of movies, television series and video games.Hundreds of companies offer nanotech products while an equally large number are involved in nanotech research.With a professional degree in nanotechnology, you can work as a scientist, academic, biotechnologist, systems designer, research officer or product designer. Besides these, you can work in several other areas of nanotechnology, such as business development and administration, legal areas, and sales and marketing. Remuneration can go up to Rs 20 lakh per-annum depending upon your qualification.India is on its way to becoming the global hub for nanoscience and nanotechnology. To this end, the government has set up a five-year nano science and technology mission spearheaded by the Department of Science &amp; Technology (DST) to create nano clusters in the country with huge investments. India is favourably placed as it is expected to have the youngest scientific talent pool in the world by 2020.This has resulted in the initiation of hundreds of R&D; projects, establishment of several centres of excellence in nano science and nano technology, some of which are in the public-private partnership.Already, many countries (US, UK, Canada, European Union , Germany and Italy, among others) have entered into bilateral cooperation with India in this field.Game planI will be completing my class XII (commerce stream) this year. I am very keen on making a career in gaming and programming. Which courses or degree must I opt for?  Saransh JamwalHardcore game engine and programme design relies heavily on maths and physics. Since you are a commerce student you are at a disadvantage here. But don't loose hope, all is not lost. If you at least have maths you can pursue a BCA or BSc-IT for starters. If not, opt for the DOEACC route and start with the foundation programme.Several private institutes offer short-term courses/ diplomas in gaming related areas \u00e2\u20ac\u201d game design, gaming &amp; programming, among others. I would suggest you take up these courses alongside your graduation to get a 'feel' for the area and also test your suitability and interest. Some of the full-time programmes can even be taken up after completing your graduation. Increasingly, games are being developed as 'apps' and for casual playing on mobile phones, tablets and even online.A lot of these games rely more on an interesting or topical 'idea' and good execution (visuals). You can enter the gaming industry from an animation and design perspective as well.-- Pervin Malhotra, director, CARING Career Information &amp; Guidance, New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17736606", "title": "Police fail to arrest spurious liquor trader", "text": "PATNA: Even after 21 days of the incident, the Meerganj police have failed to locate the whereabouts of Moti Yadav who ran a factory manufacturing spurious liquor at his cowshed in Vriti Tola Kharauni village in Gopalganj district.It may be noted here that Hathwa SDPO Anand Kumar Pandey along with his lone bodyguard had carried out a raid at the aforesaid village on December 2 evening and unearthed a spurious liquor factory running from the cowshed of one, Moti Yadav.The SDPO had recovered 35 bags containing 3,500 pouches of 400 ml liquor each, wrappers of government liquor, battery, three LPG cylinders, two-and-a-half dozen containers, auto packaging machine and five motorcycles with three registration numbers of Uttar Pradesh. Moti, however, managed to escape from there.The Hathwa SDPO said on Sunday that Moti had gone underground after the raid. Efforts were on to trace him, he said adding an FIR had been lodged against him in this connection with the police station concerned.The SDPO said he would review the particular case along with other cases within 10 days. He said that though the addresses of the owners of the five motorcycles had been traced, efforts were on to verify whether they were stolen or not.Police sources said the spurious liquor was being supplied to different districts of Uttar Pradesh and several areas in Siwan district on these motorcycles during night to dodge the police. Moti had links with liquor mafia of Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17739412", "title": "Trisha to make her Kannada debut", "text": "At a time when most actors from Sandalwood are vying for recognition in other industries, here's some interesting news. Trisha Krishnan, considered one of Tamil and Telugu film industries' top heroines, is all set to enter Sandalwood by being part of a trilingual film RUM, which starts in January. Confirming this news to BT, Trisha says, \"Yes, MS Raju's film RUM will be made in Kannada too. It is a trilingual, which will also be made in Telugu and Tamil.\" MS Raju, who is one of Tollywood's top producers, has also cast Poorna (Shamna) of Jhossh fame. It will have a third heroine as well. While the team is still working on the script , Trisha reveals that the character she is essaying in the film is going to be a powerful one, since it is a heroine-oriented film. \"I've received many offers from Kannada filmmakers, but none of them have materialized so far. Now, with this film, I'm finally entering the industry. I would love to test a new territory. After all, language has never been a barrier for actors, has it?\" asks Trisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17742482", "title": "Butler couldn't recruit dream co-star Becks", "text": "Gerard Butler has revealed that he tried to get David Beckham do a guest appearance in his new film Playing For Keeps, but it couldn't work out.The film sees real-life Celtic supporter Butler play a retired player for the Glasgow team who moves to the US and becomes a presenter on sports TV network ESPN.\"I did try to get David Beckham into the movie,\" the Daily Express quoted him as telling Magic FM.\"He was going to do it at one point! At the part when I go to ESPN for my audition, David would be walking out kind of patting me on the shoulder,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17779874", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar calls it a day in one-days", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sachin Tendulkar will never again be seen on the field in the blue Indian jersey. After a 23-year-long career during which he broke virtually all records worth breaking, the world's greatest ODI batsman announced his retirement from the 50-over game on Sunday.Sachin's ODI record  | Profile:  Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar | In Pics:  Sachin's one-day journey\"I have decided to retire from the one-day format of the game. I feel blessed to have fulfilled the dream of being part of a World Cup wining Indian team. The preparatory process to defend the World Cup in 2015 should begin early and in right earnest,\" Tendulkar said in a statement released by the BCCI.The board said that the Mumbai maestro had spoken to BCCI president N Srinivasan and conveyed the decision. \"I would like to wish the team all the very best for the future. I am eternally grateful to all my well wishers for their unconditional support and love over the years,\" Tendulkar added.The decision came on the day when the selectors announced the ODI squad for the series against Pakistan, giving rise to speculation that Sachin was nudged by the board to call it a day. In fact, a BCCI source said Tendulkar wanted to play the series against Pakistan before bidding goodbye to the format. He changed his mind after getting feelers from the selectors that he won't be considered for the ODI team on the basis of his current form. BCCI, however, denied this and said it was Sachin's own decision.The source added that Tendulkar was keen for a last duel against the Pakistanis. \"It's a marquee series and no player of his stature would say no to such a contest and retire on the day when the team is announced,\" a source close to the team told TOI.Sources said that two selectors - chief Sandep Patil and Roger Binny - were in constant touch with Tendulkar and discussed the issue at length with him.The board insisted that Sachin has been contemplating retirement from ODIs for quite some time and had last week informed those close to him about his decision.\"It's been Sachin's decision to pick and choose his ODI series and today he has decided to announce his retirement on his own. There was no pressure from BCCI. He played cricket on his own terms and no one influenced his decision,\" a top BCCI official told TOI.Reacting to the decision, Ratnakar Shetty, the BCCI's chief administrative officer, said: \"I won't say it is a shocker because he has also been thinking about this, waiting for the right time to call it a day. Today, he has expressed his desire to retire from the one-day format, and the BCCI really respects his wishes.\"A BCCI source, however, said Sachin was no longer fitting in the scheme of things in the ODIs. \"One, he was picking and choosing his ODI contests which wasn't allowing the team to settle with a combination. Two, the selectors were keen to give young players more opportunities keeping the 2015 World Cup in mind,\" he said.The selectors, according to sources, want Sachin to play some Ranji Trophy games before the Test series against Australia at home. \"They all respect his abilities, but what is required at this level is to keep performing no matter how big you are,\" another source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17737109", "title": "Pvt college medicos eager to intern at govt hospitals", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a move welcomed by government hospitals, more fresh graduates from private medical colleges will get a chance to treat patients in state-run hospitals which treat thousands of patients every week with just a handful of doctors.The government order giving permission to 85 graduates from private colleges in Hyderabad and elsewhere in the country also provides a rare opportunity for junior doctors to get hands-on experience as government hospitals get more patients when compared to private set ups. The graduates will be working in three centres namely Osmania Medical College (OMC), Andhra Medical College (AMC) at Visakhapatnam and Government Dental College (GDC) in Hyderabad.While 50 interns from private medical colleges in and outside the country will be able to do their house surgeonship at OMC, 20 will be able to intern with AMC and another 15 will be able to pursue their internship at GDC Hyderabad. With this move OMC will have 250 interns while GDC will have 65 and AMC will have 80 interns.A senior official at OMC said this new capacity building move will help the 1,400 patients that the hospital caters to every day. \"The hospital caters to 70,000-75,000 emergencies annually and around 150 surgeries are performed daily. Because of poor shortage of nurses doctors end up doing their work,\" he said welcoming the move.A senior professor from Niloufer Hospital, which is a wing of OMC, said that hospitals attached to private colleges lack patient strength to give students the kind of exposure that they get at a government hospital and neither have the faculty.\"The rush for internship at state-run medical colleges clearly indicates that the hospitals attached to private medical colleges don't have any clinical work going on. It is only on paper,\" he added. Officials said that interns who seek transfer of internship from one institution to another would have to submit applications for transfer at the office of the director of medical education.\"We have been receiving a lot of applications and the pressure is building up year after year. We had written to the government for sanction of additional seats and the proposal was accepted. Gandhi Medical College is overflowing with interns so there is no chance for enhancement there,\" said Dr Vishnu Prasad, director of medical education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17737137", "title": "Job racketeers on the run after grabbing Rs 11L", "text": "CHENNAI: Periamet police are looking for three men from Madhya Pradesh who cheated young men of 11 lakh after promising them jobs abroad.Police have launched a manhunt for the trio based on the footage from a closed circuit television camera at a lodge. Mohammad Raja, Anil Sharma and Abrar managed to convince 25 young men from Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Bihar that greener pastures awaited them abroad and they could earn 50,000 a month.They collected 20,000 from each man and said they would give them their visas in Chennai. The trio left for Chennai and told the young men to follow with their passports in a week.They were to meet the trio in a lodge in Periamet, where they would pay the rest of the cash and get their visas. Most of the young men from Bihar and Uttar Pradesh were the sole breadwinners of their families. They booked tickets to Chennai and reached on Saturday, said a police officer.On Saturday, the trio met them and took the remaining cash. Each young man paid between 25,000 and 40,000.The three men left the lodge saying they would return with the papers. The young men grew suspicious when the three did not come back and could not be reached on the phone.They lodged a complaint with Periamet police. Police collected the CCTV footage and are looking for the trio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17738306", "title": "Poor gathering of forensic evidence lets offenders walk free", "text": "CHENNAI: She was just 20 when she accompanied her employer to Mamallapuram, where he allegedly drugged and raped her. It's been two years since the incident, but Nisha (name changed) hasn't got justice, as forensic reports did not back up her claim and the man walked free.Public prosecutors say that the forensic evidence often fails them in court as examining doctors and police do not record medical and material evidence properly. One of the reasons why Nisha's case did not withstand court scrutiny was because forensics failed her. The complaint was lodged a week later, there weren't many injury marks left on her body. Worse, the doctor who examined her said since her vagina allowed two fingers it was unlikely that it was her first experience of sexual intercourse. Poor investigation and bad appreciation of evidence gathered resulted in the acquittal of her rapist-employer.Survivors often fail to get justice because the examining doctor was unaware of the procedure or did not record the injuries properly. Women's rights activists say this is one of the main reasons why just 26% of the rape cases end in conviction though charge sheets are filed in 93% of the cases in India.The situation in TN is not very different as the state has just 23 forensic doctors. A number of government medical colleges and most district headquarters hospitals do not have forensic experts. A woman who complains of rape is often taken to a gynaecologist for a medical test. In the absence of proper training to deal with rape, most government doctors look for external injuries or do a 'finger test'.\"It is a physical examination to check if the hymen is torn. It may not work for sexually active women, those who are athletic or for women who use tampons,\" said Dr Jayashree Gajaraj, former president, Federation of Obstetrics and Gynaecology Society of India. Traces of semen can be used as evidence, but the woman has to be taken for a medical test within 24 hours. A semen sample collected after 48 hours is likely to be just a fragment and may not be useful for a DNA test to establish the identity of the rapist. Often, women are brought to forensic experts only after a week. \"In 78 hours, the injuries to the vaginal walls may start healing. After a week, there is no evidence,\" said forensic expert Dr V Dikal.Forensic experts say the lack of awareness among doctors hits the conviction rate. Senior forensic professor Dr R Selvakumar said patient histories and observations are recorded on small out-patient sheets. The state government has distributed forms that doctors should use for medical tests in the case of rape but most doctors are unaware of this. \"The form acts like a guide for a doctor to look for specific clues. It is important for doctors to look for details like human hair or nail,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17742571", "title": "PM's statement does not inspire confidence: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP said Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's statement promising appropriate steps to prevent heinous crimes against women does not inspire confidence and suggested that the government should call a special Parliament session and an all-party meeting.\"The Prime Minister's statement does not inspire any confidence in the people. It has come too late and is too little. People want tougher laws and time-bound action. The government has failed to gauge the mood of the people,\" BJP spokesperson Prakash Javadekar said.The main opposition reiterated its demand for a special session of Parliament to pass stringent laws to punish those who commit crimes against women.\"Leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj has suggested a way forward to the government by saying the Prime Minister should call an all-party meeting and hold a special session. The session can be of just five days,\" Javadekar told reporters here.He wondered why the positive and constructive suggestions from the opposition were not being heeded to by Singh.BJP had earlier condemned the police action against the youths who protested at Rajpath and India Gate. Swaraj had then talked to the Prime Minister and discussed the issue with home minister Sushilkumar Shinde .BJP parliamentary party chief L K Advani had also talked to Shinde and said senior police officials should talk to the protesters instead of indulging in lathi-charge and using tear gas.\"The home minister saying we cannot talk to the protesters is ridiculous. They are university students and not Maoists. He should be tough against criminals and not students. Had the government talked to the protesters the tensions would have been reduced,\" Javadekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17738071", "title": "Techies say they prefer bus over cabs", "text": "PUNE: The recent attack on a 20-year-old girl outside a prestigious college in the city has brought the focus back on the safety of women in Pune. Working women expressed concern but said that with a few safety measures they can spend more time out of their houses without any worries.Aditi Shahane, an IT professional, said, \"I used to commute by office cab in my first job and safety was not much discussed even at my home. But when I switched the job and had to ride my two-wheeler for 8 to 10 km every day, my parents became cautious. Sometimes, I too used to get worried when I left my office in the the Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park in Hinjewadi after 8 pm. But after two years of riding a bike daily, I am not scared any more. As a precaution, I inform a couple of my friends about the place I am heading for before leaving the office. This has helped me gain confidence of my parents and a couple of my friends have also started working late without any hesitation.\" I am aware that the city's population has grown and there could be incidents of attack on women but I am not scared. I just take some care, she added.A professional who worked in the human resource department of an IT company had experienced eve-teasing once. \"A couple of workers from my company were sacked for inefficiency at work, but they thought that I was responsible. One day, when I left office a little late, I was followed by two men riding a bike. They first flashed the headlight, then honked very loudly and later drove their bike very close to me. I could not see their faces because of the helmets but I could guess who they were. I was nervous for the next one week but later I decided to ignore them if they repeated the behaviour. They behaved like this a couple of times, but I rode my bike at a high speed and evaded them. I continued to ignore them and I guess it worked for me.\"Samidha Kumar, who works for an IT-enabled service providing company, said, \"I prefer commuting by the office bus than the cab because there are more people there and that makes you feel safe. In cab I noticed the driver would keep looking at me from the mirror. This made me uncomfortable. Secondly, if you are in a bus, nobody can see you if you are not sitting near a window. You grab the attention, at times unnecessary, of people easily if you are travelling in a car.\" She also maintained that sometimes, working professionals get calls from office and had to respond to it immediately after returning home. Many a times, cab drivers drive at high speed and make the female commuters nervous. They will not utter a word, but still make you feel uncomfortable, she added.A senior official with an IT company said, \"When compared to the cab service, IT professionals hardly need to speak with the bus drivers. Hence we prefer bus service over cab.\"The IT companies have also undertaken various initiatives to sensitize their employees about the possible harassment either on the company premises or while travelling. These initiatives are not meant to scare the women but to help them build the confidence when faced with an adverse situation, said an officer with an IT company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17737004", "title": "Chain snatcher arrested; Rs 5L worth property recovered", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chaderghat police arrested a notorious chain snatcher, who committed nine offences in the past two months, and recovered Rs five lakh worth property from his possession.Acting on a specific alert, Chaderghat police intercepted notorious chain snatcher Mohammed Aqeeluddin alias Khaleefa, 21, of Uddam Gadda in Rajendranagar near Nalgonda X Roads and arrested him on Saturday evening.Aqeeluddin was earlier involved in 38 snatching offences in the city and he was arrested by SR Nagar police in the first week of October 2012. On October 31, he came out on bail and committed nine snatching offences in Chaderghat, Golconda, LB Nagar, Saroornagar and Saidabad police station limits.Police recovered 4.5 tolas of gold, a Maruti Swift car and three cell phones from his possession and remanded him in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17737607", "title": "Flight to space tourism gets a step closer", "text": "NEW YORK: A spaceplane built by Richard Branson's spaceflight company has successfully completed a flight test that would eventually enable it to carry people to space.After a high-altitude release from the WhiteKnightTwo mothership, SpaceShipTwo was piloted to a smooth runway touchdown, scoring a successful test drop and checking off a number of milestones at the Mojave Air and Space Port in California.\"Today was a big step closer to first powered flight,\" said George Whitesides, CEO and president of Virgin Galactic .SpaceShipTwo is a hybrid motor-powered vehicle designed to fly six passengers and two pilots to the edge of space, without making a full orbit of Earth. The price per seat is $200,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17737005", "title": "HC steps in, woman to get husband\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s kidney", "text": "CHENNAI: Cutting short red tape and coming to the rescue of a kidney transplant patient from Uttar Pradesh, the Madras high court has directed a Coimbatore hospital to take steps to transplant a kidney donated by her husband, within a week.Justice D Hariparanthaman, setting aside the objections raised by the Tamil Nadu Directorate of Medical Education that insisted on a fresh clearance from the Tamil Nadu Authorisation Committee and the Hospital Authorisation Committee, said the authorities' insistence was contrary to the Transplantation of Human Organs Rules, 1995, amended in 2010.Rekha Agrawal of Firozabad in Uttar Pradesh suffered kidney failure and a nephrologist at the Kovai Medical Centre and Hospital advised renal transplantation in September 2012. Rekha identified her husband Ravi Prakash Agrawal as the donor and went through the process of obtaining a no-objection certificate from Uttar Pradesh on October 6. It was submitted to the hospital authorities on October 10.On October 19, the hospital raised an objection and said an approval from the Tamil Nadu Authorisation Committee was mandatory even in case of kidney transplantation between near-relatives.It said the hospital would send Rekha's application once again to the state-level committee in Tamil Nadu for approval. Running out of time and affected by red-tapism, Rekha filed the present writ petition seeking permission to undergo renal transplantation at the hospital itself.Justice Hariparanthaman, citing the provisions of the Transplantation of Human Organs and Tissues Act, 1994, said though the Act was tough on non-near relatives, it was not so in case of near-relatives. The Act seeks to \"regulate the removal, storage and transplantation of human organs for therapeutic purposes and for prevention of commercial dealings in human organs,\" he said. A spouse is defined as near-relative, along with son, daughter, father, mother, brother, sister, grandfather, grandmother, grandson and granddaughter, he said. The hospital authorities ought to have accepted the certificate issued by three officials in Uttar Pradesh - the district magistrate of Firozabad, who is chairman of the committee, and two medical officers of that state, the judge said.Noting that the objection raised by the Tamil Nadu authorities and the hospital management were contrary to the scheme of the Act and Rules, he said: \"It is opposed to the decision of this court.\" Justice Hariparanthaman, permitting Rekha to undergo kidney transplantation, directed the hospital authorities to take steps for removal of an organ from the donor-husband and transplant it in the beneficiary within one week. If necessary, authorities can verify the NOC given by the UP authorities and peruse necessary documents furnished by the couple to them, he said. \"If the hospital want to verify other documents, Rekha is directed to furnish once again the particulars as prescribed under the rules, though they were produced before the State Authorisation Committee of UP before obtaining the no-objection certificate,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17737869", "title": "Career watch: Hot couture", "text": "Growing consumer prosperity and awareness have fuelled the success of the fashion industry in India, leading to more job opportunities. Aaditi Isaac reportsThe fashion industry in India has undergone a facelift. Growing consumer awareness and prosperity, availability of international brands, growth of the organised retail sector, are some of the key factors that have contributed to the growth of the industry. A CII report states that the Indian textile and apparel industry is the second largest manufacturer in the world with an estimated export value of US$34 billion and domestic consumption of US$57 billion. The total Indian consumption of textiles and apparel is estimated at US$57 billion and is expected to reach US$100 billion by 2016 growing at a compounded annual rate ( CAGR ) of 12%. India is among the few countries that has a presence across the entire supply chain, from natural and synthetic fibres to finished goods. It has a presence in organised mill sector as well as decentralised sectors like handloom, powerloom, silk , and so on.Fashion forwardFashion is no longer restricted to a reason or season. \"Fashion plays an important role in image building. A new breed of designers are emerging in India who are focusing on developing handlooms, eco-friendly and organic wear, which are environment friendly . The environment is a cause for concern and designers are opting for eco-friendly wear, which are making fashion statements,\" says Pradyumna Vyas, director, National Institute of Design ( NID), Ahmedabad. The designers are inspired by the Indian tradition and are using it creatively to go global.For a fashion designer, training and exposure are equally important. \"Generally, good institutes provide a hands-on experience to students. They insist that students do an internship. In terms of exposure, both local and foreign exposure, is given to students. We took our students to Hong Kong, where they set up stalls and showcased their talent. Their work was appreciated and they also widened their networking. On completing the course, it may take six months to a year for a student to set up his/her own label but it will also depend on individual drive to achieve what they want. The industry supports talent,\" says Raju Bhatia, head of department, fashion technology, BD Somani Institute of Art and Fashion Technology, Mumbai. Fashion is a labour-centric industry and there are several job opportunities for students. \"Stylist is one area that is emerging. Be it a TV serial or an image makeover, there is a demand for stylists. Besides men's wear, women's wear and kids wear, lingerie has a big market. Also, people who exercise want to wear comfortable clothes and so there's a niche market for gym wear, swim wear and yoga wear,\" adds Bhatia. According to Nealesh Dalal, managing trustee, JD Educational Trust, Bangalore, students need to work with designers for a hands-on experience. \"Students can get into freelance designing, fashion forecasting, visual merchandising, fashion photography, textile designing, among others,\" he says. A newcomer can expect around Rs 12,000 as a starting salary, depending on the place/company/ expertise, he adds. There are a wide range of specialised courses on offer. Some of the popular courses that students can select from are fashion design, marketing, retail management, apparel manufacturing, garment technology, trend forecasting, among others.\"Fashion illustration and design, textiles, surface development techniques, pattern making and construction forms the core along with fashion studies and history of design and other modules for study,\" says Sibichan K Mathew, professor, department of fashion management studies (FMS), National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT), Delhi, while elaborating on emerging areas of study.Budding designersFashion trends are short-lived and change every other day. One needs to have passion and perseverance to grow, says Bhatia. Designers in India have the added edge of a strong tradition of arts and crafts, which is inspirational.\"If a designer wants to make a name globally, s/he should be original and keep updating his/her skills and also experiment. They must use the Indian culture, modify it and go global,\" advises Vyas.Creativity, coupled with an understanding of consumer needs, is an essential requirement to succeed in today's business environment. Aspirants are expected to have an appreciation of the elements of design and the ability to illustrate. In fact, many schools have started assessing competence and suggesting appropriate career options. Anything Indian is a fashion statement; hence, there is plenty to choose from.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17737002", "title": "Vision 2020 in Hyderabad during December 27-31", "text": "HYDERABAD: A group of local, national and global organisations are coming together to host India's education conclave in the city between December 27 and 31, to discuss Vision 2020 which aims at empowering the Muslim community socially and economically.Vision 2020, according to Hyderabad-based Mesco president Fakhruddin Mohammed, is a plan prepared by Muslim groups in India with the assistance of other similar organisations in the West sometime back with a view to \"motivate and inspire the community as well as provide it with necessary facilities to improve literacy levels and achieve excellence in the field of education.\"He told media persons on Saturday that while the national literacy rate hovers around 70 per cent it is less than 50 per cent among Muslims. The literacy rate among Muslim girls and women is little over 30 per cent. \"The backwardness in education has led to the community's backwardness in other areas. As several commission reports pointed out that the community is highly backward socially and economically. We believe that unless the barriers in getting education are broken we see no overall tangible progress for the community,\" he explained.The conclave which coincides with 30 years of service by Mesco is being held in association with the National Commission for Minority Education, American Federation of Muslims of India, International Institute of Islamic Medicine of North America , India Muslim Relief and Charities and Seeds-both from the US, Confederation of Muslim Educational Institutions of India, New Delhi, Azam Campus, Pune, and Muslim Education Society from Kerala.Speaking on the occasion Tajuddin Ahmed, president AFMI, said that the conclave will discuss means to set up 1000 model schools in the country to supplement the government of India's plan to establish 6,000 educational institutions in Muslim concentrated areas.Fakhruddin said since the literacy among Muslim females is very low a special session will be held during the five-day conclave to find out ways of improving levels of education among them.Vision 2020 has identified states such as Assam , West Bengal , and Bihar where the Muslim population is sizable but they lack behind other communities in various social parameters. Muslims in Gujarat, Rajasthan and Haryana are also particularly backward.A host of experts from within the country and abroad will be taking part in the conclave which will be concluded on December 31, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17738245", "title": "Metro to run till midnight today, tomorrow", "text": "BANGALORE: Christmas and New Year revellers and cricket fans staying in East Bangalore and neighbouring areas can depend on Namma Metro services to drop them home late in night on Monday as well as on Tuesday.The Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC) has decided to extend its services from 10pm till midnight on Monday and Tuesday for Christmas and the Indo-Pakistan T20 match.On new year's eve tooThere's more good news: BMRC has also planned to extend Metro train services on December 31 till 2am for those celebrating New Year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17736497", "title": "Chilly winds sweep in winter feel", "text": "AHMEDABAD: People in the city have been experiencing chilly winds in the mornings and evenings that give a feeling of a cold wave blowing. Weather officials, however, said that the minimum temperature in the city is actually above normal. Naliya was the coldest place with minimum temperature of 7.3 degrees.A weather official said that the night temperature recorded in city on Sunday was 14.8 degrees Celsius, which is two degrees above normal. In most parts of the state too, the temperature is normal or above normal. The official explained that the chilly winds were caused by the westerly winds blowing in the state under the influence of a depression which lies deep down in Arabian Sea.\"It is extremely windy especially during morning and evenings since the past two days. I am almost freezing when I reach my home in Gandhinagar after finishing office in Ahmedabad at night. I have also got my sinuses blocked due to this chilly windy weather\", said Rajiv Patel, who commutes between Gandhinagar and Ahmedabad.Doctors said that while the temperature are normal and above normal, people especially those suffering from sinusitis should be wary and keep their noses and ears covered while travelling on two wheelers.Weather officials said that the temperature is likely to dip by two-odd degrees after two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17742607", "title": "Anjali looking forward to 2013", "text": "Actress Anjali is certainly on a roll and the prettly actress who is busy with her projects is looking forward to a great beginning next year. Anjali recently shot for a song sequence in Hari's Singam 2, which has Suriya playing the lead.Anjali has three of her flicks are lined up for release. Vishal's Madha Gaja Raja and her Telugu flick ' Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu ' are set to release in January while her other film Settai is set to hit the screens in February.The ' Angadi Theru ' actor has put in a lot of hard work and is awaiting the verdict of the audience. The actress is currently shooting in Hyderabad with the likes of Samantha and Shruti Hassan and is looking forward to the new year as it looks promising for her career.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17737348", "title": "Govt not to increase land reserve price", "text": "JAIPUR: Residents planning to purchase a plot in the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) housing schemes can heave a sigh of relief as the state government is not planning to increase the reserve prices. In another populist measure before the assembly elections, the urban development and housing minister Shanti Dhariwal did not give approval to the JDA's proposal of increasing the reserve prices. According to senior officials, a circular has also been issued to consider the current existing reserve prices.\"The approval to increase the reserve prices has not been given. The work will be on existing reserve price,\" said an official. Sources claimed that the proposal will be tabled in next authority meeting of JDA, which will be chaired by the minister.Recently, the JDA had prepared a proposal to increase the reserve prices. As per the proposal, the land rates in the JDA housing schemes were expected to increase by 15-30%.Last time the reserve price was increased in 2009. According to developers, if the reserve prices were increased, not only land prices in JDA schemes would have become costlier, but even the allottees would have to pay higher development charges, resumption charges and regularization charges after the increase.Many developers believe the decision not to increase the reserve prices is a good move by the state government as land prices in the state are already sky rocketing. \"The land rates in the city have tremendously increased after the state government made land auctions on high prices. If rates had been increased this time, then it would be extremely difficult for the common man to purchase a house,\" said Naresh Jain a realtor.Also, for the last three years the chief minister in his budget speech has been announcing to increase the district lease committee (DLC) rates. Last year Rajasthan Housing Board (RHB) had increased the reserve price of residential, commercial and institutional land across the state. The RHB increased the reserve price by 40-50%. In some areas, the price was increased by 100%.Experts say that the announcement to increase reserve price would have also affected the land rates not falling under JDA. During the budget speech, chief minister Ashok Gehlot had announced that the district lease committee rates and the reserve price should be equal. \"If the reserve price is increased, it is expected that the DLC rate will also increase,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17738726", "title": "Primary teachers end 4-day fast", "text": "RANCHI: Primary teachers in the state who were on a fast unto death since December 19 broke their fast on Saturday. This was done following an agreement with the government on their three point charter of demands.As many as 11 primary teachers were on a fast since December 19 to protest against the kidnapping and murder of two primary teachers of Gumla. On Saturday, 40 more teachers joined the protest.The president of All Jharkhand Primary Teachers Association, Arvind Kumar said, \"The two teachers were kidnapped by suspected Maoists as they used to get funds from the state government for construction work in school. We, therefore, demand freeing teachers from non-teaching work for the safety and security of our own lives.\"Other demands included promotion of 18,000 teachers which has been pending for the past 18 years and increasing the retirement age from 60 to 65 years as there is a shortage of teachers in primary schools.District education officer Mahip Singh and OSD Pradeep Chaubey met the teachers on fast as representatives of government and signed the agreement on their demand letter. Singh said, \"We have started the process of releasing teachers from non-educational work and they will be released within a week.\"He added that promotion will be given to teachers at state level and a letter will be sent to Union government for increasing the retirement age from 60 to 65 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17737234", "title": "Protests in Jaisalmer, Barmer", "text": "JAISALMER: Residents of Jaisalmer and Barmer took out a candlelight march on Sunday to protest against the gangrape at Delhi and seeking death sentence to the rapists.Youth from Barmer under the banner of Group for People, demonstrated against the rape incident. They took out march from Gandhi Chowk to Ahimsa Chowraha and shouted slogans. They handed over a memorandum to the district collector, which was addressed to the President.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17738346", "title": "We need therapy, we are a violent society", "text": "We are a degenerate society, in simple terms. We have lost our sense of ethics, morality and values over the years. Respect for women has been replaced by a strong anti-women attitude. Not just people in general but the law-enforcing authorities too are equally insensitive to violence against women.In the entire country there is no way a harassed woman can go to a police station and seek help. Bangalore is not an exception. No exaggeration , but even the women's help cell with the police commissioner's office has a serious attitude problem with regard to women in trouble . Once I witnessed a woman who had come to seek help feel so humiliated that she threw a chappal at a clerk in the cell.We are a violent society and have lost all moral dignity. We need therapy. We have become proud to be intolerant and have come to accept misplaced arguments about terms like freedom , equality etc. The law-enforcing agencies don't take violence against women seriously and are very fond of the word 'adjust' . She should be prepared for branding, public humiliation and total segregation . It is as if she has committed the crime. Crimes against women have increased in the past decade and it is a result of easy availability of porn. Public shame is not an issue these days. The culprit continues to lead an easy life. Support a victim in her fight for justice .Provide death penalty to rapists. Let Gulabi Gang be recognized . Bangalore needs it badly. Even members of the judiciary making crude and unjust remarks about rape should be reprimanded. Women have the right to safety. Anyone violating that must be punished without delay or deliberation.(The writer is an eminent Kannada poet)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17738243", "title": "Law is for those wanting to work", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court has held that the Industrial Disputes Act, 1947, is meant only to protect those who intend to work. The court was allowing a writ appeal filed by Bangalore-based software company Perot Systems (TSI) which challenged a singlejudge bench's order to reinstate software engineer BR Sanjay and pay 25% back wages.\"If an employee refuses to work, the management cannot do anything. As in this case, he was a software engineer who gained experience in the establishment , he was also sent to Hong Kong on deputation to work on a project to gain better experience. On careful perusal of the materials on record, it is clear that he is more interested in litigation than in work. There is no intention to work, the intention is to claim salary and damages. Under the circumstances, the single-judge bench was not right,\" a division bench headed by Justice N Kumar observed . It set aside the February 7, 2011, single-bench order.\"We are sorry to note that the Industrial Disputes Act is not meant to protect people of this type. He was an associate software engineer, drawing a salary of Rs 38,000 per month. His service hasn't been confirmed and he was on probation . It is a clear case of abuse of law as well as judicial procedure ,\" the bench further observed . It also dismissed the application filed by the software engineer under section 10(4)( A) of the Industrial Disputes act before the labour court, Bangalore.Sanjay claimed to have joined the company on February 8, 1999, and put on probation for a year. His complaint was that he was suddenly removed in September 2001. He claimed full salary for October, November and December 2001, and also Rs 10 lakh as compensation for mental harassment . Sanjay claimed he was denied entry at the company gate in September 2001. During cross-examination in the labour court, he admitted he hadn't mentioned this fact either to his immediate superior or the HR department head. He also admitted that till June 28, 2006, he did not file any representation alleging refusal of employment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740346", "title": "Kadal to hit the screens on Feb 1!", "text": "Mani Ratnam's much awaited movie Kadal will be hitting the screens on February 1! Thulasi, younger daughter of yesteryear actress Radha, is making her debut with this film, which is teenage love story set in the backdrop of a fishing village. Thulasi is paired opposite Gautham Karthik, son of yesteryear actor Karthik.The audio of the movie is already creating waves all over and has created a lot of buzz among the audience. The first looks of the actors are being revealed one by one and it has helped in keeping the curiosity alive.The film revolves around the life of a Christian fisherman and on how faith can sometimes lead to the triumph of humanity. It is an AR Rahman musical. The film will be dubbed and released simultaneously in Telugu as ' Kadali '.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17741270", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Full text of PM's address", "text": "NEW DELHI: Issuing a fresh appeal for peace, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday said government will look into delay in response in the gang rape case as also all aspects concerning the security of women while asking people to desist from violence.Following is the text of the statement made by him on the issue:\"My fellow citizens, \"There is genuine and justified anger and anguish at the ghastly crime of gang-rape committed last Sunday in Delhi. As a father of three daughters myself, I feel as strongly about this as each one of you.\"My wife, my family and I are all joined in our concern for the young woman who was the victim of this heinous crime. We are constantly monitoring her medical condition. Let us all pray for her and her loved ones during this critical time.\"I also feel deeply sad at the turn of events leading to clashes between protesters and police forces. Anger at this crime is justified but violence will serve no purpose. I appeal to all concerned citizens to maintain peace and calm. I assure you that we will make all possible efforts to ensure security and safety of women in this country. The home minister has already spoken about the steps being taken.\"We will examine without delay not only the responses to this terrible crime but also all aspects concerning the safety of women and children and punishment to those who commit these monstrous crimes. Our Government will keep you informed of the steps we are taking and the processes we are following.\"I appeal to all sections of society to maintain peace and help us in our efforts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17738636", "title": "Opium smuggler gets 10 years in jail", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Principal district and sessions judge B B Mangalmurty on Saturday sentenced opium smuggler Jagdish Prasad to 10 years of rigorous imprisonment and slapped a fine of Rs 1 lakh on him. Prasad, who was running a roadside hotel at Demotand under the Mufassil police station, was found guilty of encouraging opium smuggling and selling them at higher prices to international gangs.Smuggling of opium is a serious offence and deserved heavier punishment, said the judge.Prasad was arrested at his hotel for the illegal sale of opium and its by-products largely to smugglers who would halt at his hotel in Demotand on NH-33. Police had seized huge quantity of doda and doda powder used for manufacturing opium worth several crores while conducting raids in 2010.Prasad used to bring huge quantity of raw opium from Chatra and other parts of the district and convert it into powder.This powder was then sold to smugglers who were in regular contact with him. The smugglers would get information about the availability of these banned products from the truck drivers who would put up at his hotel either on their way to Ranchi or Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17737519", "title": "It's a Super Sunday for gutsy Kashyap", "text": "LUCKNOW: India's Parupalli Kashyap kept his date with the men's title in the Syed Modi India Grand Prix Gold badminton but PV Sindhu cracked under pressure to hand over the women's crown to Lindaweni FanetrI at the BBD Academy.Playing his maiden GP final, 24-year-old Kashyap overcame a stiff resistance from Tanongsak Saensomboonsuk of Thailand to triumph 21-19, 14-21, 21-17. After coming up trumps in the grueling 72-minute contest, Kashyap raced to hug his coach P Gopichand. He later said that the credit for the 'Super Sunday' goes to his coach.Earlier, Sindhu committed too many unforced errors against a rival who controlled the match well. Coming up with a tight defence, Fanetri made Sindhu do most of the running winning 21-15, 18-21, 21-18. The pressure of playing her maiden Grand Prix Gold final told on the 18-year-old Indian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740074", "title": "Christmas treats to woo you", "text": "The city's party orbit gets hotter with The HHI's array of options for you to make merry this Christmas. Food, spirits, exotic dancers and live music \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it doesn't get any better than this!MythhMythh, the 24-hour coffee shop at The HHI recreates the magic of an English Christmas. Aptly titled An English Affair, this enchanting spread includes traditional Christmas buffet with Roast Turkey, Baby Lobster Biryani, Roast Pork Ribs and vegetarian delights. Add to this, live beats by international performers and magic show by Prince Sil. Enjoy the spread on December 24 and 25.VirgoseSanta won't mind if you are a little naughty this Christmas. Virgose, the lounge bar, gives you good reason to be so with Exotica on December 24, 8 pm onwards. While sensuous European performers gyrate to send the mercury soaring, live international singers will leave you spellbound with their tunes. To keep you overloaded with music, the celebrity DJ will then take over and floor you with electrifying mixes. Add to that, choicest of spirits, tantalizing platters and exciting prizes. So what are you waiting for?KalashIt's regality revisited at Kalash, the Indian speciality restaurant. Feel like a Mughal with Salam-e-Awadh, an extravagant food fiesta featuring the select platters from Awadh. The gastronomic treasure trove is on from December 24 to 30. Dishes like Gosht Barra Chap, Murgh Badami T i k k a , Rampuri Sahi Gosht Nizami , Dahi Shikampuri, Dum Ki Subji, Nargasi Malai Subj Kofta and other delicacies will be laid out for you to relish. Enjoy the spread with a smattering of ghazals, sung live by Ujjal.UndergroundHead to Underground to round off your evening. Beat the winter chill by raising the temperature up a few notches. Celebrate a Neon Xmas on December 24, 3 pm onwards. DJs Varun , Vikrant , Felix and Chris are all geared up with their arsenal of chartbuster mixes. Celebration-special platters of kebab and other finger-food would make you drool for more as will the flambe cocktails that promise to quench your thirst. Exciting gifts, enigmatic ambience and the magic of the season is bound to knock you off your feet as Santa comes knocking!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741840", "title": "Bieber, Gomez spotted kissing", "text": "Singer-actress Selena Gomez , who split with Justin Bieber last month only to get back together later, were spotted kissing at an airport.Gomez split from Bieber in November and it was reportedly said that the break-up involved another woman.Bieber and Gomez looked very loving as they snuggled in a chair, with the latter sitting on the former's lap. The pop star had his hand on the singer's waist, and she wore a smile as he leant in for a smooch at the Salt Lake City airport, reports dailymail.co.uk.\"They were very affectionate with each other. They were kissing on and off and they just sat together and talked and looked totally in love,\" an eyewitness told radaronline.com.Both were then wrapped up for their Utah getaway, with Bieber in a blue padded coat and Gomez in a khaki number. Both sported black jeans and knitted hats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17738118", "title": "Punjab speaker considering action against Congress for showing assembly video", "text": "JALANDHAR: Punjab assembly speaker Charanjit Singh Atwal is considering if action could be taken against Congress leaders who organized public playing of a CD of assembly proceedings in which revenue minister Bikram Singh Majithia was seen hurling filthy abuses on the floor of the House.Atwal, who was here on Sunday to attend a function, said he has asked his staff to collect the CD played in the public by the Congress and also other related material. \"I am also consulting rules to see if an offence is made out against Congress leaders as at the face of it, screening of a video showing the expunged portions of House proceedings appears disobeying of the speaker's orders,\" Atwal said while answering a query from TOI.He had also issued an order asking media, including print, electronic and websites, not to telecast or print the expunged or prohibited portions of the proceedings. However, on Saturday Congress screened the CD in Chandigarh and also announced to hold similar screenings across the state.Atwal maintained that he had not heard the abuses and did not exactly know which expletives were used even as the video of the recording has gone viral on social media. \"Today I have asked for the CD,\" he said. He held that the situation would not have arisen had the Congress MLAs come to his chamber immediately after the incidence.When told that Congress had been accusing him of not being fair as he took action against an opposition MLA for hurling abuse but did not take any action against Majithia even as he was clearly heard hurling abuses, Atwal said he was hearing such allegations for the first time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17736657", "title": "Toddler among 3 killed in mishap", "text": "NAGPUR: Three persons, including a two-and-a-half years old toddler, were killed in different mishaps in city in the last 24 hours.Toddler Ujjwal Sathwane, who was squatting on the road, was dashed by a rashly driven car near Pushpa Industries in MIDC area on Saturday evening. Accused Anju Singhal, owner of a local industry, was behind the wheels when the incident took place. She was on way home from work when the accident took place. Ujjwal was rushed to a private hospital but was declared brought dead. Ujjwal had sustained head injuries. Police said Ujjwal's father works in an industry. The woman driver was arrested by MIDC police.In the second incident, a 23-year-old girl died after sustaining serious injuries after suffering a fall near the turning in front of Ishwar Deshmukh College for Physical Education on Sunday afternoon. Deceased Sonali Gawande was riding pillion while cousin Abhinav Gajbhiye was driving the bike which was dashed by a rashly driven tipper. Driver of the killer vehicle, identified as Shrikant Dodke, was booked by Sakkardara police.In another incident, trailer driver Pinkukumar Sinha was killed after he lost control over his vehicle before hitting a light post near Chhinchbhuvan. Sonegaon police have registered an offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17737097", "title": "Will 12th Plan ensure inclusive growth in AP?", "text": "The National Development Council is scheduled to discuss the draft 12th Plan document at its meeting in New Delhi on December 27. Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy is likely to skip the NDC meeting due to his preoccupation with World Telugu Conference at Tirupati on that day. In that event, AP will be represented by finance minister Anam Ramnarayan Reddy at the NDC meeting. AP has drawn up an ambitious 12th Plan with a tentative outlay of Rs 3,42,842 crore for the five-year period (2012-17), the highest among all the states in the country. Out of this massive outlay, about Rs 2,00,000 crore are expected to come from the Union government for 15 flagship programmes.The state is confident of achieving a growth rate of 10 per cent during the 12th Plan period. The sectoral growth targets include 6 per cent for agriculture, 10.5 per cent for industry and 11.5 per cent for services. The state is implementing various schemes for welfare of scheduled castes, scheduled tribes, backward classes and minorities, particularly the poorest of the poor. The state government has projected an outlay of Rs 39,107 crore for the welfare sector during the five-year period. In the first year of the 12th Plan, i.e, 2012-13, the state has earmarked Rs 5,158 crore. In the next four years, the state will need to allocate Rs 8,500 crore per annum for this sector.For ensuring inclusive growth, the state focuses on the development of SCs, STs, BCs, minorities and women during the 12th plan period. Development of minorities would be one of the major concerns of the government for ensuring social justice. In the 11th Plan period, the government had incurred plan expenditure of Rs 1,000 crore on the minorities. In the first year of the 12th Plan, 2012-13, the plan allocation for minorities has been raised to Rs 482 crore. The allocations in the current year for other weaker sections include Rs 1,703 crore for SCs, Rs 1,023 crore for STs and Rs 2,656 crore for BCs. For the next financial year 2013-14, the Minorities Welfare Department has reportedly sought an allocation of Rs 1,400 crore under the annual plan.The tentative sectoral allocations for social services sector during 12th Plan comes to a whopping Rs 1,33,247 crore, including Rs 24,084 crore for education, Rs 11,795 crore for medical and public health, Rs 6,505 crore for water supply and sanitation, 11,755 crore for housing and Rs 40,000 crore for urban development. Agriculture, irrigation and rural development sectors will get Rs 1,25,936 crore and energy, industry and transport sectors will account for an outlay of Rs 72,415 crore. For general services and general economic services, the outlay is pegged at Rs 11,241 crore.The state has recently enacted the Scheduled Castes and Tribal Sub-Plan (planning, allocation and utilisation of financial resources) Bill for earmarking SC/ST Sub-Plan fund from plan outlays, constitution of a state council for the development of SCs/STs, promotion of equity in development among SCs/STs, planning and appraisal process, state and district level institutional mechanisms for effective implementation, monitoring and evaluation and provision of social audit of sub-plans every year. The annual plan allocations will be earmarked for SC Sub-Plan and Tribal Sub-Plan in proportion to the percentage of SCs/STs to the total population of the state.In the wake of the passage of this legislation, there is a clamour from backward classes as well as minorities for announcing similar sub-plans and earmarking the allocations for BCs and minorities in proportion to their population in the state plan outlays. Though AP Congress Committee has lent its support to the demand for sub-plans for BCs and minorities, the state government is reluctant to commit itself to this idea. When the issue was raised in the assembly and council during the discussion on SC/ST Sub-Plan Bill, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy merely said that the government would consider the plea. There was no clear-cut commitment forthcoming from him.One strong reason for this lukewarm response seems to be the reluctance of the Planning Commission of India to give clearance for OBC and Minority Sub-Plans. Another factor hindering such an inclusion of minority and OBC sub-plans in the planning process is the large proportion of OBCs and Minorities across the country. Minorities constitute 18.5 per cent and OBCs account for 44.5 per cent of the country's population. In Andhra Pradesh, BCs constitute almost 45 per cent of the population and minorities account for another 11 per cent. Perhaps, if BC and Minority Sub-Plans are also incorporated in the planning process on the lines of SC/ST Sub-Plans, almost 80 per cent of the Plan outlay would need to be earmarked for these four sub-plans, leaving 20 per cent for the other sectors.(The writer is a member of legislative council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17738048", "title": "Four tourists from Punjab attacked in Manali", "text": "MANALI: With hundreds of tourists being threatened, beaten and outraged every year, domestic and foreign tourists are not feeling safe in Manali. According to sources, very few victims lodge a police complaint to avoid the long legal procedure hundreds of kilometers away from their homes.In a recent case, four youths from Ropar, Punjab, were attacked with a sword by a car driver on Saturday evening. The injured have been admitted to Lady Willingdon hospital.According to a statement by Naresh Kumar, one of the victims, he and his his friends \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Sone Surinder Singh, Hem Raj, Devender Singh and Desh Raj \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were staying in a hotel in Manali. \"We came out of the hotel for dinner when a car with registration number HP02K-0636 almost hit us. When we asked driver to drive safely, he came out with a sword and attacked on us,\" he said.Sources said there is nothing in the name of tourist safety in tourists' spots of Manali. Even adventurous games like paragliding, horse riding, skiing and snow scooter riding are organized without any appropriate safety measures. Many tourists sustain injuries but none complains against the service providers for fear of being assaulted.A tourist from Ludhiana, Manjeet Singh, said, \"Tourists are not safe here. Manali is a tourist place and security should be provided to all the tourists.\"Another tourist from Delhi, Jaheer Ali Ansari, added, \"We have been to Solang, Naggar and many tourist spots of Kullu-Manali but have not see any policemen around. Many people providing their services in Solang valley have no sense of talking and seem ready to assault tourists all the time.\"Meanwhile, police have registered a case under Section 324 of IPC Act against the accused, who is now absconding. \"We are taking the matter very seriously. The accused will not be spared at any cost,\" Manali deputy superintendent of police Sanjeev Chauhan said.32 CCTV cameras installed in Kullu-ManaliKullu superintendent of police Ashok Kumar said that 32 CCTV cameras have been installed in various locations of Manali to keep a close watch over activities in public places. \"Some of our cameras can be operated by satellite. All cops have been instructed to perform their duties seriously. Those attacking tourists will not be spared,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chhapra", "code": "17736703", "title": "Saran villagers discard liquor, orchestra", "text": "CHHAPRA: Realizing the ill-effects of serving liquor and playing orchestra on auspicious occasions like marriages, some villages in Saran district have taken a vow to discard both in order to avoid any discord which often arises following demand of choice songs, which often results in firing and killings of innocent lives.After this decision some people cancelled their earlier bookings of orchestra. The villagers have also resolved for socially boycotting and imposing punitive fine on those who violate this decision. Dumri panchayat of Nagra block under Saran district has taken a lead in this matter.Prof Shakeel Ahmed Atta of Nagra informed TOI that Naimuddin Khan of village Manpur under Nagra PS had booked orchestra for his son's marriage scheduled to be held on December 17, 2012, but he got this cancelled.Prior to this, liquors were not served during marriage ceremonies of sons of Md Saagir (on November 29), Kalaam Khan (on November 30) and Rahmatullah Khan (on December 17) of the same village.\"On November 23, 2012, a huge meeting of villagers of Manpur, Tola Parwez, Govindpur and Banpura was held under the chairmanship of Israr Khan, husband of Anjum Begum, mukhiya of Dumri Panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17736475", "title": "Army opens doors for orphans", "text": "NAGPUR: Believe it or not, until a month ago, orphans had no place as soldiers in Indian Army. It has set aside the archaic rule only recently. The reason for ban was that their parents' name and caste was not known. Sources say while registering the parents' name is a formality, caste becomes a necessity as regiments are still constituted on ethnic basis such as Marathas or Sikhs as was being done during British times.A letter issued from the army headquarters a month ago says so far there was no policy for recruitment for orphans in the army. They were debarred from recruitment as there was an essential requirement of knowing father or mother's name, caste and birth date. However, orphans cannot fulfill these conditions.Now, a new policy has been formulated that says that in case of parents' details not being known, the name of the orphanage can be accepted. As far as the caste is concerned, the orphans will be included in the All India All Caste (AIAC) category, and an approximate date of birth given by the orphanage would be accepted.Army recruitment offices (ARO) spread throughout the country also identify the population on basis of caste. Like ARO in Nagpur caters for the Mahar and Maratha regiments. Districts in west Vidarbha are classified as Maratha areas and east as Mahar. However, candidates not fitting any of the specific castes are considered as AIAC and can fit into any of the regiments, said an officer. Even pure caste-based regiments have certain mixed units in which soldiers are taken irrespective of their ethnicity but the number is small, the source said.But lack of parents' names prevented the orphans from being taken into AIAC category too. The new rule will be implemented with immediate effected, said the source. Regiments raised after Independence, like the Brigade of Guards, come in AIAC category which was defined on an experimental basis to change the British system\"I am surprised any such rule ever existed at all. It must be a colonial condition, as the British were very touchy about aspects like family background, and nobody would have done a relook,\" said Major General (retd) G D Bakshi. \"Although there have been certain armies in the world that prefer recruiting orphans on the theory that with no family, they may even go beyond the call of duty risking their lives. That's certainly an exploitation,\" said Bakshi.Though the army is slowly moving away from caste-based regiments, some say the system has its utility. It creates a sense of bond and there is pressure to perform to uphold the name of community. There are battalions that have several soldiers from the same village and the fraternity helps in times of combat, he added.Tattoos are a new no-noTattoos, common among youngsters today, are a taboo in the Army. An order in May this year specially bars candidates having permanent tattoos on their bodies. The only relaxation is a tattoo on inner face of the forearm or back of the palm. Even on these parts, any 'objectionable figure' can also be a reason of rejection.What is permitted is a religious symbol or name of candidate or that of a kin. A substantial number of candidates have been rejected for having tattoos. In Nagpur, 76 out of 2,000 candidates were rejected on this ground during last recruitment rally. \"The bar is for both medical as well as discipline reasons. At times the same needle is used to tattoo several persons that creates a chance for HIV infection. Moreover, funky looks with bodies or entire the arm tattooed does not fit into army discipline,\" an officer explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17736412", "title": "Bihar important state in discussion for special category status", "text": "PATNA: For the rapid growth of the state, particularly per capita gross state domestic product (GSDP), Bihar needs huge investment, both public and private, in the field of energy, said Planning Commission member Abhijit Sen.Speaking at a debate on the occasion of a book launch on 'The Challenge of Inclusive Development in Rural Bihar', organized by the Institute of Human Development (IHD) here on Sunday, Sen referred to Bihar's demand for special category status and admitted that the inter-ministerial group rejected the demand owing to the criteria and not the poverty.Sen said the Plan panel had discussed this issue with the prime minister as a prelude to the meeting of the National Development Council (NDC) scheduled on December 27. He said following the bifurcation of Bihar and creation of Jharkhand , a commitment had been made in parliament for special package and the responsibility for which had been wrested with Planning Commission. This package was being given partly in different forms, he added.\"Bihar, obviously, will be the most important state while discussing special package. The state did not do well in the past but now it is catching up and raising demands. Bihar itself needs to be part of national priorities,\" Sen said.He said the devolution of resources is taking place largely through centrally sponsored schemes as well as additional central assistance and Bihar is getting slightly more than other states. He revealed that in the recent data of the Plan panel, to be released in the next three months, Bihar has emerged as the best state in reducing poverty. Till 2009, Bihar made little progress in poverty alleviation. However, the state is still pretty much at the lowest level on various indices, particularly the access and consumption of electricity, though it has performed better in literacy, health and other human development indices.Earlier, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi lamented that central allocation of funds was based on the population in 1971. So, the allocations are based on the population of only 5 crore whereas the current population is over 10 crore. He said the per capita income of Rs 15,268 is lowest in the country whereas the per capita income of Maharashtra is about Rs 65,000.Demanding a different category for the emerging states to reduce the imbalance, Modi said Bihar's is the fastest growing economy. Its GDP was merely 2.2% during the 8th plan which rose to 4% in 9th plan, 4.7% in 10th plan and 12.11% in the 11th plan. The plan panel has set a GDP for Bihar at 9% in the 12th plan but we have a target of 13% and the plan expenditure target is Rs 2.28 lakh crore.Gerry Rodgers, whose book was released and who is doing research in Bihar since 1969, said the semi-feudal system had been transformed in 1980s and bonded labourers almost disappeared. But the class and caste system remain closely intertwined. There is an increase in non-agriculture work in rural Bihar, but mostly outside the village. Women workforce participation has increased largely in the agriculture sector with the increase in real wages. Wages in kind is still widespread in the state, he said.Rodgers said there was still extremely high rate of migration of adult males every all class and caste.Earlier, IHD head Alakh Narayan Sharma briefed about the topic and the research works done in rural Bihar. Principal secretary, planning and development, Vijoy Prakash and social scientist and former JNU professor Anjan Mukherjee also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17739815", "title": "Emma Stone wants a new puppy", "text": "Actress Emma Stone wants a new puppy for Christmas and was spotted looking in pet stores with her boyfriend actor Andrew Garfield.Stone already has a small black and white dog of her own.They spent more than an hour browsing dogs in a shop called Spot but were undecided about which one to take home and left empty handed, reports contactmusic.com.The couple, who have been dating for a year since meeting on the set of \"The Amazing Spiderman\", has already made one big purchase together this year, a new home.They reportedly splashed out a plush new $2.5 million house in Beverly Hills, California last month.Despite signing off on their new home, friends of the couple recently said they are in no rush to marry and are eager to focus on this careers.\"There's no rush to get engaged. They are both young and ambitious,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17742105", "title": "Manoj and Seema performed at UBS foundation day", "text": "Recently Bhojpuri mega star Manoj Tiwari and dancing queen Seema Singh performed at a grand function in Mumbai on the occasion of 'Uttar Bhartiya Sangh' 63th foundation day. As Manoj Tiwari start singing 'Jiya Ye Bihar Ke Lala' on stage, people started clapping.R.N. Singh, President of Uttar Bhartiy Sangh was honoured with sword and flower garland. Seema Singh's performance also increased the interest of audience. Aboutten thousand people were present there. On this occasion MP Sanjay Nirupam , Eknath Gayakwad, MLA Kripa Shankar Singh, Amarjeet Singh (Special Trusty of Uttar Bhartiy Sangh), MLA Ashish Shelar, Nawab Malik, BJP leader R. D. Yadav, MLA Subhash Pasi, young Industrialist Anand Yadav (from Ghazipur) were present there. Sanjay Singh, President of Yuva Morcha of Uttar Bhartiy Sangh anchored the function.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17738242", "title": "Great Indian Bustard killed in Jaisalmer, forest dept files FIR", "text": "JAIPUR: A Great Indian Bustard (GIB), the state bird, was poached and killed during daytime on the link road to the Sam sand dunes near Barna village in Jaisalmer on December 20. An FIR has been lodged in this regard at the Khuri police station on the basis of a complaint by forest officials.The 2011 Red List of birds, released by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), has enlisted the GIB in the 'Critically Endangered' category, the highest level of threat. In India, the bird is now restricted to Gujarat, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka and Rajasthan where it is the state bird.\"On December 20, some people came in two vehicles and shot dead a GIB in broad daylight. It was around 12 noon. A shepherd has seen the act and it was on his complaint that the forest and police officials jumped into action,\" a source said.\"Poaching of a GIB is far more critical than that of tiger. There are 1,700 tigers in India but just 150 GIBs. It is the rarest bird and is virtually on an extinction path,\" the source added.The Khuri police station is trying to gather evidence for framing the case. Sources said a wing of the bird and blood stains were found on the road.Sources said the apathy of the government towards the state bird may soon be the end of the GIB in Rajasthan. The winter count of the bird in the state was registered at 89, a mere shadow of the pride that the state held once for having more than half of the its entire population in the country.According to IUCN, activities such as mining, stone quarrying, growth of industries, and power projects along with the expansion of roads, putting up electric poles, wind turbines and other infrastructures have increased the severity of habitat degradation and disturbance resulting in the disappearance of the bird.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17738638", "title": "Protest intensifies in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: The anger against the gang rape of a paramedical student in New Delhi is increasing with every passing day with protests being organized in several parts of the city.A large number of people from all sections of society assembled at various roundabouts across the state on Sunday and vented their anger against criminals and police. Students, political parties and NGOs organized around 25 protest march all over the state and condemned the gang rape, demanding justice for the girl who is struggling for life.\"We have decided to keep the protest alive and create pressure on government to punish those who enrage the modesty of women and make their lives miserable, thereby setting a precedent of sorts,\" said Sunita Kerketta, a postgraduate student of Ranchi University, who participated in the candlelight vigil.That day is not far when police will have to bear the brunt of mob violence in Ranchi as it happened in Delhi or even worse, said a furious Kerketta.\"A few days ago, we led a demonstration outside women's police station, as the officer was not accepting the FIR, but next time we will not hesitate... before from taking law in our hands and thrashing them,\" he added.To the surprise of many women, even boys are supporting the protest this time. \"Boys never take part in this kind of protest, but this time they came out in the open and are supporting the crusade,\" said Rajani Singh, a housemaker. Men have realized the seriousness of the issue as more than 200 girls have been victimized in the last one year in Jharkhand.\"They have probably realized that if the criminals are not stopped, their mothers and sisters may have to face the same predicament some day,\" said Singh.Former Union minister and AICC spokesman Shakeel Ahmad , who was in Ranchi, said all political parties should come together and make amendments in law for harsher punishment. \"It is a heinous crime and everyone should take up the issue seriously so that this type of crime never takes place in future. All political parties should also make efforts as no party can think of making amendments on its own,\" said Ahmad.The protestors also prayed for fast recuperation of the girl who is struggling for life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740844", "title": "Ganesh teams up with Vikram", "text": "After Sundar C's Theeya Vela Seiyanum Kumaru, in which he will be seen with Siddharth, model-turned-actor Ganesh Venkatraman has been roped in for Lingusamy's production Ivan Vera Madhiri. Ganesh will share screen space with Vikram Prabhu in the film and is elated about the same. \"I play Aravindan IPS, a hard-hitting character, which runs parallel to that of Vikram's role. He is a no-nonsense guy who wants to rid the city of crime. Producer Lingusamy was looking for a person who would appeal to both the Telugu and Tamil audiences alike. Consequently, soon after his recent production hit screens, he signed me for the film. Ivan Vera Madhiri is directed by Saravanan of Engaeyum Eppothum fame. He had got my photos from somewhere and thought that I would fit the character as he had liked my work in Unnaipol Oruvan,\" says the actor. The shoot for the film is already on and Ganesh is going to kick some serious butt in the film. \"It's really nice to wear the police uniform after Unnaipol Oruvan . Vikram and I are getting along really well and I love every bit of the shoot. Meanwhile, I will also start shoot on Theeya Vela Seiyanum Kumaru from January. 2013 could not start on a better note,\" says Ganesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740915", "title": "I live life on my own terms: Andrea Jeremiah", "text": "Andrea Jeremiah seems to be one actress for whom controversies are no big deal. Her only response when a few of her pictures with singer Anirudh got leaked on the internet was that the pictures were an year-and-a-half old and that she and Anirudh had moved on in their own careers long back.The actress, who has just finished the shoot for her Malayalam debut, Annayum Rasoolum , says, \"I was working on Annayum Rasoolum when that happened. I was too busy and too happy working in that film to think about anything as trivial as that.\"She also adds that she is one person who minds her own business and lives life on her own terms. \"I am not judgemental as a person; I mind my own business and live my life on my terms. So I do find it absurd that other people should care so much about what I do when it doesn't affect them in any way, I suppose life has taught me to focus my energies on better things,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17736747", "title": "Over 300 posts of judges in high courts vacant", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is planning to set up fast-track courts but has yet not moved to fill vacancies of judges in various subordinate and higher courts. With some high courts having vacancy of up to 50%, appeals go unheard for years together.Delhi HC has 13 positions of judges vacant against a sanctioned strength of 48, which too is not appropriate with the number of cases going up substantially every year. The government's attempt to fill these vacancies has not borne fruit for a number of years for several reasons.In UP, Allahabad HC has 74 positions vacant against the official strength of 160. The strength, of course, is based on an ancient assessment. High courts in other states like Rajasthan and Punjab and Haryana have the same story to tell. Over 300 judges' posts are vacant across the country in HCs against a sanctioned strength of 895.The result is obvious: in Delhi, at least 30% of cases are pending for five to ten years, including cases of sexual assault and murder. Of the 61,000 cases pending in Delhi HC, a record 5,000 are pending for more than 10 years.The government admits that one of the reasons for delay in justice is vacancies of judges in various courts, including the HCs. The law ministry, however, blames the delay in appointments to \"continuous consultative process among constitutional authorities to select suitable candidates\". It is a time-consuming process, the government said in its response to a parliamentary question recently.\"Emphasis is being laid on increasing the number of judges in subordinate judiciary by filling up the existing vacancies and creating additional posts so that disposal of cases is expedited by setting up of extra courts,\" law minister Ashwani Kumar said.The government's attempt to set up a national mission for justice delivery and legal reforms with objectives of increasing access by reducing delays and arrears in the system and enhancing accountability through structural changes is hanging fire due to these largescale vacancies.Meanwhile, the government and the Law Commission are working on collecting information on the number of additional judges required, over and above the sanctioned strength, on the basis on docket-ratio and population-filing ratio to determine the requirement of judges.Vacancies of judges in high courtsHigh court---------Approved strength------VacanciesAllahabad----------------160----------------------74Delhi-----------------------48-----------------------13Rajasthan-----------------40-----------------------18Bombay-------------------75-----------------------20Calcutta-------------------58-----------------------17Karnataka-----------------50-----------------------13Madras--------------------60-----------------------10Punjab &amp; Haryana-------68-----------------------26(Source: Union law ministry)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17740885", "title": "Two Marathi actors killed in road accident", "text": "PUNE: Two eminent Marathi film and television actors were killed when their car met with an accident on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway, police said on Monday.The car of actors - Anand Abhyankar and Akshay Pendse - who were on way to Mumbai on Sunday night, collided with a Pune-bound tempo which lost control and crashed into the lane divider, they said.Both the actors were declared dead at a hospital where they were rushed to after the accident.The duo were a part of many popular television serials including 'Mala Sasoo Havi'.Abhyankar had starred in several Marathi films like 'Spandan', 'Vastav', 'Pappa Sanga Kunache', 'Matichya Chuli', 'Balgandharva' and also performed in play 'Kurtyat Sada Tingalam'.Pendse acted in a few movies including 'Kai Dyayche Bola'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17738430", "title": "Karnataka leads the way with GPS on taxis", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka on Sunday became the first state to announce measures to make public transport safer for women with the help of technology.The state government said it would equip taxis and autorickshaws with GPS and state transport buses with surveillance cameras - steps that TOI, too, had suggested last week.Besides these measures, deputy chief minister R Ashoka, who is in charge of the home department, said the government was planning to set up fast-track courts to deal with rape cases.Ashoka said Karnataka will aggressively push for capital punishment in the rarest-of-rare rape cases, a move that's also on the Union government's radar. \"We will request the Centre to amend the law in this regard,'' he said.A meeting of the home department officials on Saturday night discussed threadbare the safety of women in the wake of the Delhi gang-rape case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17737484", "title": "Kalyan Singh rejects quota in promotion bill", "text": "LUCKNOW: After protest by some state Bharatiya Janata Party leaders against the quota in promotion bill, now former chief minister Kalyan Singh too has rejected it terming it unconstitutional.Kalyan, a backward leader, in a statement said that he would vote against the bill if the Congress tables it in Lok Sabha. The former CM, who will return to the BJP on January 21, told TOI he would convince the party's central leadership not to support the bill.He said the bill was against the principles of constitution and added that its implementation would lead to anarchy in the government offices as junior employees and officers would supercede their seniors. This would have an adverse affect on the administrative functioning and discipline, Kalyan said.Kalyan questioned the need for such need bill when there is already reservation in recruitment of government employees. The Union government should withdraw the bill, demanded Kalyan and added if the Central government remained adamant on tabling the bill, he would vote against it.Kalyan's open opposition to the reservation in promotion bill has come as a shot in arm for several state BJP leaders who have been protesting against it but have desisted from crossing the party line.A BJP leader preferring anonymity said the strong resentment shown by Kalyan and his leadership quality might help in wooing the state government employees, who may have maintained distance from the party after its ambiguous stand on the bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17736855", "title": "Candlelight vigil held for recovery of Delhi rape victim", "text": "PANAJI: A candlelight vigil was held at Miramar circle on Sunday evening to pray for the speedy recovery of the young victim of the recent gang rape committed in New Delhi.The vigil was organised by the Goa unit of India against corruption (IAC) and students of V M Salgaocar college of law. Around 200 people, including students, activists and concerned citizens, attended the vigil. Some held posters and placards demanding justice for the victim.\"We demand capital punishment for rape,\" said one poster. \"You raped her since her dress provoked you, I should slap you since your stupidity provokes me,\" said another.They placed lit candles all around the Miramar circle monument and left the posters leaning against the railing of the monument.A number of speakers condemned the incident and called for justice. Satish Sonak, member of IAC, said \"We held this protest to ensure that wisdom dawns in Delhi. We pray for the health of the girl who battled the rapists.\" He questioned why the Vishaka committee recommendations were not being implemented in the state.There will be a similar meeting at Azad Maidan on Monday at 4 pm, while another meeting will take place at Kranti Maidan at Ponda at 5pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17738285", "title": "Govt can't manage garbage: BS Yeddyurappa", "text": "BANGALORE: KJP president BS Yeddyurappa on Sunday took on the government over the garbage issue . Mounting piles of waste in most parts of Bangalore are proving to be an unequal task for the BJP, he said at his party's Bangalore office-bearers ' convention. \"The government has no vision to manage this. The KJP will raise the issue in each BBMP ward.\"\"When I was chief minister, Bangalore attained international fame for its development projects, but now the city is making news for wrong reasons, including for poor handling of garbage,\" he said.Loyalists keep awayMany MLAs and ministers loyal to Yeddyurappa kept away from Sunday's convention. It was attended only by KJP leaders. The 14 MLAs had shared the dais with him at the Haveri rally on December 9 were conspicuous by their absence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17737600", "title": "Shopping online this festive season may not be very safe", "text": "PUNE: Buying a gift for your near and dear for Christmas or New Year is indeed a good idea. Using modern gadgets such as smartphones to buy the gift may, however, land you in trouble. For online shopping options or mobile phone apps that fuel your impulse to buy on the go also help criminal minds get ideas to rob you of your personal information and, of course, your bank balance.Posts on social networking platforms such as Facebook or Twitter, e-mail messages from holiday marketers making offers too good to be genuine, innocuous looking mobile phone apps... the cybercriminals are out to reach you in any of these forms or more, exploiting your penchant for the new ways of communicating.Cyber security solutions developers have been watching the moves closely and issuing alerts on the possibility of consumers being hit by financial losses as a result of reckless shopping enthusiasm.Security technology company McAfee has observed in its latest study that there can be as many as 12 scams that can hit those who use Internet for shopping this Christmas and New Year season. Market research firm Harris Interactive did the study for McAfee online with a sample of 1,100 Indian adults. The warming assumes significance as, according to the study, 70% of those surveyed plan to shop online this holiday season and a surprising three out of four of them plan to use their mobile devices. More importantly, while aware of the risks, they are willing to give away their personal information if they can get something they value in return.Scammers use social networking platforms, just like email and websites, to scam consumers during the holidays, McAfee said, adding that, one has to be careful when clicking or liking posts such as 'hottest holiday gifts (like the new iPad Mini), exclusive discounts at local stores or your friends' accounts being hacked.\"Criminals are getting savvier with authentic-looking social ads and deals that take consumers to legitimate looking websites. In order to take advantage of the deals or contests, they ask them for personal information that can obtain a shopper's credit card number, email address, phone number or home address,\" McAfee said.\"For the millions of consumers who plan to go online this holiday season to shop for the best deals, finalize travel plans and update their social channels, it's important that they enjoy those activities safely by checking their security protection on their computers and mobile devices first,\" said Venkatsubrahmanyam Krishnapur, vice-president, engineering, consumer and small businesses, McAfee. \"To keep their personal and financial information secure, it's also important to be wary of offers that are too good to be true, and not to click on links or open attachments from people they don't know or companies' emails or sites that look suspect. They must go directly to the websites by typing the URL in the web address bar,\" he said.While nobody contests the golden rule of 'prevention better than cure,' there are solutions available, should someone actually fall a victim to cyber scrooges.Cyber lawyer Vaishali Bhagwat told TOI that the IT Act 2000 is well equipped to address all possible identity theft on the internet, be it unauthorized access to one's digital assets or smishing or phishing. Financial fraud or loss of money can also be addressed by some very stringent provisions of the Indian Penal Code, she added.\"People are often callous and careless about protecting their identity on the net. They don't observe basic digital hygiene, including having a licensed and up-to-date antivirus software, using safe passwords or being alert while using websites to notice spurious pages. All of this lead to monetary loss and also inconvenience as one's privacy is compromised. Everyone is in a hurry to respond without taking the time to think and act,\" Bhagwat said.\"It is important to report at the earliest any incident that causes loss, harm or inconvenience. One should use professional help so that valuable time is not lost gathering evidence. Law also provides for seeking civil remedy for recovery of money in addition to treating the act (of the miscreant) as a criminal offence,\" she added.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17737278", "title": "Extortion menace resurfaces after 4 years", "text": "VARANASI: The year 2012 will be remembered for return of extortion by criminal gangs after a lull of over four year. As many as four gangsters have already tried to create panic among the local traders, medical practitioners and capitalists.If the agencies supporting the district police to crack the networks of gangsters are to be believed, the new dons are maintaining a safe distance from the old mafias of east UP region in order to create their own identity. They also have dreams to secure position in political arena like their predecessors. After dons like Munna Bajrangi were sent behind bars during the Mayawati regime and some other dons secured their positions in assembly and legislative council, the number of extortion threats to traders and other target groups had reduced.After the change of guards at Lucknow, the first incident took place on Shivpur by-pass, when a sanitaryware shop owner was killed by a gangster identified as Azim, who wanted to revive his extortion trade. Though the police claim that all the henchmen of this gangster but he is still absconding. Two gangs led by Ajay alias Vijay and Abhishek alias Honey surfaced, who started targeting traders and medical practitioners in Varanasi and surrounding districts. After the killing of an ornament trader and his brother in Ghazpur, the police arrested all the henchmen of Ajay but he is still at large.The cops also nabbed Honey on December 19. SSP BD Paulson admitted that more than a dozen complaints of threat for extortion had been made with the district police while many complainants do not want to come to light despite informing the police about the calls received by them. But, when the police were heaving a sigh of relief after Honey's arrest, another gangster Manish Singh appeared. His henchmen opened fire on a trader in Sonia area and killed another trader at Razatalab. The state police had already announced a cash reward on Manish. This gangster had changed his area of operation in past years and was active in Mumbai. DIG A Satish Ganesh said that efforts are being made to collect the details of Manish from Mumbai police. The cops are suspecting that when they would increase pressure on Manish, the possibility of his shifting towards Mumbai can't be denied. The agencies reveal that Manish had remained associated with Subhas Thakur in past but for past one year he had started maintaining distance from that don.The police have some successes but it cannot be denied that two dons and one gangsters and his gang are still out of their reach.Why extortion flourish only in this district despite the fact that capital rotation is much more in many other cities of the state? The sources associated with investigating agencies reveal that due to largescale unaccounted trading at local markets of silk, medicine and others, many traders, remain on the target of these gangs. They avoid to make a complaint. This is the reasons why gangsters flourish in this area.A large number of auto-thieves, thieves and looters are also giving sleepless nights to the cops. The police record states that 98 gangs exist in Varanasi zone. Seven are in the category of inter-state gangs while two categorized as inter-zone gangs. In the category of inter-range, the number of gangs is seven while 23 gangs are in the category of inter-district. Maximum number of gangs (59) are in the district level category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17741536", "title": "Manmohan, Putin hold bilateral meeting", "text": "NEW DELHI: Russian President Vladimir Putin and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh began their bilateral summit meeting here on Monday with discussions expected to focus on economic ties, energy and multi-billion dollar defence deals.The meeting is being held at 7, Race Course Road, the official residence of the prime minister. The venue was shifted from Hyderabad House in the wake of large-scale violent protests that took place at the India Gate area on Sunday.Ahead of the meeting, Syed Akbaruddin, spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs tweeted that eight agreements are to be inked. Putin arrived early on Monday for a day-long visit.The negotiations will focus on the construction of the Kudankulam nuclear power plant (KNPP), India's participation in Russia's Sakhalin-I project, oil and gas projects in far-east Russia, as well as the production of an export variant of Russian plane-maker Sukhoi's T-50 stealth fighter, which India plans to begin from 2020, RIA Novosti said.\"Russia considers India as one of the most deserving and strongest candidate for the permanent member of the expanded UN Security Council and supports its decision to become a full member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO),\" Yury Ushakov, Putin's foreign policy aide, said, according to RIA Novosti.Russia and India celebrate the 65th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations this year. Russia-India trade is expected to reach a record high of $10 billion by the end of the year.\"The negotiations will contribute to the broadening, deepening and improvement of cooperation. A number of agreements will be reached,\" Ushakov said, adding \"I'd rather not anticipate the events, but you will see the results of the negotiations\".Putin is also to meet President Pranab Mukherjee as well as Congress chairperson Sonia Gandhi and leader of opposition in the Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj.Defence deals worth $7 billion are expected to be inked. The highlight will be a contract, worth around $4 billion, to buy additional Sukhoi 30 MKI fighters equipped with the Brahmos cruise missiles, an Indo-Russian joint venture.India has already signed a pact for delivery of 80 Mi-17 V5 helicopters, of which 42 have already been inducted since February this year.Russia accounts for over 60 per cent of India's military hardware. On the trade front, the two sides are expected to reiterate the target for scaling up bilateral trade to $20 billion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741414", "title": "Salman's unique birthday gift", "text": "Salman Khan's fans came up with a 'gift' for his birthday on December 27.Come what may, now his fans want Sallu bhai to settle down. Lyricist Ranjeet Shrivastav wrote written a song called Hogi Salman Ki Shaadi, whose video has been directed by Mukesh Jadhav and produced by Nawab Vishwakarma.The video has a comic and serious appeal to it, and shows the actor getting married in the end. Little Champs winner Sameer Khan has sung the song.According to Nagendra Sharma, co-producer of the music video, \"The video, shot in a rural setting, is quite in keeping with our secular spirit as characters belonging to different communities are seen praying for the marriage of the actor.\"He adds, \"The music album is to be formally released after Salman's birthday,\" he informs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17737930", "title": "Fun apps to add zing to Yuletide spirit", "text": "CHANDIGARH: This Christmas, technology will help your family members bond with each other. Applications on iPhones, iPads, and facebook or games with the family promise a time of togetherness.While you can download some of the applications for free, others will charge to send greetings to your loved ones. Companies have loaded their sites with applications and games to help families celebrate Christmas in a special way.Some of the most popular Christmas applications for ipads include Christmas Countdown, Christmas Spell Light, Call Santa and others. \"I love the Christmas Spell Light app on my iPad , words on snow flakes remind me of the snowy Christmas of Atlanta ,\" said Divya Singhvi, a resident of Sector 40.If you are tired of sending greeting cards, you can download Cards Apps on your iPhones or iPads. They have built in templates and you can use photos from your iPhones or iPads to create your own cards. The cards can be printed and mailed using high-quality paper stock and letterpress printing.You may also want to try different games designed for families. Family members could try playing Christmas trees or race to find things to decorate the tree with. The Jingle Bell rings is an engaging game for a big family.\"I have played Jingle bell rings for many years. It is a real treat to watch my children playing the game,\" said Sheryl of Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ajnala", "code": "17738092", "title": "Sukhbir moots 7 fast track courts for rape, other cases in Punjab", "text": "AJNALA: The state government would urge Punjab and Haryana high court chief justice for setting up of at least 7 fast track courts in the state for expeditious trial of all heinous crimes, including rape cases, said deputy CM Sukhbir Singh Badal on Sunday.He along with cabinet minister Bikram Singh Majithia was in Ajnala to attend a function organized by Christian community of the area.\"Punjab government is conveying to the high court that it was ready to provide total infrastructural support for setting up these fast track courts and bear all expenses for additional staff required for these courts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "17736595", "title": "Nine days on, kidnapped student traceless", "text": "NAWADA: The Nawada police have failed to recover Abhishek, the 15-year-old Class X student of St. Joseph's High School and son of a well-known trader, Pradip Agrawal. Abhishek was enticed and later kidnapped allegedly by a former classmate, Satyam, on the direction of his father, Sudhanshu Singh, nine days ago. Sudhanshu Singh was a former teacher of St. Joseph's High School.The Nawada SP on Sunday said two teams of criminals are involved in Abhishek's kidnapping. While team 'A' led by Sudhanshu Singh masterminded the abduction with the help of three accomplices, they later handed Abhishek over to team 'B' led by notorious criminal Navin Singh, recently released on bail from Nawada jail.Incidentally, Navin and Sudhanshu are relatives, not only in familial ties but also in criminal acts.However, when the police raided Navin's hideout at a village in Kauakol, 60 km from the town, all the police could recover was the Bolero jeep used to 'ferry' Abhishek besides some empty liquor bottles. The SP expressed the apprehension that Abhishek may have been whisked away to another hideout in neighboring Jamui district.Navin Singh, like Sudhanshu, are accused in murder cases. Navin Singh, in particular, has a number of murder cases to his name and has managed to slip twice from custody, once through the police handcuffs at Warisaliganj police station a decade ago and again from Nawada civil court a few years later.Meanwhile, the hopes of the family members of Abhishek are diminishing with each passing day and the knowledge of the fact that their son is in the grip of a notorious criminal, has further added to their panic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17738182", "title": "Last rites of Satguru Jagjit Singh performed", "text": "LUDHIANA: The kriya ceremony of Satguru Jagjit Singh was performed in the presence of members of the Namdhari community and eminent people from various sections of society. His successor and new spiritual head of the community Thakur Udai Singh conducted his last rites, thereby underlining his position as head of the community.Thousands of members of the Namdhari community and people from various sections of society gathered at the Namdhari community headquarters in Bhaini Sahab on Sunday to pray for the late spiritual leader.All doubts on succession were cleared with Thakur Udai Singh's \"dastar samaroh\" or ceremony of tying the symbolic headgear. Railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal and Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal were among political leaders present on the occasion. Captain Amarinder Singh and deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal also marked their presence.Satguru Jagjit Singh breathed his last at the Satguru Pratap Singh Apollo hospital on December 13 where he was admitted with a severe chest infection on November 23. Although Thakur Udai Singh was declared administrator of the Namdhari Darbar and was even made to occupy the seat of the religious head on December 16, there was confusion over succession. This was mainly caused by members of the International Namdhari Sangat organizing a press conference to communicate their refusal to accept him as the head. Differences appear to have been resolved with majority of the members supporting Thakur Udai Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17737396", "title": "Fog delays arrival of trains from Delhi", "text": "LUCKNOW: Thick fog on Sunday disrupted rail movement with some of the prominent trains including Lucknow-New Delhi Swarn Shatabdi Express (12003/12004) arriving late by more than six hours at Charbagh station. The train was held up at Kanpur and other stations of North Central Railway due to fog. As a result, train 12003 was put back at 7:30 pm on Sunday, instead of its scheduled departure at 3:30 pm.\"All the trains coming from Delhi are late,\" said Ashwini Srivastava, senior DCM, Lucknow, NR. Trains like Lucknow Mail, AC Express, Chandigarh Express and Duronto Express are also arriving late. However, since these trains arrive at Charbagh in morning and Lucknow division gets six hours for primary maintenance of these trains easily, trains are departing on their scheduled time from Lucknow. The 12419 Lucknow-New Delhi Gomti Express was late by six hours on the day.Passengers had a tough time waiting at Charbagh for trains. The trains from Allahabad, Kanpur, Gorakhpur, Varanasi and several other parts of the state were running behind schedule because of fog. Not only UP, trains from other states like Bihar , West Bengal and Punjab were also late by several hours due to reduced visibility.Train 13005/13006 Howrah-Amritsar Punjab Mail was late by more than four hours, 13009 Doon Express was delayed by about two hours, 14369 Singrauli-Allahabad Triveni Express was late by more than six hours, 12876 New Delhi-Puri Neelanchal Express was late by three hours and 12238 Jammu Tawi-Varanasi Begampura Express was late by about nine hours on Sunday evening. Similar scenes were witnessed at Lucknow Junction with several trains operating from the station running late and passengers having anxious moments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17738156", "title": "Three youths killed in car accident near Manali", "text": "MANALI: Three persons were killed after an car in which they were travelling collided with a tree at Rangri village, 3 km from Manali, on Saturday night, police said.The three youths, all below 30 years of age, were found dead inside the car. The vehicle (HP01K-2464) was on way to Kullu from Manali. The speeding car was damaged so badly that police and fire service personnel had to cut the chassis of the car to extract the bodies. The deceased were identified as Balwant Kumar (27), resident of Dharamshala, Vijay Kumar (27) and Ravi Kumar (30), both resident of Palampur.According to Manali deputy superintendent of police Sanjeev Chauhan, the bodies were handed over to family members after postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17736054", "title": "Fans shocked as Master Blaster calls it a day", "text": "MUMBAI: For a generation, which started watching cricket around the time Sachin Tendulkar began playing, Sunday meant the end of an era as the Master Blaster announced his retirement from One-Day International cricket.Cricket as we knew it will never be the same again.Even as fans were shocked and saddened by Tendulkar's announcement, social networking and micro blogging sites were inundated with messages from all corners of the country. While some congratulated Tendulkar for his \"brave\" decision, others regretted and expressed how he would be missed in the ODI field. Some others thought it was a good move on the part of the cricket maestro to let room for newer talent in the team.While celebrities like Manoj Bajpai , Huma Quereshi and Mandira Bedi expressed their disbelief by posting innumerable messages on social networking sites, other fans tried to piece together their thoughts on what Tendulkar meant to them. \"What made Sachin unique was that he cut across celebrities from all walks of life and even though his performance dipped from time to time, he always resurfaced stronger than ever. I can't believe we will not watch 'the Sachin Tendulkar' play ODIs anymore,\" said Naveen Pancholi (68), a resident of Kurla and a 'die-hard' Tendulkar fan.Pancholi's dismay was reflected in the thousands of comments and tweets on the various social networking sites that were brimming over by Sunday evening. \"The Mayans were right about the world ending on December 22. Sachin Tendulkar retires today,\" said one of his million fans.Shreyas Nair, a student, said it was a very sad day for him: \"I guess an entire generation will stop watching one-day cricket from now on.\" For Adarsh Suvarna, a software professional from Powai, watching Sachin play was like a long-term relationship. \"In the initial years, it was sheer bliss to watch a diminutive kid take on and butcher bowlers well above his stature. Later, as I got emotionally involved, every ball he played was an intense moment. As years passed, even a small inning, which got him closer to a milestone, was so satisfying that the outcome of the match didn't matter,\" said Suvarna.Another cricket enthusiast looked at Tendulkar's retirement from the ODI in a more realistic way. \"There are too many upcoming players who deserve a shot. The selectors wouldn't have had the bones to drop Sachin outright, and that's why his stepping down on his own is the only way it could happen. Hopefully, this will give his form in tests a boost. If he doesn't hit a purple patch, he should seriously consider full retirement from cricket. With his cricketing acumen, he could be a huge asset to the Indian team as an adviser,\" said Sameer Nabar from Malad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17739695", "title": "Delhi gang rape: PM addresses nation, appeals for calm", "text": "NEW DELHI: Issuing a fresh appeal for peace, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said government will look into delay in response in the gang rape case as also all aspects concerning the security of women while asking people to desist from violence.In a televised address, Singh said he and his family join in the concern for the 23-year-old victim, who was gang-raped and brutally assaulted in a moving bus in south Delhi on December 16 night.\"As a father of three daughters myself, I feel as strongly about this as each one of you. My wife, my family and I are all joined in our concern for the young woman who was the victim of this heinous crime.\"He said the government was constantly monitoring her medical condition.His statement came as protests, which turned violent on Sunday, continued for the seventh day on Monday.Emphasising that anger at this crime is \"justified\", Singh said, \"but violence will serve no purpose.\"Singh noted that home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde has already spoken about the steps being taken to address issues regarding safety of women in the country.\"We will examine into delay not only the responses to this terrible crime but also all aspects concerning the safety and security of women,\" he said.Singh broke his silence on the issue on Saturday night when he issued a similar statement saying public anger is \"genuine\" and \"justified\".Singh had also expressed sadness over the turn of events that led to clashes between the angry protesters and the police and appealed for peace and calm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17736502", "title": "Conmen cheat 130 of Rs 52 lakh with home dream", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two cons took advantage of a government housing scheme and collected Rs 52 lakh from 130 people in the eastern parts of the city over a period of two years. When those who had shelled out the money did not get the houses as promised, they approached the city police.According to Shaherkotda police, Kanti Dhummal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a resident of Municipal Labour Quarters on Naroda Road \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has filed a complaint against Manish Patel, a resident of Narsanda, Nadiad; and Kanu Parmar, a resident of Khadawali Chali, Gomtipur. According to Dhummal's complaint, the duo posed as Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority (AUDA) officials and promised a home in Garib Aawas Yojya floated by the state government.\"In 2010, Patel had approached the locality and had stated that he was an AUDA official surveying the requirement of houses for the urban poor,\" said a Shaherkotda police official. \"When residents asked whether they could buy such homes, he told them to fill up forms and give Rs 40,000 to his associate, Parmar, for the registration.\"K K Parmar, inspector of Shaherkotda police station, told TOI that the duo even used newspaper cuttings about the scheme and said that they had powers to allocate the houses. \"Along with Dhummal, we have got complaints of 130 persons, We believe that the number will rise,\" K K Parmar said. \"We suspect that the duo approached other areas as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17737304", "title": "Protests surge as more residents rally for a cause", "text": "JAIPUR: The Pink City's Statue Circle is becoming a ground zero for protests and rallies being organized by groups and individuals over atrocities against women. On Sunday, the protests began with a disciplined crowd adhering to police instructions but ended with some unruly members going berserk. They damaged a bus, one police gypsy and also threatened media persons against publishing these pictures.As the sun set, nearly 2,000 people from all walks of life gathered at Statue Circle holding placards, banners and effigies expressing anger over the gangrape incident in Delhi. A poster read: \"Statue Circle is our Tahrir Square.\" Many protestors, majority of them in their early twenties and from schools and colleges in the city, raised slogans seeking harsher laws, capital punishment, vigilance by police among others.A three-year-old, Avani Singh, holding a banner 'hang the rapist' was probably the youngest protester accompanied by her mother and aunts. Aditi Singh, aunt of Avani, described how they face eve teasing almost every day. \"Is it a sin to be a beautiful girl?\" asked Aditi. \"This is too much! Now we will not tolerate and ignore it silently, we will drag these unscrupulous elements and expose them in public,\" said Aditi, holding candles.For some, the movement has sparked a sense of liberation. Sunita Sharma, a mother of three daughters, the eldest studying in college, said: \"Now I won't spare those elements who stare at my daughters. I will give a tight slap on their face.\"Meanwhile, a few protesters played spoilsport by damaging the glasses of one low-floor bus and one police vehicle. They also made a failed attempt to snatch the camera of TOI lensman and threatened him not to publish pictures showing their act of hooliganism.The movement is gradually gathering storm in the city. A group of theatre artists gave a powerful performance through 'nukkad natak' encompassing various incidents happening in the city. They showcased how girls are teased and harassed in buses in the presence of many commuters who mostly remain silent. \"This case is an eye-opener for us. Our focus should be on issues our mothers and sisters face in our very own city,\" said Chiraj Khandelwal, a theatre artist who made tireless effort to perform among the crowd of thousands.The group received a wide applause from the protesters who circled them and listened to them. The most striking was the presence of nearly 50% female protestors unlike during the campaign by India Against Corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740757", "title": "\"Kalavishkar 2012\u00e2\u20ac\u009d to be held in Mumbai", "text": "In a unique exhibition, 16 artists from in and around Mumbai, will display their works at the Ravindra Natya Mandir, this week.A group of 16 artists from Mumbai, Vashi, Navi Mumbai, Karjat, Virar, Thane, Vasai and various suburbs of Mumbai will jointly display their recent thematic work in an art exhibition in PL Deshpande Kala Akademy, located in Ravindra Natya Mandir, Prabhadevi, till December 29, from 11am to 7pm. This show is carated by Nilesh Nika. It will highlight vivid facets of visual fine arts in the form of paintings in oil, watercolors, acrylic colours work etc on canvas and paper. It will lay emphasis on different thematic peculiarities such as abstract work, realistic work, landscapes, seascapes, figurative work and spiritual work in the relevant perspectives.The main intention of this group exhibition is to display various facets of fine art on a single platform through the styles and technique adopted by the participating artists. The participating artists in this unique exhibition are Vivek Prabhukeluskar, Meena Raghavan, Ravindra Rahate, Anita Ushekwar, Nita Desai, Dhanshree Kosambi, Ketan Raut, Rahul Howal, Nitin Juvalekar, Shrikumar Godambe, Vikrant Shitole, Prabhakar Ruthe, Dayanand Arekar, Sunil Vinekar, Richard Vaz and Dipti Nikam.Thematic specialties like Buddha's face enlightened with eternal glow and peace, sanctity of religious fervor, beauty of nature and its mysteries landscapes seascapes, abstract work with realistic base, figurative work showing varied emotional expressions glimpses of our culture and traditions at historical monumental places like Hampi Vijaynagaram etc showing the regional specialties of Gujrat, Rajasthan , Karnataka etc, Peacock Ecstasy, treasures of rural life warli style and their simplicity as well as unique glimpses etc find due place in these creative endeavors of the participating artists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17737350", "title": "Doctor who paints the city green", "text": "Hubli: The twin cities of Hubli and Dharwad were once known for lush greenery and idyllic hilly landscape. However, with the passing of time the cities expanded and concrete constructions and roads replaced shade giving trees and verdant lands. And the government's apathy is as much to blame for the depleting greenery. A few initiatives by the district administration in the recent past like rejuvenating lakes and gardens are in the positive. Apart from the government bodies, the role of residents in preserving greenery in their surroundings goes a long way in making the city a pleasant place to live in. The efforts by a city-based ENT surgeon are commendable in this direction. Dr Mahantesh C Tapashetti is doing his mite in securing a green future for the residents by planting and nurturing trees in the twin cities over the years. About 10 years ago he started the plantation drive and till date he has planted and maintained 26,000 trees, an astonishing accomplishment for any single person. And all this he has done spending money from his own pocket. After witnessing the relentless felling of trees in the name of development and the administration turning a blind eye, Tapashetti decided not to remain a mute spectator. So, in 1993 he started planting tree saplings to prevent the city from losing its green cover due to rapid urbanization. \"Growing trees is like building an oxygen bank. We need to grow more trees for ecological balance and for the future generations,\" said Tapashetti. The doctor's fascination with greenery began soon after he finished his MBBS from JNMC Medical College in Belgaum. He completed his specialization studies on ENT in Davangere and started his practice in Bagalkot, which is his native place. When he saw severe sun burn cases in Bagalkot, he decided to plant trees in the college campus of Basaveshwar Vidyavardhak Sangh and planted three thousand trees. In 1993, Tapashetti shifted to Hubli for pursuing his medical career. He continued planting trees with the same zeal. Initially he planted trees on the roadside of Adarsh Nagar and gradually he carried out his drive in Santosh Nagar, Vishweshwar nagar, BVB College campus, Nrupatunga betta, Navanagar Aaryabhata Tech Park, KIMS Hospital campus and in other areas of the city, involving his wife Dr Vijay Lakshmi Tapashetti in his noble deed. Support came to him from several quarters as NCC cadets, forest department officials, and teaching staff of the colleges devoting their time to the cause and giving valuable suggestions. \"These days I am getting saplings from the forest department as per my needs. I prefer the saplings which have small roots to plant on the roadside, else long roots may damage the road. Plants with large and lengthy roots are ideal for planting in the open space,\" Tapashetti said. The 60-year-old doctor is now planning to plant around 200 saplings near new city railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17737377", "title": "A cake-walk for Santa at the bakers", "text": "COIMBATORE: Christmas without cakes is unimaginable. As the festive mood soars in the city, residents, irrespective of their faith, have been indulging in cake shopping. And it's not just the plum and walnut cakes that are in demand. The variety that's beat them this year are designer Santa cakes.Keerthana George, an associate with a leading tour operating firm in the city, says she finds Santa's face quite cute and ordered a cake with it. Apart from Santa's face, custom-made cakes have also appearances of Christmas trees and bells. Some bakers have even gone to the extent of making cake versions of the crib in which the infant Jesus was found. Le Meridian Hotel in the city has already made a huge ginger cake crib which students of the city can visit and relish. The hotel has also arranged the tallest Christmas tree of the city.\"Gone are the days when bakeries were flooded with plum cakes, cream cakes, cookies and brownies. In order to make the festival more memorable, people are looking for variety and most are fond of the innocent face of Santa,'' says city's famous cake baker Naresh Kumar, who runs Kovai KRS Bakery in RS Puram. He and his wife, Subashree, have already designed over 100 custom-made cakes for Christmas celebrations in different hotels , churches, institutions and house holds. \"Those who are in Yuletide spirit are demanding innovation on cakes. Using edible colours and creams, we visualized many events in the life of infant Jesus on cakes apart from variations of the face of Santa,'' says Subashree.Almost all the bakers are a busy lot these days. S Naveen, a bakery manager in Ganapathy, said he has been receiving orders for cakes since the first week of December. Likewise, a baker in Kuniamuthur is busy preparing customized cakes. \"I had to stop taking fresh orders to ensure that the cakes booked in advance can be delivered on time,\" he said.\"Residents have been busy browsing the web for various designs and order the ones they like. The sugar-icing cakes top the demand list as it can be made just as the customer wants it to be and the decoration, Christmas tree, bells and Santa, is all edible,'' says Velu Thirumalai , executive chef of Le Meridien.Christeena Raj of Karunya Nagar said she opted for Santa cakes as plum cakes do not satisfy her taste buds. Sheeba Frederick of Ramanathapuram too went for a cake with tiny Santas and Christmas trees for the special day. \"Why would I get a plum cake when I can instead order a better-looking cake with my favourite strawberry flavour,\" she says.Naresh Kumar said Santa cakes have hardly got any time over the counter as they vanish as soon as baked. \"We have been baking more than 10 cakes daily with Santa designs on them,\" he added. He also said he has some discounts on offer for students and if a customer comes in Santa's red attire, the flavour of the base would be as per his or her choice without extra charges.Well if Christmas now seems more about cakes than about Christ, blame it on the bakers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17736314", "title": "Cash for water on minister's agenda", "text": "KOLKATA: State irrigation minister Rajib Banerjee will attend the national water policy meeting in Delhi on December 28 to demand grants for execution of irrigation projects.Prodded by chief minister Mamata Banerjee , irrigation minister Rajib Banerjee will attend the national water policy meeting in Delhi on December 28 where the minister will bring out the issue of releasing the matching grants to the state government for executing various irrigation projects.\"We are not getting any funds from the Centre to implement irrigation projects. A letter was earlier sent to the Union minister of water resources Harish Rawat. We will again bring up the issue at the national water policy meeting in Delhi which will be attended by ministers from all the states,\" Banerjee said.The irrigation department has lined up a slew of projects to improve the condition of canals in the city. While a nine-km stretch of the upper Bagjola canal that flows through Rajarhat has already been dredged, PWD has been asked to look into dredging of the lower Bagjola canal.The state government had previously planned to give the Kestopur canal a facelift with the help of a private partner. A meeting will soon be held with South Dum Dum Municipality officials to discuss the project, said the minister. \"Besides, we have sent a Rs 12-crore proposal to the Centre for dredging and improvement of the Beliaghat canal,\" Banerjee added.The previous Left Front government had introduced ferry services on the Kestopur canal, but the initiative did not succeed. Elaborate plans had also been made to develop Beliaghata canal that stretches from EM Bypass to Chingrighata, but not much has happened on that front.After taking charge as the new irrigation minister, Banerjee wanted the irrigation projects to be implemented within the stipulated time. He also held several meetings with his department officials to keep a track of the status of projects.took up the matter to look into the irrigation projects that have been lagging for some time. The minister wants all projects to be implemented within specific time frame and have already held meetings with his department officers to look into the status of several projects. Not much work have been executed in the Aila affected areas so far and the minister now wants to stress into this project.To develop work culture within the department, all senior officials have been asked to keep their mobile phones on for 24 hours and bio metric attendance system will also be introduced to keep track of the time of employees coming in office.Banerjee said that for improving the condition of Kestopur canal, a meeting will be soon held with South Dum Dum municipality officials to come up with a plan. The government had previously planned to revamp the Kestopur canal with the help of a private partner not only to clean up the canal but also to beautify its sides. \"Also for Belighata canal, we have placed a Rs 12 crore proposal to the centre for its dredging and improvement,\" the minister said.The previous Left run government had introduced ferry services on Kestopur canal but the initiative failed flat. As for Beliaghata canal that stretches from EM Bypass at Chinrighata junction to Sealdah, there have been long term plans to develop the canal but nothing much has happened so far.After being appointed as the new irrigation minister, Banerjee immediately took up the matter to look into the irrigation projects that have been lagging for some time. The minister wants all projects to be implemented within specific time frame and have already held meetings with his department officers to look into the status of several projects. Not much work have been executed in the Aila affected areas so far and the minister now wants to stress into this project.To develop work culture within the department, all senior officials have been asked to keep their mobile phones on for 24 hours and bio metric attendance system will also be introduced to keep track of the time of employees coming in office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17738139", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation 'cool' to fire safety measures", "text": "HYDERABAD: Though fire accidents are on the rise in the city, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) Fire Prevention Wing (FPW) is confining itself to issuing notices and hoping that further mishaps do not occur.Notices were served on commercial buildings, hospitals and schools, which have not followed the fire safety measures. No action was taken for their failure to comply with the norms except for fixing deadlines and warning them to provide fire-fighting equipment.These three categories of buildings were chosen for immediate fire compliance as there might be heavy loss of life in case of a fire accident. Also, a number of fire accidents had taken place in hospitals and commercial buildings.In the wake of the fire accident at the Begumpet airport a couple of days ago, hospital managements have been asked to remove stocks and godowns stored in cellars apart from providing fire-fighting equipment in buildings. However, till date only 357 of the 489 hospitals have complied with the fire safety norms, but 130 hospitals have not even responded to the notice. Commercial buildings are at the bottom of the compliance list. Of 451 buildings in Greater Hyderabad, owners of only 56 buildings have managed to take No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the corporation.With regard to schools, notices were issued twice to 1,860 educational institutions housed in buildings up to ground and four floors. Of them, 569 school managements came forward to provide fire-fighting equipment and took NOC. Since compliance percentage of schools is less and these buildings cannot be sealed or closed, the FPW wrote letters to the education department to cancel recognition of these schools.The corporation has been insisting that managements of function halls, hotels, lodges and bars put in place fire-fighting equipment. However, the GHMC has paid little attention on these entities. Only eight function halls of around 250 have got the NOC, while 73 hotels of 254 comply with rules.When contacted, GHMC additional director (FPW) C Lakshmi Prasad said demolition of cellars in hospitals would be taken up by the town planning as the deadline ended on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17736520", "title": "Tadoba Special Tiger Protection Force to get 33 jawans, INSAS rifles", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The Special Tiger Protection Force (STPF) deployed at Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) is all set to get more teeth. The forest department has cleared appointment of 33 jawans (forest guards) to make up for the shortfall in STPF's strength. The guards also would get INSAS rifles along with a few more sophisticated firearms soon.The 112-member STPF at TATR has 90 guards, 18 foresters, three RFOs and an ACF. However, only 57 jawans were posted initially. The vacant posts of a RFO and 18 foresters have been filled recently. The 33 jawans will soon join their counterparts in the ongoing STPF training.Forest minister Patangrao Kadam, who visited TATR on Saturday, was apprised of the firearm requirements for STPF. The authorities are considering providing indigenous 5.56mm INSAS rifles to the jawans. Plan is to procure 112 INSAS rifles, three 9mm Carbine, three pump-action guns and 9-mm pistols.CCF of TATR Virendra Tiwari told the forest minister that the regional staff has four pistols and four 12-bore rifles. \"A proposal for Rs42.42 lakh has been forwarded through PCCF for additional firearms under the Central sponsored scheme Project Tiger,\" he added. The forest minster also handed over four jeeps to the RFOs.STPF jawans have been undergoing six months long training for skill development, combating poaching and enabling intelligence-based enforcement since September. They will be also trained in handling firearms and combat tactics at a police training academy in the second half of their training schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17736426", "title": "Police seize pirated booksworth Rs 25L from press", "text": "PATNA: A team of Patna police on Sunday seized a number of fake printed books worth Rs 25 lakh being published in a printing press running in a rented house at Chhoti Pahari locality under Agamkuan police station area. The printing press was illegally involved in printing books of several reputed companies.Police sources said SSP Amrit Raj, after getting information about the fake books being printed at the press, constituted a special police team comprising City SP Jayant Kant and ASP Chandan Kushwaha for carrying out a raid. The ASP said the house, where the raid was conducted, belonged to one Chandrashekhar Prasad. \"Suspect Abhay Kumar, native of Nalanda, had hired a flat in Prasad's house and had been running the printing press for the last two and half years,\" he said.A large number of books related to different competitive examinations, negative sets, printing roller and other materials were seized from there, he said, adding Kumar used to supply the fake books not only in local markets by outside state also.Four arrested: Four youth, loitering around in a suspicious manner near the ATMs of SBI main branch, were arrested by a Gandhi Maidan police team on Sunday. The arrested youth were identified as Vinay Chandra, Arun Kumar, Jai Kishan and KamalSHO of Gandhi Maidan police station Rajbindu Prasad said that police recovered five ATM cards, 11 cellphones and two chequebooks from their possession.Briefcase lifters held: The Government Railway Police (GRP), Patna Junction, on Sunday arrested five briefcase lifters while they were sitting in a compartment of Hatia-Patna Express at Patna Junction.GRP SHO R P Singh said that the arrested youth were identified as Tuntun Kumar (Yarpur), Dhiraj (Gulabi Bagh, Sultanganj police station), Amit Kumar (Bypass), Murari Kumar (90Feet, Bypass) and Chhotu (Yarpur). \"Though the arrested youth are native of different districts, they have been residing here in rented houses of different localities and are in age group of 25 years.Describing their modus operandi, Singh said that the arrested youths used to get railway tickets reserved in different bogies of long distance trains and used to travel in different cities by different trains bound for Asansol, Gaya, Hatia, Mokama, Gaya, Koderma, Howrah and Kolkata. \"When the railway passengers used to sleep at night during the journey , they used to lift their briefcases and alight from the train at any station. They had been in this racket for the last five years,\" he said.The SHO further said that Dhiraj had been earlier sent to jail in connection with cases of loot, dacoity and Arms Act by Sultanganj police station.Mysterious death: A defence estate officer S K Sharma died under mysterious circumstances at a private nursing home under Kankerbagh police station area here on Sunday. Sharma was posted at Danapur Cantonment area and was living alone here.Police said Sharma, a native of Jaipur, was admitted to a private nursing home in Kankerbagh two days back with suspected case of poisoning and died during the treatment.Looted car recovered: The Patliputra police recovered a looted four-wheeler from Vivekanand Marg late on Saturday night. The car belongs to Dr Omprakash Kuer. SHO of the police station P Bharti said that Dr Kuer had gone to P&M; Mall to see a movie on Saturday and his driver parked the car near a hospital at around 9.15 pm and came out.Bharti said that three youths hit the driver with pistol butts and escaped with the vehicle. When police, during the search operation, reached Vivekanand Marg, the cops saw a car coming from opposite direction. The occupants of the car, seeing the policemen, left the vehicle and fled from the spot at around 10.30 pm, the SHO said, adding the cops managed to arrest two of them while the third one managed to escape from there.The arrested youth identified as Aditya Kumar alias Chotu, a resident of Kurji Balu Paar locality, and Vishal, a resident of Bindeshwari Colony. One pistol besides three live cartridges recovered from their possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17737833", "title": "Vehicles with sun film face action", "text": "AURANGABAD: After sending out a strong message to all the city police stations to take the nakabandis seriously, the top brass of the city police has now asked the traffic police to conduct special drives to reduce the number of street crimes and take action against the vehicle owners with sun film coated glasses of their four-wheelers. In the last two days, the city traffic police have removed sun films of more than 150 vehicles.The senior police officials have clearly stated that officers, who fail to detect the sudden spurt in crimes across the city, will be issued a warning first. \"Next time they make a mistake, we will take serious note of it,'' a police officer said. The officer, however, refused to elaborate on the punishment. The orders came after two incidents of chain snatchings on Saturday evening within a gap of 30 minutes and the series of day light house break-ins committed in the last few days.On Sunday traffic policemen at various locations did not allow any vehicle to pass without a thorough check and removed sun films coated on the glasses of the vehicles. It was the second consecutive day of the drive called by the traffic police.An eyewitness stated that while she was on her way home in her car from gym with three other colleagues, she was surprised when the car got stuck around 9.30 am on Sunday as they entered Sathe Chowk. \"I was pleasantly surprised to see traffic policemen thoroughly checking every vehicle. I saw senior officers among them. They asked each driver to come out and help them in removing the sun film glass coatings, before allowing cars to pass, with a warning to not to put sun films again.\"An officer stated that they don't want to take any chance and ensure that most vehicles are properly checked during the nakabandi to avoid seniors' ire. He said, \"Earlier, we took nakabandi very casually but after the recent warning, we are now taking the work very seriously, at least to ensure that we are doing our best to detect the suspects.\"At a meeting yesterday, the senior police officer instructed policemen to strengthen the nakabandi and that deputy commissioners of police level officers should personally check the arrangements to ensure there are no loopholes. Earlier, during nakabandis, sometimes only constables or a couple of junior police officers were present at spots to check vehicles. Besides, policemen have been also asked to conduct combing operations, check hotels, especially outstation guys living in the jurisdiction of respective police stations and ensure tight vigilance.Speaking to TOI, assistant commissioner of police (traffic) Ajit Borhade, \"We have received strict orders about nakabandis and action against vehicles having sun film coated glasses. On Saturday's drive, action was taken against 90 vehicles having sun film coated glasses, while on Sunday action was taken against 120 vehicles having sun films.\"We will continue to take drives, so that the public safety gets better. We do not want to have any heinous crimes being committed in the city and are taking best possible measures for the same, added Borhade.The police officers are personally visiting the Nakabandi spots and are taking an overview of the measures being taken. A senior officer said, \"It is a routine affair but henceforth we will be more strict.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17737324", "title": "P Chidambaram releases documentary film on Alagumuthu Kone", "text": "MADURAI: A documentary film on the life of Veeran Alagumuthu Kone, one of the first freedom fighters from the region, was released by Union finance minister P Chidambaram here on Sunday. While many people fought the British Raj and Alagumuthu Kone was one of the early freedom fighters to arouse public consciousness against foreign rule, Chidambaram said. He also released a research publication on the Yadava community, to which Kone belonged. \"The struggle by fighters like him cascaded into the Indian Independence movement later and their contribution to the Freedom Struggle is phenomenal,\" he said.Alagumuthu Kone was a general with Ettayappa Naicker, a polygar king of Ettayapuram in Tirunelveli region. He was a skilful general with Madurai Nayaks, but left the army after some misunderstanding and was eagerly adopted by the polygar king. After the failed battle at Ettayapuram against the British and Maruthanayagam, Alagumuthu had to flee with the royal family. Kone and his 258 men, including seven generals, were captured by the British. According to historians, the right hands of the sepoys were chopped off and Alagumuthu Kone was tied to canon and blown up.What, however, raised curiosity was the presence of Chidambaram, a non-Yadav, at the function. The busy cabinet minister usually keeps himself to party functions and bank-related events in the region. So, his presence at a community function raised eyebrows. However, the organisers clarified that there was no political motive to the minister's presence. They just wanted it that way, one of the organizers said. \"We wanted a senior political leader to unveil the history of Alagumuthu Kone,\" said P Varadarajan, former vice-president of the Youth Congress and a member of the community. \"He was preferred and he had helped in developing the community as well,\" he said. Former DMK minister Periakaruppan and leaders from the Yadava Mahasabai were present at the function.The Yadavas are one of the prominent communities of the Madurai region. Though they constitute a little over 5% of the state's population, many members of the community have held significant political positions. Though traditional agriculturists and dairy farmers, many of them have earned reputation as educationalists and hoteliers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17736722", "title": "Maurya Lok Complex: Gasping for breath", "text": "PATNA: The favourite hangout for the city's youngsters, Maurya Lok Complex, chokes with congestion created by encroachers and vendors. These unauthorized vendors consider the place as their 'adda' and feel that they have a birthright to be there and do their business, undeterred, without any one's fear.According to an official, an inquiry commission was formed a few months ago to get rid of these vendors but the guidelines are yet to be framed. Director of State Urban Development and Housing Department Avinash Singh told TOI that a few shopkeepers on the Mauryalok Complex approached the authorities concerned to let the vendors stay on the premises and do their daily business.\"The shopkeepers said the food items sold by these vendors attract women and children and increase the footfalls on the campus,\" said Singh. However, the president of Mauryalok Shopkeepers Association, Rajesh Kumar Dabloo, told TOI that a letter was sent to the PMC commissioner on June 25 this year demanding withdrawal of the decision of creating separate vending zone for the vendors on the premises. The letter was signed by 199 shopkeepers on the campus.Some of the shopkeepers alleged that the PMC officials, in the name of encroachment, threatened them every day to seize or throw the items out of the premises if found outside the area allotted to them.Dabloo, who also owns a food junction on the premises, said in 2005, the erstwhile Patna Regional Development Authority (PRDA) had barricaded the area around all the shops under the beautification scheme. However, in 2007 the barricades were demolished without any prior information to the shopkeepers. The officials said the barricades created traffic congestion. \"When Mauryalok Complex was under PRDA, the plan was under its beautification scheme, but when the complex came under PMC, it became encroachment,\" said Dabloo.A shopkeeper, on the condition of anonymity, told TOI that around three shops were allotted to him some one and a half years ago. And, it was only three months ago that the shops were handed over to him even after full payment of the amount of the tender. He alleged that in the allotted space, the articles and equipment of the vendors were kept after dark.Another shopkeeper said the allottees were levied a fine of 18.5% on the total amount per year for alleged non-payment of the amount for the shops. \"Will the PMC also pay the fine of 18.5% on the amount for delayed allotment of the space to the authorized shopkeepers?\" he asked. PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal was not available for his comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17720806", "title": "Chitrangda Singh now on Twitter", "text": "The gorgeous Chitrangda Singh now makes her presence felt on Twitter,as the actress recently joint the popular micro blogging site.After several requests ,Chitrangda is the latest to Join Twitterville, taking the brevity route to connect with her fans and well wishers responding live ,much to everyone's delight.The actress who will next be seen in Sudhir Mishra's Inkaar posted her first message on the micro-blogging website yesterday and boldly chose the subject of the Delhi gang rape.Chitrangda wrote \"Is there any book called \" the confessions of a rapist\" .. I really want to read up on these animals !!!\"....Adding \"After what happens in Delhi ..we line up playboy bunnies in Bombay ..hmm..\"Never the one to disappoint her well wishers ,Chitrangda plans on using the site as a platform to communicate with all her fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17736221", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Some turn violent, others stay peaceful", "text": "NEW DELHI: The fight for justice for Nirbhaya, as TOI has symbolically named the woman gang-raped on Sunday, took a violent turn as protesters and police clashed at India Gate repeatedly. But as the rowdy elements took to vandalism, breaching security and entering into brawls with cops, many others who had come to central Delhi from all over the city were for expressing the discontent peacefully. A clear disconnect was visible among the peaceful protestors and the few violent elements.A group of around 300 protesters who had connected on social networking sites had congregated at Amar Jawan Jyoti at 9am. Despite being lathi-charged by cops in the morning, they returned to camp at the Ashoka Road intersection. \"Ours is a silent protest and we think that justice can't be handed in one day. The problem will not be solved overnight by hanging the rapists. Rather, we need to get to the bottom of why the incident happened and authorities need to wake up for long-term measures to ensure women safety. Shouting slogans and breaking police barricades won't help but definitely people need to visibly register their outrage,\" said Dr Pundreek Semwal, one of these protesters.\"It is easy to call the rapists animals and disassociate from them but these people emerge from our own neighbourhoods. We need to self-reflect,\" he added.A Panipat-based advocate had started a signature campaign at India Gate. \"Leave facebook, come out,\" read a sign. \"Are we proud to be Indians even as no one is secured to walk freely on roads? Is it just a matter of talk in newspapers? No, it has to come out. Break the walls, break the silence,\" read another.However, these peaceful protests soon turned ugly when several rowdy groups entered the India Gate C-hexagon around 11am. It began with a group stopping general traffic on the India Gate roundabout. As police tried to remove the protesters, they jumped on DTC buses and screamed nationalist slogans. A couple of protesters even broke the windows of a police vehicle, even as other protesters pleaded with them to stop.\"We are here for ahimsa and for protection against rapists and sex crimes. We won't get justice like this. We were here on Saturday as well, till 8pm. Police are there to protect us, what is the point in turning violent against them?\" said G Sneha, a 21-year-old engineering student.As some protesters tried to breach barricades around Rashtrapati Bhavan, cops lobbed teargas shells indiscriminately, injuring schoolgirls and older women.As the protest steadily grew more violent, no amount of security, lathis and teargas shells could pacify it. The wave of protests steadily grew angrier, and a section of the crowd took to extreme measures and resorted to vandalism. As cops used teargas, some protesters picked up the burning shells and threw them back at police personnel to a general cheering of the crowd. While in the morning, the protesters got into verbal brawls with cops, by the evening it had turned into violent clashes.Protesters broke the barricades set up for Republic Day, snatched the lathis from cops, vandalized police vans and also set dustbins on fire. While some believed that the unruly elements were hijacking a just cause, others said the anger was justified.Abhinav Chauhan, a resident of Ghaziabad who was hurt during a lathicharge, said, \"Are they following the law that they are asking us to follow it as well? I do not agree with violence, but what do you do when no one hears you.\"Meanwhile, others disagreed. \"This kind of violence is not going to help. We have stayed at Rashtrapati Bhavan all night and what these vandals are doing is wrong and just counter-productive to the mass movement,\" said Niharika Chikara, a civil services aspirant.Others said the government needed to see a strong united front asking for clear laws. \"Policy and advocacy is also our responsibility, and if the government is not doing anything than we have to put pressure on it as that's how a democracy works. Something has to be done to instill fear in the minds of the rapists,\" said 24-year-old Trina Datta, a financial consultant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17736749", "title": "Police take no pride in serving at women's protection unit, allege NGOs", "text": "PANAJI: With officers deputed to the state's lone women and child protection unit (WCPU) at Panaji taking no pride in their posting or their work and viewing the transfer as a punishment posting, the unit's efficiency has dropped drastically.When TOI visited the WCPU on Saturday night there were only two police constables on duty.NGOs that have taken women and child victims to the police station intending to file complaints have been met with little sympathy, no professionalism and no staff willing to file a first information report (FIR).Nishtha Desai, director of NGO, Children's Rights in Goa, told TOI, \"When we have taken victims to the WCPU in Panaji they have told us to go to the regular police station concerned.\" Even calling on the WCPU helpline doesn't yield results and NGOs said callers are merely directed to the concerned police station.\"Officers deputed to WCPU should feel a sense of pride that they have been entrusted with such an important job. Unfortunately, WCPU is viewed as a punishment posting,\" Desai said.Speaking to TOI, Sabina Martins, founder member of Bailancho Saad, said, \"The WCPU is totally defunct. There is no staff, no infrastructure and powers of the officers have been curtailed. Police posted at WCPU are not registering cases.\" Bailancho Saad is an organization fighting for the rights of women in the state.As the unit does not register any cases, it conducts no investigations and hence has no record of convictions. Martins said WCPU, set up to provide justice for the women and children, has turned into a counseling centre, which is otherwise a job for experts to handle.Martins added that there is no political will in Goa to strengthen the WCPU. Bailancho Saad demanded that the unit be strengthened with additional staff trained to register offences and investigate cases. \"Top police officers have instructed the staff of the women and children police station not to register any complaint at the police station,\" Martins said.Desai said the WCPU is not functioning in accordance with the standing orders issued at the time of its establishment. The unit was meant to stay open 24x7, to handle cases of offences committed against women and children and to maintain a data base of such cases registered.\"There is a need to ensure that the unit caters to the needs of victims. This requires political will and budgetary allocation on the part of the government,\" Desai said.NGOs have also demanded that officers with aptitude and appropriate training and orientation be designated as \"juvenile or the child welfare officer\" at every police station to handle children.INFOBOXWomen helpline: 1091Child helpline: 1098Sanctioned strength of WCPU: 20, including 1 police inspector (PI), 2 police sub inspector (PSI), 1 assistance police sub inspector (ASI), 4 head constables (HC), 12 police constable (PC)Present strength of WCPU: 1 PI, 2 PSI, 5 lady HC, 5 lady PC, 2 PC, 1 driver and 1 home guardRape cases registered in Goa in 2012: 40", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17737828", "title": "Churches ready to welcome Christmas", "text": "AURANGABAD: Out of the six churches located in the city, there are two that are around 150 years old. \"The three churches had been set up in the British era for missionaries and served different purposes during tha time,\" said Madhukar Kasab, bishop of the Marathwada churches here.The Christ church, the Trinity church and the St. Philip's church are among the oldest churches in the city, out of which Trinity church dates back to more than 160 years becoming the oldest in the city.The Christ church and Philip church are close to 150 years and stand from British era.\"Many more churches that have been constructed in recent years, there are now around 200 churches in the Marathwada region,\" said Kasab.Midnight masses, prayers and carol singing will be held at all the churches spread across the city. \"All the preparations and decorations are now done and the carol singing will start by 11pm. The midnight mass will be followed by cake cutting, distributing gifts, serving tea and other joyous activities,\" he said.Various programmes to mark the celebration will be held throughout the day, Kasab added.\"New clothes would be distributed in the church premises and blankets will be provided for the poor,\" said father Michael Francis of the St. Francis church.Father Francis said that house cleaning, decorations and new clothes were bought on this day to cleanse the souls and welcome lord Jesus into the hearts of people for his spirituality.Spiritual cleaning was done through confession and forgiveness, said Reverend Shanti Mitra, who heads church Trinity, the oldest church in the city. \"The church used to be called the 'garrisons' church once upon a time and was attended by the British troops. It was very popular in those days and had beautiful landscapes in its premises. The church was closed for a brief period of time after independence and was revived later on,\" Mitra said.Churches also used to serve as medical camps to provide aid for soldiers and British colonies in the British era.\"A church is a group of people worshipping the lord with the help of the Holy Spirit in the name of Christ. A construction or a building is not necessary, a group of people addressing is called a church,\" explained Mitra.Mitra said that previously the Christmas was celebrated by singing carols and worshipping the lord; houses visits were held to read the Bible to spread the message of Jesus. However, now days, Christmas is more about sharing and giving to the needy and spreading happiness.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "17736771", "title": "Egypt votes 'yes' for statute", "text": "CAIRO: Egypt's ruling Muslim Brotherhood on Sunday claimed a referendum victory for a draft constitution with an Islamist-tilt, but the largely secular opposition cried foul over the result, terming it an attempt to \"steal the people's future\" and vowing to challenge it to the last.The second round of referendum vote appeared to have tilted the scale in favour of the constitution drawn by an Islamist-dominated parliament, with a preliminary tally of the vote showing 64% 'yes' votes as against 36% against it, according to the state media.Though the official result of the referendum is not expected until Monday, the Muslim Brotherhood led by President Mohamed Morsi claimed that over 71% of the voters cast a 'yes' ballot for the charter on Saturday in the second and final round of voting after a narrower 56.5% 'yes' vote in the first round last week.The opposition that had raised allegations of widespread irregularities after the first round of vote on December 15, again claimed the vote was won by fraud.The National Salvation Front (NSF), a coalition of Egypt's mostly secular opposition that has been pitted against the Islamists, pledged to appeal the result.\"We're going to challenge this in the courts, we're going to challenge this on the streets, we're going to challenge this until we die, because we cannot recognize this wide attempt to steal the people's future,\" Ahmed Hawary, a spokesperson for the NSF, was quoted as saying by Al Jazeera.In a statement, the NSF said it would file documentation related to the fraud allegations with the country's electoral commission before the announcement of final results. The opposition said violations like polling stations opening late and Islamists seeking to influence voters took place in the second round of referendum.The opposition sees the Islamist-backed draft constitution as being loaded with their agenda and has expressed concern that it ignores the rights of Egypt's Christians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17737447", "title": "Sevaks bring ray of hope to rural Gujaratis", "text": "VADODARA: This group of 31 people from rural Gujarat call themselves 'Sevaks' named after a pilot project of the same name, which is making a difference to the lives of over 20,000 villagers in 26 villages of Gujarat.A collaboration between Vadodara-based NGO Bhartiya Sewa Samaj and three doctors from the American Association of Physicians of Indian Origin (AAPIO), the project is helping villagers in early detection of lifestyle diseases such as diabetes and hypertension and their monitoring and treatment.On Sunday, 26 volunteers\u00e2\u20ac\u201done each from the 26 districts of Gujarat\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand six coordinators met two doctors of AAPIO, Thakor G Patel and Ranjeeta Misra to give their annual report of data collection and intervention in the city. The report showed that a large number of patients did not even know they were harbouring such life-threatening conditions in their body.\"Sevak project is an excellent model for screening diseases and lifestyle modification in rural India. Such a model can be replicated anywhere and can help alleviate the shortage of doctors for early identification of diseases and subsequent education and monitoring. In addition, rural population would also develop awareness about their health and would stay on jobs by staying healthy,\" said Dr Patel ,a former US Navy veteran.The project also includes a demographic survey of the rural population with parameters like health, education, access to basic amenities and hygienic conditions, which can help policy makers to make direct and immediate intervention for improving he quality of life in these villages.The 'sevaks' were trained by the doctors to take readings of BP and recognize symptoms of diabetes by reaching out to every resident of their village. They are not allowed to make any prescription or hand out drugs. The volunteers are paid stipends from the donations that Dr Patel raises in US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17736458", "title": "Tiljala tense over gang rivalry", "text": "KOLKATA: A group of locals, on the lookout for some youths involved in illegal construction, raided the Tiljala area on Sunday and opened fire to scare away the residents. The group was allegedly led by some people close to a Trinamool Congress leader. Gang war over real estate kept the police at Tiljala busy on Sunday after a group of armed miscreants, on the lookout for some local youths involved in illegal construction, barged into the area and reportedly opened fire to scare away people. The gang was allegedly led by some people close to a Trinamool leader. Later, Trinamool supporters demonstrated in front of Tiljala police station demanding the arrest of youths like Pappu and Zulkar of Gulshan Colony for their alleged involvement in illegal construction.Minister Javed Khan claimed some promoters were involved in illegal construction on wetland in the area. Police remained tight-lipped on the issue. \"On Saturday, they hurled bombs in the area to scare away the locals. On Sunday, the locals hit the streets demanding their arrest,\" he said. However, Zulkar denied the charges. Police remained tight-lipped on the issue.Gang war over real estate issues rocked Tiljala area on Sunday. Locals at Gulshan Colony off EM Bypass near Pachannagram have alleged that the trouble broke out since Saturday night. A gang of armed miscreants barged into the area and hurled bombs indiscriminately. \"They even opened fire on air to scare people,\" said a local who did not disclose his identity fearing further attack.He said that the gang was led by the son of a Trinamool leader who happens to be a minister in state cabinet. \"They were looking for some local youths who are small time realtors,\" said the local. Locals claimed that all the youths for whom the miscreants were looking for are close to Trinamool Congress. Later Trinamool Congress supporters known as the followers of the minister demonstrated in front of Tiljala police station demanding arrest of the youths like Pappu, Zulkar who fled from Gulshan Colony. A complaint was also lodged against ten youths including Zulkar and Pappu.Javed Khan, state fire services minister claimed that a group of promoters have been building illegal constructions on wetland. \"Two building even tilted. I for long told them to stop such work. Yesterday the developers engaged some criminals who hurled bombs to scare locals. In protest local women came out on roads and put up a road blockades demanding immediate arrest of the promoters. Khan also denied involvement of his son in the clash.One of the accused promoter Zulkar however denied all the allegations made by Javed Khan. Over phone he told that his men were not involved in hurling bombs. \"Miscreants close to the minister ransacked our houses, set fire on my two motorcycles and also ransacked a marriage hall - SB Marriage Hall,\" alleged Zulkar.Police however remained silent over the entire issue. DC SED Champak Bhattacharya did not respond when he was tried to be contacted over phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17736770", "title": "Nurse's family wants answers, writes to hospital, radio station", "text": "LONDON: The family of an Indian nurse who was found dead after being caught in a royal prank call has written to the British hospital that employed her, demanding answers to questions surrounding the incident and her condition before her death.The grieving family has assembled a set of 60 questions which they have posed to the hospital as well as to the parent company of the Australian radio station that played the prank.The letters were sent by Labour MP Keith Vaz , who is acting as a spokesman for the family at their request, with some of the questions suggesting the hospital may not have taken extra security measures during the stay of a pregnant Kate Middleton , the Daily Mail reported .\"Was there any indication that Jacintha was under increased pressure or stress in the weeks preceding her death?\" asks the family in one of the questions.A question also suggests that the nurse may have been involved in a dispute with a colleague a few weeks before the Duchess was admitted while another implies that the 46-year-old may have been 'spoken to' by the hospital's matron on phone a day after the prank call.Saldanha's body was discovered on December 7, and the notes left by her suggested that she may have been under pressure after she fell for the prank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17737831", "title": "PhD Entrance Test results put on hold", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad bench of Bombay high court on Friday directed Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University (BAMU) to not put out the final list of PhD Entrance Test (PET) results till January 16, 20l3.The exams were held on December 9 and the results were to be declared by December 31. The decision comes after three persons who had been declared eligible in the PET examination held in 2009 filed a writ petition against the university. Two had applied for PhD in geography while the third had applied for PhD in political science.Vice-chancellor Vijay Pandharipande said, \"I am not aware of the details, we will read the judgment and will put the case to the court , accordingly. The university has decided to allow students who have passed the PET in 2009 be given direct entry to present topics in front of Research Recognition Committee (RRC). No injustice has been done to any student.\"Pandharipande said that all the university has followed all the UGC guidelines and a committee has been constituted to address the grievances of such cases.Records for 2011-12 show that there were 107 vacancies for political science of which only 70 were filled up and 21 advertised. Geography had 29 seats vacant of which only 21 were advertised and not filled up.The students, Sandeep Pathirkar (geography), Vaijinath Mhaske (geography) and Pathan Karbhari (political science) were not admitted for the PhD course work in spite of passing the eligibility criteria of more than 50% marks and there being availability.\"The petition was filed in May by the students when their demands were not fulfilled and the university declared fresh examinations for the same,\" said Raghavendra Bharaswadkar, lawyer at high court.The university has not submitted an affidavit in reply to the court till date. Moreover, the university has flouted the University Grants Commission (UGC) guidelines issued for conducting the entrance examination.\"The UGC (Minimum Standards and Procedures for Awards of M.Phil/PhD Degree) Regulation, 2009, states that the university needs to apply to all other universities before conducting the examinations, \"Bharaswadkar said. Regulations nos 7, 8,9,11 and 12 have been violated by the university, he added.Moreover, the guidelines suggest to lay down and decide on annual basis, a predetermined and manageable number of M.Phil and doctoral students depending upon the number of eligible faculty supervisors. A supervisor shall not have, at any given point of time, more than eight PhD scholars and five M.Phil Scholars.However, the university was supposed to declare the number of available seats and faculties before conducting the exam, this has not been followed and were declared after the application process was over, he said.The university later declared dates for new PET exam on April, 1, 2011 for which the closing date was April 15, 2011.The admittance of students was pending since 2010. \"The university should have allowed the students for course work if there were vacancies and not conducted fresh examinations as the UGC rule says predetermined students. According to these norms, these students are counted, \"Bharaswadkar said.He added, \"It was the duty of the university to publish the number of vacant seats and research guides well in advance, however it did not publish the advertisement until May, 1, after the application process was over. The university should have published this advertisement in the year 2010.\"Pathrikar said, \"We had approached the Higher and Higher Technical Education minister, Rajesh Tope addressing the issue for which he had directed the vice chancellor, Vijay Pandharipande to allow students.\"\"The Maharashtra University Act, 1994, guidelines constitute directions from education ministry to be abided by the university administration,\" Bharaswadkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17737908", "title": "Do girl students feel safe in Delhi?", "text": "Do girl students feel safe in Delhi? Aaditi Isaac and Vatsala Shrangi find outVartika Goel, a final year CA student, has to attend classes between 6am and 9:30pm. \"Early mornings and late nights are especially tricky, when the roads are relatively empty. Even autos are not a safe option at that time,\" says Vartika.In view of the recent gangrape of a 23-year-old student in the Capital, more and more students have come forward to express their anger and outrage, which ranges from political indifference to the absence of gender-sensitive cells in colleges and universities.As Vartika points out, it is difficult to change a patriarchal mind-set where even respecting the boundaries of a 'ladies' metro coach seems to be an uphill task.In terms of law and order, students agree with Vartika to say that the laws relating to rape need to be strengthened and widened to include brutal violence, violation, and any kind of physical assault, psychological abuse, etc. The law should have stricter punishment for the crime to act as a deterrent.\"More women officers should be appointed to handle rape-FIRs and men officers should be more respectful in dealing with the same. All matters should be reported on priority basis and processes without delay. The city should have more patrolling and surveillance cameras,\" she adds.Meanwhile, students of Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) and Delhi University (DU) staged a number of protests in different parts of the city. Students took to the streets holding placards and demanding immediate redressal of the case.Agnitra Ghosh, a PhD student of cinema studies from School of Arts and Aesthetics, JNU, feels that though the campus is relatively safe with an active gender-sensitive cell in place, harassment cases are still reported.\"Cases like the recent gangrape have to be dealt with urgently. We need to bring about preventive mechanisms rather than wait for such instances to wake us up. The government should take greater responsibility in such matters. Issues such as why the girl boarded a private bus, why did she go out late at night, etc, are not the questions to be raised, as women must have the freedom to make their own choices ,\" says Agnitra.Pratibha Alagh, a final-year sociology (Hons) student of Lady Shri Ram ( LSR) College, Delhi University, is disturbed since she heard about the incident. She feels insecure moving out of home and has started avoiding venturing out late at night.\"Fear has become a part of our lives. No matter what measures are taken, no place is completely safe and so women have to take charge of their own safety. There are students in my class who commute from farflung areas to college on a daily basis. It is absolutely unsafe to travel such long distances with poor vigilance. In order to make sure we are safe, I feel measures such as moving in groups, keeping a person at home informed about one's whereabouts can be useful. Also, while travelling late at night, one should note down and text the number of the vehicle to someone who is expecting them,\" says Pratibha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17736553", "title": "Juniors give a 'clean' lesson", "text": "KOCHI: Here's a case of seniors learning from juniors a lesson in cleanliness. The board, 'Ensure a Litter Free Campus', placed in the corridor at TocH Public School, is usually ignored by senior students, who would pick up plastic carry bags lying around only if prompted by teachers.According to the principal, the little children are better at dumping paper waste lying on the floor in their classrooms into the bin and keeping the premises clean. \"The juniors take pride in keeping their school clean. On the other hand, it is a little difficult get senior students to do the job. But I want to ensure that every child in the school makes a conscious effort to keep the surroundings clean. They should do this naturally, without any fear or pressure,\" said TocH Public School principal N M George .The school aims is to ensure that students consciously make an effort to keep their school surroundings and city clean. Every child is encouraged to pick up waste in the school campus, home or road and drop it in a waste bin.\"The very purpose is to develop a healthy attitude for a clean environment. We want to develop a culture of keeping the city clean. Once they learn to keep their school clean, they will keep their homes clean and be committed to keeping the city clean Our final aim is to ensure that each and every student commits to keeping the city clean,\" said George.To further this goal, the school's environment club has introduced a 'Clean Class' accreditation system for classes to keep their classrooms neat and free of litter. The club started this project in September. A team from the club would inspect each classroom every week. \"So far, only standard I and standard XII classes have won accreditation,\" said George. This accreditation is only valid for 30 days.\"Our club members move around the campus during the recess time and emphasize the need to keep our surroundings clean. They pick up waste lying in the campus and encourage other students to do the same. This will ensure that we have a neat and clean campus,\" added environment club in-charge Jyothi S Kilkar.(Do you have an innovation in your school that is worth emulating? If so, mail us at timesreporters@gmail.com).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17736363", "title": "Catholics and Protestants take out joint procession", "text": "UJJAIN: In a welcome move, people belonging to Catholic and Protestant communities, after a gap of six years, took out a joint procession as part of Christmas celebration in Ujjain on Sunday.Over 1500 inmates from both the communities participated in the endeavour, aimed at sending the message of unity in the society. Catholic people began the march from Maria Nagar and Protestant inmates joined it from Masih Mandir, located on Dewas Road.Bishop Sebastian Vadakel and pastor Gurudutt led the procession that passed through Freeganj, Tower Chowk and culminated at the Catholic Church with a speech from the Bishop.Father Sebastian Pullat told TOI that Jesus delivered message of brotherhood, unity and peace for the human being. The joint march was organized to strengthen harmony among various disciples.Bishop Vadakel said, \"Christmas is the occasion to win over bad feelings, disillusion, distraction and darkness. The God in the form of Jesus is with us, every moment, all through the life, he exhorts us to do good . Diocese PRO Father Anthony Nirappel and Father Anthony Pullikyamandpam were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17741563", "title": "Good, bad and ugly for Indian football in 2012", "text": "NEW DELHI: From triumph to tribulation, Indian football experienced the good, bad and ugly in equal measure in 2012, but the event that undoubtedly hogged the limelight was the visit by a legendary club from the faraway Bavarian region in Germany.If completing a hat-trick of Nehru Cup title wins at home was a positive development, the disastrous campaign in the AFC Challenge Cup in Nepal let the fans down.Ugly was the violence-ridden I-League derby between East Bengal and Mohun Bagan, which had to be called off after the latter refused to play citing security reasons. Mohun Bagan could be slapped with a ban, but a decision is awaited.The future, though, augurs well given the under-22 side's showing in the AFC Championship qualifying tournament, in which it defeated Lebanon and Turkmenistan apart from drawing UAE.It wasn't a good beginning for the senior team as it endured a spate of defeats in the AFC tournament, losing all their matches.Lack of international friendlies on FIFA dates did not help India's cause as they slipped to 169 in September -- their lowest-ever rankings in recent years. Stress should be given on organising more international friendlies on FIFA dates in order to help India improve their rankings.The Nehru Cup triumph was commendable, but it did not help as far as improvement in rankings was concerned. The matches were not played on FIFA dates and the team sent by Cameroon was a second-string one. The one Syria fielded, was also not full-strength either.As far as individuals were concerned, Sunil Chhetri and Syed Rahim Nabi were the two players who captured the imagination of the fans over the last 12 months.In an inspirational move for Indian football, which has long struggled to make its presence felt on the world stage, Chhetri signed up with Sporting Lisbon, the legendary Portuguese club that has given the world the likes of Luis Figo, Cristiano Ronaldo and Nani.Towards the end, Nabi was named the AIFF player of the year, a fitting reward for a tireless worker who had long established himself as the one who can play in any position.Making a comeback to the side after almost a one-year layoff, Subrata Paul's performance under the bar in the Nehru Cup, too, deserves mention.Another important development was the appointment of Dutchman Wim Koevermans as the national team coach, almost a year after Bob Houghton's ouster.World football's governing FIFA signing a pact with the All Indian Football Federation to develop and promote the sport in India, was also a positive development.Aiming to raise the profile of the sport in the country, the AIFF also bid for hosting the Under-17 World Cup in 2017, which is also a part of FIFA's promotional programmes in the country.However, it was Bayern Munich's arrival that remained the talk of the town for some time.Amid much fanfare, the German club touched down at the capital to play against the national team in former India skipper Bhaichung Bhutia's farewell match at the Jawaharlal Nehru stadium in January.Eight months later, in the same venue, the national team triumphed for the third time in a row in the Nehru Cup, as it defeated a much higher-ranked Cameroon in a thrilling final that went down to the tie-breaker.Football enthusiasts were seen tiptoeing across the stadium to get tickets on both occasions, though the numbers were expectedly far greater for the Bayern match on January 10, reflecting the Indians' fascination for international stars.Bayern had the big names in abundance -- Arjen Robben, Philipp Lahm, Thomas Mueller, Bastian Schweinsteiger and Franck Ribery to name a few. And those present at the floodlit JLN lapped up all gleefully.It was a lifetime opportunity for football fans and young players to watch India and a full-strength Bayern Munich team on the same platform.As Bhutia himself put it later, it was something that \"doesn't happen often in Indian sports\".The hooplah around the exhibition match was appropriate as Bayern is undoubtedly the most successful club in Germany having won an unprecedented 21 Bundesliga titles.Their stay created a never-seen-before buzz in the Capital and the entire nation watched with bated breadth some of the world's best footballers weaving their magic.Just like with Argentine wunderkind Lionel Messi's three-day stay in Kolkata the year before, the aficionados of Indian football saw the Bayern event as a platform designed to give the sport's profile a boost in the sub-continent.The high-profile event generated widespread excitement and managed to rake in the moolah from broadcasters and sponsors.And what was even more appropriate was that the proceeds of the match went to the victims of the devastating earthquake that rocked Sikkim last September.On the sidelines of its recently-held Annual General Meeting (AGM), the federation also effected a major reshuffle, which saw induction of three new vice-presidents as well as members from the five zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17737391", "title": "Congress MLA opposes promotion quota bill", "text": "LUCKNOW: As the plot thickens around the quota in promotion bill in New Delhi, murmurs of dissent are also beginning to be heard from within the Congress camp in Lucknow. Though many have been more careful about voicing their objections publicly, in a worrying signal, senior party functionary and Congress MLA from Banda, Vivek Kumar Singh, has openly criticised the constitutional amendment bill providing reservation to scheduled castes and tribes in promotions in government services.Speaking to TOI, Singh said, \"If passed, the resultant law would concede double benefits to people from the scheduled caste and tribes who have already obtained jobs through reservations. This will not only be unfair but will also lead to mass unrest.\" Singh, who is also president of one of the zones of the recently restructured UP Congress committee, claimed he took the hard line after the backward and upper caste people of his constituency came out in opposition to the proposed bill. \"I am an elected representative of the people of Banda. Since the people of my constituency are opposed to this bill, I am against it too. Should this bill ever be tabled in the state assembly, I will certainly oppose it,\" he said, maintaining, however, that his views on the subject were \"personal\".Though no official word was issued to run down Singh's open criticism of the amendment bill, his open criticism sent top party functionaries into huddles at the state headquarters. Though several leaders said they were against the bill in principle, most said, however, they were unwilling to go against the high command's diktat. A senior party functionary said: \"By passing this bill, the party runs the risk of turning the upper castes, backwards and minorities -- all of whom constitute a sizeable vote bank -- against the party in a single stroke. At the grassroots, it will be difficult for us to justify the move among our vote bank.\"Meanwhile, old Congress loyalists said Singh's comments, especially when the party is being cornered by troublesome allies -- SP and BSP -- were in bad taste. A senior Lucknow-based leader said, \"This is just a sordid attempt to make headlines. He may say what he wants to as an elected representative, but as a responsible officer bearer of the Congress, his comment will spread the dissent into the areas he oversees as well. How can the party expect to build consensus when its own MLAs are opposing the issue?\"Now, the issue of public dissent is likely to be taken up again when UPCC hosts a delegate meeting of senior party functionaries on December 26. Top AICC leaders, including UP in charge Digvijay Singh , will attend the meeting to decide the party's strategy ahead of the Lok Sabha elections. This \"act of indiscipline\", a party functionary said, will be raised and discussed at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17736677", "title": "Quitting ODIs may impact Sachin Tendulkar's batting in Tests", "text": "KOLKATA: It was darkness at noon on Sunday with Sachin Tendulkar announcing his retirement from one-day international cricket, but his legion of fans can certainly take heart from the fact that it is not total eclipse as far as his career is concerned. True, they will no longer see him in 'blue', but the Little Master will continue to don the 'whites' in the game's longest format that separates men from boys.Sachin's ODI record  | Profile:  Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar | In Pics:  Sachin's one-day journeyBy calling time on his ODI career, Sachin has made it clear that he is on the final leg of a fascinating journey during which he has scaled peaks of success that no cricketer ever will.It will be hard not to miss his calculated aggression and deft placements that fetched him 18,426 runs in a staggering 463 ODIs. That no other player in the history of limited-overs cricket has influenced the result of a match significantly enough to win the MoM award 62 times is in itself a reflection of his mastery over the ball, irrespective of its colour. A bulk of his match-winning feats came in an era when India were hardly a force to reckon with in a format that was loosely described as pyjama cricket.ODI cricket will be poorer for his absence, but just about everyone knew it was coming. Plagued by injuries and fatigued by the rigours of travelling with the team, Sachin had limited his ODI appearances to a minimal in the years leading up to the 2011 World Cup. It was only his all-consuming love for the game that perhaps prevented him from making the announcement after India's crowning glory last year. Ironically, the World Cup final against Sri Lanka in Mumbai (April 2, 2011) will go down as Sachin's last ODI appearance on Indian soil.He played just 11 matches after that without his usual flourish, but still made his last ODI tournament - the Asia Cup in Dhaka - the most memorable by lashing his 100th international hundred earlier this year.Bits-and-pieces players continue to make their presence felt occasionally in limited-overs cricket, but all great players are known to make a seamless transition from one format to the other. Like all top players, Sachin too benefitted from carrying his ODI success to Test matches, and vice-versa.Now that Sachin has closed the ODI chapter, will it adversely impact his batting in Test matches? Sachin's contemporary, Ricky Ponting, for example, struggled in the final phase of his Test career after the Australian selectors froze him out of the ODIs. Ponting played just six Tests, scoring just 168 runs in this phase. Rahul Dravid could muster only 1331 runs in 22 Tests between October 2007 and August 2009, when he was ignored for the ODIs. He again struggled in Tests, post his last ODI appearance in England in 2011, to finish his career with 503 runs in his last 13 innings.South Africans Jacques Kallis and Hashim Amla and Sri Lankans Mahela Jayawardene and Kumar Sangakkara have benefitted enormously from playing both forms of the game regularly. It keeps them in touch with international cricket, and unlike Sachin, don't have to start their preparations from scratch before every series.Sachin, on the other hand, will now have the advantage of focusing only on Test cricket, which remains close to his heart. On an average, India play 8 to 12 Tests in a year which means he is only looking at 40-60 days of international cricket in a season. The veteran of 194 Tests will have to find a way to buck this trend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17737940", "title": "Punch Line: Self defence training in colleges", "text": "While university and college students have been out on the streets demanding justice for a fellow student who became the victim of a horrific gangrape in the Capital recently, Jamia Millia Islamia (JMI) is making an effort to ensure that their students know how to defend themselves.The Centre for Women's Studies of the university, along with Delhi police, has been holding self-defence training sessions for its girl students teaching them various 'punch' and 'kick' taekwondo and other techniques . The self-defence workshops are also being conducted in the two girls' schools run by the university.\"In cities like Delhi with the highest rate of crime against women, it has become imperative for educational institutions like schools and colleges to train them in self-defence . The initiative is to empower women in such a way that they feel confident enough to defend themselves,\" says Bulbul Dhar-James , director , Centre for Women's Studies, JMI.Three to four specially trained women police constables train the girls in self-defence techniques, using no weapons, rather with objects of daily use like bags, pen, mobile phone, notebooks, etc.\"We teach them reciprocal measures, which can help them react instantly to unwanted advances. They are taught how to apply presence of mind in different situations, how a right kick at the right place can help one escape trouble, how to be ready and tackle anti-social elements,\" she says. The centre is engaging in sensitisation with the police personnel to remove fear of the police. The department also plans to hold gender sensitisation sessions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741415", "title": "New nerve cell regulating heart rhythm identified", "text": "European scientists have identified a previously unknown group of nerve cells in the brain, which regulates heart rhythm and blood pressure. The discovery could pave the way for treatment of cardiovascular diseases in humans.Scientists have managed to identify in mice a previously totally unknown group of nerve cells in the brain.\"This discovery opens the possibility of a completely new way of combating cardiovascular disease\", says Jens Mittag, group leader at the Department of Cell and Molecular Biology at Karolinska Institutet, Sweden, who led the study.\"If we learn how to control these neurons, we will be able to treat certain cardiovascular problems like hypertension through the brain,\" adds Mittag, the Journal of Clinical Investigation reports.These nerve cells, called neurons, develop in the brain with the aid of thyroid hormone, produced in the thyroid gland, according to a Karolinska statement.Patients in whom the function of the thyroid gland is disturbed and who, therefore, produce too much or too little thyroid hormone, thus risk developing problems with these nerve cells. This, in turn, has an effect on the function of the heart, leading to cardiovascular disease.It is well-known that patients with untreated hyperthyroidism (too high a production of thyroid hormone) or hypothyroidism (too low production) often develop heart problems.It has previously been believed that this was solely a result of the hormone affecting the heart directly. The new study, however, shows that thyroid hormone also affects the heart indirectly, through the newly discovered neurons.This is, however, still far in the future. A more immediate conclusion is that it is of utmost importance to identify and treat pregnant women with hypothyroidism, since their low level of thyroid hormone may harm the production of these neurons in the foetus, and this may in the long run cause cardiovascular disorders in the offspring.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17736429", "title": "What's in a name?", "text": "MUMBAI: Rituparna and Rituparno. The difference is of just that one alphabet, did you say? That's what the anchor at Ficci's Media Entertainment Business Conclave may have thought. She introduced Rituparna Sengupta with an O and Rituparno Ghosh with an A. While the audience gently laughed at her fumbling over the similar-sounding names, the filmmaker firmly set the facts right. \"Much as I would like to be a woman, I'm not Rituparna - she is, an actor. I'm Rituparno, a director.\"Comedy of errorsThe Fimeet marked 100 years of Indian cinema by felicitating three stalwarts from Bengal - Mrinal Sen, Soumitra Chatterjee and Madhabi Mukherjee. But by the time they were called on the stage, convener Prosenjit had left as he had a flight to catch. Jeet was called to step into his shoes. He handed over the trophy to Hasanul Haq Inu, Bangladesh minister for information and culture - and shook his hand. Inu thought the trophy was for him. When the anchor mentioned the trophy was for Sen, Jeet - by then holding the second trophy - handed it to the veteran director.When the third trophy came on the stage, and Dev was called upon to felicitate Chatterjee, none of the flashbulbs could miss the photo-op. The anchor quietly used the moment to retrieve the first trophy from Inu so that Madhabi Mukherjee could be handed hers - by Koel Mullick!After the vigilIt was a poignant evening. Young girls and boys walked side by side, candles flickering as darkness engulfed the Maidan, to protest the bestiality on the rape survivor still struggling to return to life. So deep was the empathy that many amongst the thousands said they didn't feel safe even when they walked past the Planetarium or down Cathedral Road.The walk ended. The traffic jam thinned. The young girls and boys dispersed, in groups or pairs. Some of them turned into the Nandan complex that was gaily decorated with festoons and lights, posters and cutouts - for Christmas and more, for the Children's Film Festival being hosted by the WB Shishu Kishore Academy. The girls then took turns to stand next to 'Chhota Bheem' or 'I Am Kalam' while their friends kept clicking their photographs.One for the album, this was.Art of defenceOn Sunday, while Delhi continued to reel under protests against the gruesome rape of a youngster a week ago, there were some women closer to Kolkata, busy honing their skills to defend themselves against attackers. Many of them performed exceptionally well at the annual tournament organised by the Uttarpara Martial Arts Club (UMAC). Many of these women are mothers who have enrolled along with their children. Some of them not only attend the same practice sessions as their sons and daughters but also seek private training at home from instructors, such is their zeal to learn self defence techniques. For people living in Uttarpara and surroundings, there can be few places like UMAC to receive training. Several members of this club, run by Sensei Somnath Chatterjee , are national and international champions. \"This is a great way of staying fit and also helps me remain prepared for any trouble. It also helps in better bonding with my son,\" smiled one mother who went on to win a medal at the tournament.The human side of the bardFor years, we have celebrated and worshipped Tagore for his poems, songs and above all, philosophy of life. There was a time when everything Tagore remained confined to whatever little Visva Bharati allowed us to probe. Even talking about his amorous relationship with sister-in-law Kadambari Devi was taboo. But not anymore. Today researchers are trying to study the human side of the bard, complete with its follies and illicit relationships. One of the products of such research was Ranjan Bandyopadhyay's earlier work, Kadambari Devi's suicide note, which has spanned the bestselling list for more than a year now. This has enthused the writer to write his 'Rabi Ranur Adorer Daag', published by Patra Bharati. He delves deep into the abyss of love that bonded the 58-year-old Tagore and the 12-year-old Ranu. He puts together this story between the two disparate lovers, sometimes weaving together the letters that they wrote to each other and sometimes from their memoirs that spanned Santiniketan, Jorasanko and the pine shaded dales of Shillong. For six years, the two weaved magic around each other, only to be separated as fate had destined. Ranu had to get married, but did that end the relationship? Read what she had to say to her lover bard in this \"last letter\" she wrote to him.Classical concert", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "amdanga", "code": "17736344", "title": "Violence broke out during school managing committee election", "text": "Amdanga: Even Sunday is no off-day for trouble in Bengal's schools. Violence broke out during the managing committee election at Adhata High School in Amdanga, triggering a blockade of NH-34, the lifeline to five districts.Violence in schools dominated headlines all week as failed students, aided by political toughs, went on the warpath demanding to be allowed to take the higher secondary exam. There was trouble at some schools even on Saturday.On Sunday, bombs flew on campus as CPM and Trinamool supporters clashed for control of the managing committee of a nondescript school almost 40km from the city centre. Though no one was injured, CPM supporters regrouped some 2km from the school to block the highway.Trouble started around 12.30pm when Trinamool supporters allegedly manhandled CPM polling agents and tried to capture the CPM polling booth. Within minutes, bombs were being hurled\"TMC backed goons ransacked the office of our polling agent and tried to influence voters. When CPM supporters resisted, they were attacked by armed goons,\" alleged CPM leader Amitava Nandi. Refuting the charges, local Trinamool leader Bhudeb Banerjee accused the CPM of hurling bombs. \"CPM had called in some outsiders to create trouble. They beat up our polling agent,\" said Banerjee.Witnesses say that policemen deployed for the election did nothing to stop the clash. \"They remained mute spectators as the goons had a free run,\" said a voter.CPM, Trinamool and Congress have fielded candidates for the six-member committee.After a one-and-a-half-hour disruption, the election was conducted under heavy police security. Trinamool-nominated candidates won the election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17739839", "title": "Ronnie Wood wants baby", "text": "Veteran singer Ronnie Wood, who wed for the third time to Sally Humphries, wants to have a baby.Wood, 65, married Humphries, 34, after Friday.\"Sally has always wanted to have children and thinks Ronnie will be a great dad to them now he's settled down,\" contactmusic.com quoted a source as saying.\"They have enjoyed being by themselves and have a real laugh but a baby is something they both really want in the near future,\" added the source.Wood, who has four grown-up children from his first two marriages, has been inspired by his two best men Rod Stewart, 67, and Sir Paul McCartney, 70, who both have young children.\"Ronnie thinks the world of Rod and they spend a lot of time together. There isn't really any pressure to have kids but it seems like the natural thing to do. The feeling is that if Rod can do it, so can Ronnie,\" said the source.The couple, who was dating for six months, secretly tied the knot at the Dorchester Hotel, here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17738472", "title": "7th international Odissi festival begins", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state capital witnessed one of the biggest confluences of Odissi dancers ever during the 7th international Odissi festival that kicked off here on Sunday. The festival started with an enthralling performance by veteran dancer Sonal Mansingh.Organized by the Odisha Tourism and Culture Department in association with the Guru Kelucharan Mohapatra Odissi Research Centre, the five-day festival will have around 398 Odissi dancers and 300 musicians from across the globe.\"The main objective of the festival is to bring the legendary, established, senior and young talented Odissi dancers in to one platform in order to facilitate interaction and enrich the different aspects of the dance form,\" tourism and culture secretary Ashok Tripathy said.The festival will have 70 solo performances, 14 duet and 20 group performances. On the inaugural day, there were at least five solo performances by established dancers and two group performances and one duet, while the second day will just have performances by foreign dancers from 10 am to 2 pm.Veteran Odissi exponents like Sonal Mansingh, Illeana Citaristi, Kumkum Mohanty, Kumkum Lal, Madhavi Mudgal, Minati Mishra, Alok Kanungo, Durga Charan Ranbir, Ramani Ranjan Jena, Minali Mishra, Kiran Sehgal and Ranjana Gauhar are scheduled to perform during the festival.International dancers participating in the fest included Jyoti Rout, Saranya Mukhopadhaya, Nandita Behera, Gargi Chattopadhyay, Shipra Meherhotra, Shivani Kanungo, Amenda Geroy and others from the US, Maria Lora Valdez from Peru, Angelina Ukhanova and Eleonora Ukhanova from Russia and Masako Uno, Yukie Sato, Eiko Shinohara and Sachico Murakami of Japan, and Vinod Kevin Bachan from the West Indies.\"From the schedule, it becomes evident that Odissi has reached far off places and countries. The festival will also provide a unique learning platform for young artists from seniors,\" said Guru Ramahari Das, chief executive of the Guru Kelucharan Mohapatra Odissi Research Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17737475", "title": "Christmas cake best mixed at home", "text": "LUCKNOW: As dawn breaks, some men begin their work the foggy weather and winter chill notwithstanding. They light an earthen oven and get busy with the task of sweetening the festival. They start in the early hours of morning to help many follow the tradition of getting their Christmas cake ready by providing ingredients to bakeries.If you talk to Christian families about the oldest bakeries in the city, they are all likely to name the same bakery on Latouche Road. Set up in 1922, it was started by Charles Moses who worked as a confectioner in an English firm at Ashok Marg. For Christian families across the city, Christmas is incomplete without cake baked in this bakery. Run by four grandsons of Charles Moses, the bakery sticks to its tradition.If you have to get your cake baked here, the first step is to book a date. As the bakery serves at least 15 families a day during the season, you will have to wait a minimum of three hours in queue. \"For families, waiting for their turn it is like coming together on a picnic. They get the chance to meet friends they have not seen for a long time. They share gossip over a cup of tea,\" said Kenneth Moses a grandson of Charles Moses.Being one of the oldest bakeries of the city, it has been serving cakes to generation of many families. The family of Joseph Leo an adviser in an insurance company has always preferred this bakery. \"We first spend hours in the market in purchasing the right ingredients for the cakes and then we wait at the bakery while our cake is getting baked. On Saturday, our entire day passed at the bakery,\" said Leo. He added that the bakery is their first and last choice always because it offers cakes of best quality and taste.On being asked why he was not tempted by the mouth-watering readymade cakes available in the branded bakery shops, Leo said, \"The spirit of Christmas is not achieved when it is purchased from a bakery. We enjoy going with family to the market to get ingredients or the moment when right in front of us, the cake is popped in to an oven for its about three hours of baking.\"Similar is the picture of a bakery at Lalbagh which was set up in 1940s. Daniel Malcob, a businessman who was waiting with his family while the cakes were getting baked said, \"In my family, all elders have come here for the Christmas cake and I am following suit. The bakery staff knows our taste and we know their quality.\" When asked why Malcob a resident of Indiranagar does not get his cake baked from a neighbourhood bakery, he says, \"It's our Christmas cake and we cannot take a risk.\"Christmas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17735753", "title": "Ahmedabad woman, daughter kill Mumbai stockbroker, cut him into 17 pieces", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A woman and her daughter from the Maninagar area of Ahmedabad ended the life of a Mumbai stockbroker - with whom both were having an affair - cutting him 17 times, to annex his Rs 17 crore property. Mukti Shah, from the western Mumbai suburb of Kandivli, was found dead in the Anand district of Gujarat on December 12. The 52-year-old woman and her 30-year-old daughter, who were arrested by the Anand police on Friday, have confessed to committing the murder.Shah was killed near Vasad village en route from Ahmedabad to Mumbai. On Sunday, the local crime branch officials recovered the power of attorney for the Rs 17 crore property, which is located in Panvel on the outskirts of Navi Mumbai.Local crime branch inspector R D Dabhi said that the accused are educated and upwardly mobile. The daughter is a fashion designer who had crafted the plan to make Shah sign the power of attorney in her name six months ago.Officials said that this was the first instance of a mother and daughter being involved in such a brutally executed murder. Interestingly, the first clue of a woman being involved in the murder was picked up by Anand superintendent of police who found a plastic bag containing vegetables and a dupatta in Shah's car.Anand police requested the Ahmedabad police to scan call data records which highlighted frequent calls to the two women. They were then picked up for interrogation.The women told police officials said that Shah first came in touch with the woman during his frequent visits to Ahmedabad. The two started an affair and the woman even gave her husband's retirement money to Shah.Later, her daughter too began an affair with Shah and he would regularly go on trips with either the mother or the daughter.When the daughter found that Shah was a rich man and had property in Panvel, a plan began to germinate. On one outing with Shah, she ensured that he became inebriated and had him sign the power of attorney. Later, the two women decided to eliminate him.Third time unluckyThe mother-daughter duo wanted to use poison - with which dogs are put to sleep - to kill Shah, but could not draw the poison into a syringe. They then mixed this poison in his tea. When Shah started feeling groggy, the daughter made him sit in the car saying that she would drive him to Mumbai. Her mother sat in the back seat.When the women were sure that Shah had become unconscious, they cut his jugular vein and other veins and dumped him in the car to die.The two confessed that this was their third attempt to finish off Shah. Earlier, the daughter had gone to Lonavala with Shah and had tried to push him off a cliff. When she failed, she again tried to poison Shah in Panvel by spiking his drink, which Shah did not touch.The third time around, the mother lent her a hand and the two succeeded.They wanted to be dead sureAfter attacking Shah, the two women fled from the car. They were spotted by a motorcyclist who asked them if they were in trouble. The two cooked up a story that they were involved in an accident and needed help. The motorcyclist dropped them at Borsad. After getting down, the two were worried that Shah may still be alive. They took a rickshaw back to the spot to confirm that he indeed was dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17737267", "title": "Museum to store manuscripts of Tulsidas", "text": "VARANASI: To store the manuscripts composed by Goswami Tulsidas and others, Akhada Goswami Tulsidas is constructing a museum at Hanuman temple, Tulsi ghat where the poet composed, Ramcharitmanas years ago. According to Pandit Vishwambhar Nath Mishra, deputy mahant, manuscripts from across the country is being collected for it.Around nine manuscripts from Jammu and Kashmir have already been collected, as many as 25 manuscripts will also be received from Aurai area. Written in 1919, a manuscript from Lahore will also be stored in the museum. Manuscripts in Awadhi, Urdu, Farsi, Kaithi, Russian and English languages will be stored in the museum.Notably, the museum will be well equipped with bullet proof showcases, neon lights and Italian frames. General public can view the manuscripts from above the glasses. Computerised screens will also be installed in the museum, which will give detail information about the manuscripts on just one click.It is noteworthy that the idea of the manuscript museum surfaced after the rare manuscript of Ramcharitmanas went missing from the temple premises a year ago.In view of the incident, Prof Veer Bhadra Mishra, mahant of the temple have released a hand book edition of the Ramcharitmanas on Saturday. The 704 pages manuscripts will be available in Rs 10 for the devotees on the occasion of Maha Kumbh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17735894", "title": "Christmas brings cheer to Vizagites", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The bells are jingling all the way this Christmas. Stars and scenes of nativity are adorning several households in the city and celebrations are no longer confined to the Christian and Anglo-Indian families. In a city where one finds a temple, mosque and church, all atop one hill, symbolising communal harmony, the spirit of Yuletide too has permeated among all Vizagites, irrespective of their religious affiliation. And not surprisingly, you may at this time hear Frank Sinatra's 'Have yourself a merry little Christmas' wafting from the drawing rooms of non-Christian households with the aroma of freshly-baked cakes filling the air.Celebrating Christmas is not just about yummy plum cakes and pudding and beseeching Santa for goodies. From decorating houses with lit-up stars and Christmas trees, attending parties, exchanging greetings and visiting beautifully bedecked churches, Vizagites have merged well with their Christian friends and neighbours in welcoming the blessed season.Engineering student and a non-Christian B Goutham and his family actively participates in X-mas festivities that include attending the church. \"Since my dad studied in a convent school and my mother's birthday falls on December 25, we make it a point to visit the church on Christmas day. It feels good to see my other non-Christian friends too celebrating the festival, decorating their homes with colourful electric lights, stars and Christmas trees, irrespective of their religion, signifying peace and harmony.\"Anup Daniel, a final year student in the Fine Arts department of Andhra University, says, \"Just as we burst crackers and light lamps during the festival of lights, except observing the religious rituals, similarly, friends from other communities prepare cakes, come to our home to greet us and even come along to the churches to admire the decorations and soak in the merriment even though they may not attend midnight mass or the morning service. Sometimes, they too buy new clothes for Christmas parties.\"For Fatima Omar, centre head of the pre-primary wing of Oakridge International School, Christmas is all about spreading good cheer. \"The festival ushers a sense of happiness and positivity. And for the little ones in my home, we hang red stockings all over and stuff them with gifts and goodies in answer to their 'prayers' to Santa Claus. At school too, one of the teachers dresses up as Santa Claus and entertains the kids. My son also brought a Christmas tree at home and has been decorating it,\" she says.Amandeep Singh, president of Sikh youth association, adds, \"Gone are the days when festivals were celebrated only in the particular community. Now, even the elders in the family encourage us to partake in celebrations of all communities. Santa is a big hit with Sikh children who put forth their endless wish-list before him while many of my friends decorate their homes with lights and Christmas trees from Christmas to New Year. I would love to attend Christmas parties as well.\"The changing time and trend is well-phrased in the words of Melville Smythe, a coach with the Sports Authority of Andhra Pradesh, \"In my grandma's time, Christmas used to be celebrated only among the Christians and Anglo-Indians in Vizag. But now, friends from other communities spontaneously take part in the festivity that includes parties, checking out churches, decorating the house with stars and Christmas trees, feasting on cakes and other Christmas delicacies and of course greeting one another 'Merry Christmas.'\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740986", "title": "'Settai' heads to Mahabalipuram", "text": "UTV Motion Pictures producing the remake of Bollywood film 'Delhi Belly' titled 'Settai' starring Arya, Hansika, Santhanam, Anjali, Premgi and Nasser in the lead roles is shaping up well. The crew is currently shooting near Mahabalipuram and the film is expected to release on Feb 13th.The scenes which include Premji are being canned at a place near Mahabalipuram. The movie is directed by Kannan and the music is composed by Thaman.' Settai ' was initially planned to release for Pongal on 13th January, but now has pulled out due to quite a few movies scheduled for the release Pongal. The music album of Settai has 5 songs penned by Na. Muthukumar, Thamari and Madhan Karky and the audio launch is now planned to happen in the month of January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17736878", "title": "State consumer panel rejects ICICI's appeal", "text": "RAIPUR: Chhattisgarh State Consumer Dispute Redressal Commission (CSCDRC) has rejected the appeal filed by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance against the order passedby Durg district forum directing the company to pay Rs 4,20,000 to a widow, whose husband was insured.The insurance company had repudiated the claim on grounds that the deceased had suppressed facts relating to his illness at the time of purchasing the insurance cover.In her complaint, the nominee and widow of the policy holder, Mikayal Lal, a resident of Bhilai, stated before district forum that her husband was insured by ICICI prudential in September 2007 with an assured amount of Rs 4, 20,000. He died in May 2008 during treatment of stomach cancer.She approached the insurance company for the claim but they repudiated it on the ground that the deceased had not disclosed facts of illness. The widow subsequently filed a complaint before the district forum. In their written reply, the insurance company stated that the deceased was having epigastric pain and weight loss with decreased appetite, which were primarily symptoms of cancer. So he was guilty of suppression of material facts at the time of making proposal of the insurance cover.The company's plea was rejected by the forum which asked it to pay the assured sum of Rs 4,20,000 along with interest at 7% per annum from the date of filing of complaint till the date of payment. They were also directed to pay Rs 1000 as compensation for mental agony and Rs 1000 as cost of litigation.The commission comprising its president Justice SC Vyas and its member VK Patil, upheld the forum's order and observed that as the disease of cancer is concerned, it was detected in September 2009. Prior to this date, nothing to that effect was ever written in the treatment book. It appears that the disease was detected after making proposal for the insurance cover by the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17742903", "title": "Brangelina splash out on soccer kits for kids", "text": "Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt have splashed out on soccer kits for their six children this Christmas.The Hollywood couple and their six kids Maddox, Pax, Zahara, Shiloh, Knox and Vivienne have spent a lot of time in the UK this year, due to the stars' filming commitments.Being in England has apparently got the tots interested in soccer, with Angelina arranging for items including tracksuits, mugs and caps emblazoned with their favourite team's logo to be sent to their Hollywood home for the festive season, the Sun reported.Angelina, Brad and their family are understood to be spending the holidays in America this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17737376", "title": "Hubli to get multi-specialty hospital", "text": "Hubli: The state government will set up a multi-specialty hospital on the premises of the Karnataka Institute of Medical Sciences (KIMS) to ensure quality healthcare at affordable rates to the masses. The proposed five-storey hospital will have all the facilities to deal with complicated cases. At present, many people from Gadag, Bijapur, Haveri, Dharwad, Belgaum, Koppal, Raichur and Bidar mostly depend on other cities for treatment of several complicated diseases. Though Hubli has many good private hospitals, the services are out of reach of the commonman. According to KIMS officials, the new section will have out-patient department (OPD) in the ground floor. The other three sections will accommodate the super specialty department, neurology, neurosurgery, nephrology, diabetic, dialysis, paediatric surgery, urology, and endocrinology sections. There will be 100-150-bed capacity ward for diabetics and endocrinology patients, an operation theatre for paediatric surgery, urology, nephrology and dialysis. A 100-bed ICU will be set up in the first, second and third floors of the hospital, Shripad Sawkar, PWD estate officer, KIMS, said. \"We have already identified three acres of land on the KIMS premises to set up the hospital. The five-storey main building of the hospital will come up on 40,000 sq ft of land,\" he added. Dr.Vasantha Kamath, director, KIMS, said a detailed project report has been submitted to chief minister Jagadish Shettar. The state government has promised to earmark fund up to Rs 65 crore in the next budget for the proposed hospital. \"We are awaiting nod from the government to start the work,\" she said. There will be parking facility for two-wheeler and four-wheeler vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17738327", "title": "Two minors end their lives", "text": "BANGALORE: Two teenagers, one a boy and another a girl, committed suicide in two separate incidents in the city on Saturday. While the boy is suspected to have taken the step out of depression over academic failure , the girl's decision was attributed to harassment from a boyfriend, also a minor.Vinod, a class IX student, ended his life by hanging himself from the ceiling fan of his house in Papareddy Palya, near Jnanabharathi, in the evening.The 13-year-old boy was the only son of Jayaram, a welder. The victim's mother is a tailor.On Saturday evening, Jayaram returned home from work. When his knock on the door wasn't answered, Jayaram peeped into the house through the window to find Vinod hanging from the ceiling fan in the hall.Jayaram broke open the door, brought down Vinod but the boy had breathed his last by then. Jnanabharathi police have registered a case and are investigating. Police sources said the boy hasn't left behind any suicide note, making it difficult to establish why he took recourse to the extreme step.However, Jayaram has in his statement to police, said that Vinod had failed in the recently conducted exam in school and was depressed over it. Jayaram suspected the academic setback might have led him to take his life.Girl sets herself ablazeIn the second incident, a 12-year-old girl from Bakshi Garden , Cottonpet, set herself ablaze in her residence.The parents of Kalaivani, the victim, said their daughter was harassed by her boyfriend. They told police their daughter took the exstep as she was unable to bear the harassment. Police have taken the boy into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17737464", "title": "Motorcyclists snatch chain from woman", "text": "MADURAI: Motorcycle-bound men snatched a 10-sovereign gold chain from the wife of a building consultant in Madurai during a power cut on Saturday night.The woman, who was riding a two-wheeler, was pushed from her vehicle by the chain snatchers in their attempt to relieve her of the gold chain. Even as the 39-year-old woman suffered a fall from her motorcycle and was attempting to rise up, the men snatched the chain and fled the spot leaving her in shock.Police said Sankareswari, 39, wife of Marimuthu, a building consultant from Alagappa Nagar, had left from her husband's office and was heading to the house in her motorcycle. When she was nearing Jaihindpuram market around 9 pm, there was a power cut and the entire area plunged into darkness as even the street lights went off. Moments later, she realised two men in a motorcycle coming close to her vehicle. Even as a startled Sankareswari attempted to move away, unable to comprehend their motives, they attempted to snatch her chain. As she struggled to save it, Sankareswari lost control of her two-wheeler and fell down. The chain snatchers then pulled away the chain and fled the spot before Sankareswari could raise an alarm. She suffered minor injuries in the fall. The police have registered a complaint and have begun a hunt for the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17740314", "title": "Gang rape protests: Delhi turns into fortress, chaos at Metro stations", "text": "NEW DELHI: The heart of the national capital turned into a fortress on Monday with heavy deployment of police who blocked roads leading to India Gate and Raisina Hill to ensure that no protests take place there but the arrangements put commuters at severe hardship.Office goers and students were the most affected due to blockade of roads and closure of nine metro stations near India Gate and Raisina Hill.In view of the incidents in the last two-three days, the venue of the meeting between Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Russian President Vladimar Putin has been shifted to the Race Course residence of the Prime Minister.Usually, such meetings are held in Hyderabad House which is close to India Gate, the scene of protests in the last two days.Police blocked Rafi Marg from both sides and one carriage way of Ashoka Road, Copernicus Marg and other stretches around the India Gate.Employees had a tough time reaching their offices in Krishi Bhavan, Shastri Bhavan, Rail Bhavan and Nirman Bhavan as police did not allow crossing Rajpath. Buses were diverted through longer routes.There were heavy barricading on Rafi Marg and Raisina Road and employees heading to South Bloc and North Bloc had to argue with policemen and show their identity cards to them.People heading to Connaught Place from South Delhi and vice versa had severe problems in commuting.Media persons were also not allowed near India Gate or Raisina Hill and were asked to go to Pragati Maidan.Chaos at Metro stations:Meanwhile, chaos ruled outside Metro stations in Central Delhi on Monday morning as hundreds of people reached the stations unaware that they have been closed due to continuing protests at India Gate against the gang-rape of a young girl.Nine stations, including the busiest Rajiv Chowk, were closed from early morning as people came only to be welcomed by boards that entry or exit to the stations will not be allowed today as per instructions from Delhi Police.Rajiv Chowk sees the maximum footfall of over 5 lakh a day and shutting down of this station has caused much problems for people who were agitated and looked helpless.Pragati Maidan, Mandi House, Barakhamba Road, Rajiv Chowk, Patel Chowk, Central Secretariat, Udyog Bhawan, Race Course and Khan Market will remain closed till further orders, according to an advisory issued late last night by the Delhi Metro.Eight stations, except Rajiv Chowk, remained closed on Sunday as well but there was not much impact as it was a holiday.Though inter-change was allowed at Rajiv Chowk and Central Secretariat stations, it was not of much help to the people as stations nearby were also closed.Radhika, a software professional who works at Parliament Street, said she was unaware that all stations near her office were closed today. She was shocked when the train did not stop at three stations continuously and heaved a sigh of relief when it stopped at Rajiv Chowk.\"But I was not allowed to exit from the station. I am stuck inside now. I don't know how to reach my office though it is less than a km from here,\" she said.She was not alone, there were several hundreds of passengers who got stranded at the stations.The stations will remain closed till further orders due to protests at India Gate. The stations have been closed to prevent people from reaching India Gate and other protest sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17738288", "title": "Churches plan their Christmas specials", "text": "CHENNAI: This Christmas will be extra special for Reverend Father A M Chinnappa because it is his last as archbishop . After seven years as the head of the Archdiocese of Madras-Mylapore , 75-year-old Fr Chinnappa will retire and the new Archbishop Father George Antonysamy will take over from January. \"This will be the last Christmas message that I give at the San Thome Basilica ,\" says Fr Chinnappa.\"I will talk about caste issues and how it is more dangerous than terrorism or the electricity shortage ,\" he says. With Christmas just a day away, churches across the city are preparing to celebrate and pray. But for some, this Christmas is just a little bit more special than those that came before. At St Theresa's Church in Nungambakkam, which celebrates 100 years this December, this will be the first Christmas inside the newly restored and expanded church. A new bell tower, ramps for the elderly, and LCD monitors have been installed. A church official says they will be filling the church with flowers this year to mark the special day. If it's flowers in Nungambakkam, for Mylapore its extra services. A new tradition will begin at the almost 500-year-old Our Lady of Light Luz Church in Mylapore \u00e2\u20ac\u201d an extra 9pm English mass on Christmas, New Year and Easter.\"The church was declared a shine in 2010. So, we are trying to include more services,\" says Parish Priest Father LC Raynna, who adds that an extra noon mass has been introduced on all weekdays. Christmas is likely to be a quiet affair at the St Mary Armenian Church in Parrys, which turned 300 on December 18.As there are no Armenians left in the city, there will be no service at the church. The caretaker, Alexander, will open up the church, one of the oldest Armenian churches in India, to the public as usual but there will be no mass or special prayers. St George's Cathedral near Anna flyover, which will mark its 200th anniversary in a couple of years, started off a little early. The Christmas celebrations were heralded in with a special fun and spiritual campfire on Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17738500", "title": "Auto driver 'jumps off' overbridge", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An auto-rickshaw driver, after allegedly hitting a motorcyclist near Delta Square here, jumped off the flyover at Baramunda to evade arrest on Sunday. The driver Manas Kumar Behera (28) is battling for life with multiple fractures at a private hospital.Panicked after seeing a policeman chasing him, Behera leapt out his auto in the middle of the overbridge, eyewitnesses said. \"We were stunned seeing him jumping down in the blink of an eye,\" said Prasant Pradhan, a motorcyclist. \"All vehicles came to a screeching halt as he ran from the middle of the flyover towards the edge and jumped,\" Pradhan said.A police control room (PCR) van immediately rushed him to Capital Hospital and later shifted him to a private hospital as his condition deteriorated. \"His auto was damaged after ramming a motorcycle. A policeman was chasing him. Out of panic, he jumped,\" a police officer said. However, a relative of Behera denied the charges. \"He did not hit any mobike or jumped off the flyover. He accidentally fell down,\" his relative said.A motorcyclist had died after falling off the same flyover on December 15. He was riding his motorcycle on the wrong side of the NH, leading to the mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17742509", "title": "Sumana Kittur steals the show in BIFFES", "text": "Edegaarike has definitely done wonders at the BO. It has not only restructured actor Aditya career, but the industry has opened up new scripts. And all credits goes to the director of the film Sumana Kittur. While the young filmmaker is still basking in the success and compliments for the film, she turned out to be the cynosure of all eyes at the ongoing Bengaluru International Film Festival (BIFFES).The annual film festival organized by Karnataka Chalanachitra Academy for Government of Karnataka, kick-started on Decemeber 20 will be screening a series of national and international films. Several biggies from the industry were seen catching up at this event. But the talk of the film festival seems to Sumana's brilliant work in Edegaarike .The filmmaker, who went to watch Abbas Kiarosthami's Like Someone in Love , was not only congratulated by several fans, but also by several biggies from the industry. Ace-filmmaker Girish Kasaravalli, who was seen chatting with the filmmaker, congratulated her for giving the audience a gripping film.A happy Sumana said, \"With the positive feedbacks that I have been receiving for Edegaarike , I've got more responsibility now. Though I have a few scripts ready, I am looking at perfecting it.\" The film is on its way to complete 50 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17736877", "title": "IIM-R students win scholarship", "text": "RAIPUR: Students of Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Raipur added another feather to its cap with its students Aditi Chauhan and Tirumalasetti P Subhash winning the prestigious O P Jindal Scholarship with an annual scholarship amount of Rs 1, 25,000. Both of them are pursuing post graduate programs at IIM-Raipur.They achieved the feat after outperforming other aspirants in an online leadership test conducted at the institute. The students were shortlisted on the basis of performance and after which they were interviewed by industry experts and representatives from the O P Jindal Group. O P Jindal scholarship aims to identify meritorious post graduate/graduate students who emulate OP Jindal's vision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17740983", "title": "Kozhikode to get model street to spent late nights", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city will soon get a model street bustling with activities till late night. MLA A Pradeep Kumar has already submitted a proposal to the tourism department to transform a selected stretch of street near the Kozhikode beach into a model street similar to the one in Western countries.The plan has come after observing that more and more families in the city opt to go out for dinner. Tourism Minister A P Anil Kumar had earlier agreed to provide financial aid for the project and asked the MLA to proceed with the proposal.\"I got the model street idea from a documentary on a night streets in foreign countries. The proposal envisages placing chairs and tables on footpaths and providing space for people to savour dishes with music in the background,\" said Pradeep Kumar. \"We are planning to serve Malabar cuisine on the roadside food courts. The street will be vibrant with activities from 7pm to 12pm. \"Kozhikode beach is selected for developing the street as vehicular movement is limited during late hours here,\" he said.The MLA is also planning to make the Eranhipalam-Sarovaram biopark a culture hub where people can conduct cultural programmes. This would also help keep anti-socials at bay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17737404", "title": "Sehwag and Yuvraj earn recalls for Pakistan ODIs", "text": "MUMBAI: Ajinkya Rahane, the 24-year-old Mumbai batsman who has shown the ability to open the innings as well as bat in the middle-order, has been brought back into India's one-day scheme of things, this time to fill the gaping hole left by the exit of Sachin Tendulkar.Twenty minutes before the start of the selection committee meeting on Sunday, to announce the squads for the two Twenty20 matches and three one-day internationals against Pakistan, the BCCI announced that Tendulkar was calling time in the 50-over format.BCCI president N Srinivasan personally presided over the selection meeting that followed, and led by chairman of selectors Sandeep Patil, announced two 15-member squads for the T20s and ODIs.Apart from Rahane, who can be expected to bat in the middle order in ODIs following Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir at the top, pacers Ishant Sharma and Ashok Dinda and leg-spinner Amit Mishra have also returned to the one-day team.The selectors have also settled for two new faces, Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Shami Ahmed while continuing to ignore an out-of-form Zaheer Khan in the 50-over format.The rest of the one-day team remains the same with MS Dhoni retaining captaincy and Gautam Gambhir, Virat Kohli, R Ashwin and Suresh Raina keeping their places.The Twenty20 side too has been retained with merely one change - Abhimanyu Mithun making way for Ishant Sharma. Sehwag will not play the two T20 matches against Pakistan.Team for T20: MS Dhoni (Capt), Gautam Gambhir, Ajinkya Rahane, Yuvraj Singh, Rohit Sharma, Suresh Raina, Virat Kohli, Ravindra Jadeja, R Ashwin, Ashok Dinda, Ishant Sharma, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Parvinder Awana, Piyush Chawla, Ambati Rayudu.Team for ODIs: MS Dhoni (Capt), Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh, Rohit Sharma, Suresh Raina, Ravindra Jadeja, R Ashwin, Ishant Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Ashok Dinda, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Shami Ahmed, Amit Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17739612", "title": "Top 10 films of the year 2012", "text": "Subhash K Jha selects his 10 favourite films of 2012That 2012 began with an overwrought hyper-melodramatic brutal and tumultuous remake of Agneepath and ended with Yash Chopra's muted mellow all-heart-no-malice ode to romance Jab Tak Hai Jaan seems indicative of the direction that Bollywood seems headed for.The journey ,as we can see, is unpredictable and largely exciting. Looking back some films of 2012 that fetched hype-star ratings seem bloated and over-eager to please either critics or the masses.Never both.Luckily the films that were truly meritorious did get a place under the swoon.Each year Bollywood surprises us, and not always in a good way .2012 seems like a watershed year even by the continuously evolving standards of filmmaking set by envelope-pushing directors who have filtered into filmdom during the past years. 2012 was the year when Tigmanshu Dhulia, Sujoy Ghosh and Shoojit Sircar came into their own with films that took mainstream cinema to new heights. It was also the year when we saw notably gifted directorial talent like Gauri Shinde( English Vinglish ), Rajan Khosa( Gattu ),Bela Bhansali Sehgal( Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi ),Umesh Shukla( Oh My God ) and Bedabrata Pain( Chittagong ). However the films that stood out were those that didn't try to do so. Here's looking at the year's 10 favourites.English Vinglish : Sridevi...ah! Is she really back??? Pinch me! Was I dreaming? Is this really the work of a first-time director? Gauri Shinde's directorial debut ranks right up there along with Manoj Kumar in Upkar,Gulzar's Khushboo , Sanjay Leela Bhansali in Khamoshi : The Musical, Aparna Sen's 36 Chowringhee Lane and Kalpana Lajmi's Ek Pal among the most accomplished directorial debut of our times. Gauri's USP was the simplicity of the tale. A Marathi housewife struggles to get conversant with the English language,finds her bearings and a sense of self in the bustling not-always-unfriendly anonymity of New York , comes home.The End. The film was exceedingly clever in premise, presentation and packaging and yet at heart a very innocent and artless tale with the nuances emerging not from cinematic ambivalence but the very essence of daily life where we often encounter existential wisdom without recognizing its worth. Sridevi's performance makes her a front-runner for all the Best Actress awards this year. She has only one competition. Priyanka Chopra in Barfi .Barfi! : I have to admit that a second viewing of Barfi! left me a little underwhelmed. Don't get me wrong. I still feel it's a work of absolute mastery created in delicately detailed shades that suggest that life lived on the edge is the only life worth living. However the simple thought and Ranbir Kapoor's simple character seems in hindsight like an annoying attention-seeker. Ranbir's showoffy performance as the deaf-and-mute do-gooder is constantly inviting attention tugging with nagging single-mindedness at our hearts-strings, like a child holding its father's face in his two hands demanding to be heard.It seems baffling why a dignified studious kind of girl that Ileana d'Cruz plays would be so single mindedly attracted to an exhibitionist like Master Barfi. Nor only Ranbir, even Anurag Basu's storytelling seems exasperating in its uncalled-for complexities. Why is the editing pattern so complex? Why the tangled time frame with the narration moving back and forth within minutes? We would have loved your film ,Anurag ,even without the attempts to get our attention. What elevates the film to a great work of art is Priyanka Chopra's performance as the autistic Jhilmil. The girl wedges her artless personality into our imagination for keeps, so that when her old caretaker(Haradhan Bannerjee) breaks down and weeps like a child when Jhilmil leaves him, we share his grief. Jhilmil is like that only. After a hammy performance in Agneepath early during the year, Priyanka redeemed her reputation.With this one performance Priyanka proves herself leagues ahead of her contemporaries.Kahaani: Vidya Balan's performance as the \"pregnant\" (giggle) NRI searching for her husband in the intriguing chaos of Kolkata would've been a given at all the awards this year. If only Sridevi hadn't decided to come back and Priyanka Chopra didn't end up giving her career's best performance this year. Nonetheles Vidya's ability to get under the skin of her troubled wife's character made Kahaani a yarn to cherish. She had great support from director Sujoy Ghosh who created a sense of foreboding and doom without resorting to excessive sentimentality or drama.Sujoy knows his Kolkata in and out.He explores the city's sweaty anxieties with cool candour. Vidya is certainly in-sync with the film's hushed screams .She emerged far more confidently in this film than the inconsistent though interesting Dirty Picture last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17737359", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Guwahati to Jaipur, calls for justice", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sunny Chauhan, an engineering student from Maninagar, told TOI that he and his friends had appealed to people on social networking sites to join their demonstration. \"We got an overwhelming response from the youth. If we ignore such crimes, it won't be long before one of our loved ones is raped,\" said Chauhan.In Ludhiana, women waved shoes and demanded the severest punishment for rapists and strong laws to check crime against women. Similar scenes were seen in Haryana and Himachal as well: it was the first time an act of gruesome crime had brought people out of their homes on a cold December day.The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) flexed its muscle through a demonstration in Guwahati. Gurpreet Singh, founder member of AAP in Assam said that police presence especially at night was pathetic and a major reason for women being targeted. \"Instead of just sitting in police stations, cops should come out on streets so that women feel confident about their safety.\"In Rajasthan, protests against the gang rape continued for the third straight day. Candlelight marches were held in Jaipur with around 3,000 teenagers and youths participating. At Jaipur's Statue Circle, the hub of the demonstrations, a few victims of rape came forward to share their story. At Ajmer's dargah sharif, a special jumma namaz was offered for the speedy recovery of the victim.Even in Chennai, a city that usually turns in early, nearly 800 people gathered at midnight on Saturday on Marina beach to demand that women be able to walk on the streets, unharmed, at any time of day or night.In Lucknow, students from 16 colleges signed a memorandum seeking the death sentence for the rapists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17736086", "title": "Sexual assault victims spared death, but not society's barbs", "text": "MUMBAI: What happens after a woman faces sexual assault? If she lives, she is thrown down a long tunnel of trauma. It begins with insensitive procedures during the medical examination and culminates in being shunned by society.Psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty, who counsels rape victims, says that in the course of the medical examination, many victims relive the entire episode of assault. The experience may lead to anxiety attacks, aggressive or abusive behaviour and even suicidal tendencies. \"Many victims may have flashbacks, as everybody from the police to doctors will ask what happened. While asking questions is necessary, what is important is the tone of the questioner,\" said Dr Shetty. \"Doctors need to keep the environment friendly and not intimidating. Also, telling the victim why the examination is being done is important, as then she understands that it is a step towards justice and not another attack on her modesty.\"Dr Bharat Shah, a psychiatrist with Lilavati Hospital, said sexual assaults, especially on children, leave life-long scars. \"The trauma is chronic. It changes the personality of the victim and makes it turbulent. It may result in the victim not being able to have or maintain normal relationships. Many victims suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder.\"He said the way out of trauma is better awareness among relatives. \"It is important for parents, especially the mother, to be sensitized.\" It becomes difficult for the woman to accept the fact that her own male relative is doing something wrong to her daughter. The courage to speak out, and to report the incident is lacking. What's more, the girl is made to feel guilty for the incident. With better awareness, such problems can be avoided,\" said Dr Shah.Medical examiners say that most victims are reluctant to undergo an examination. Dr Rekha Daver, head of gynecology department, where most of the sexual assault victims are taken for examination, said that the victim is always given a choice. \"The reports of the medical examination are required to ascertain the crime. If the victim, is not ready to undergo the examination, we cannot do it forcefully. However, we are compassionate towards the victim and we always explain to them why it is important. In case of young girls, especially, who are so scared to talk or let anybody near them post the incident, we have to be very gentle towards the girl as well as the mother,\" she said adding that all doctors are regularly sensitized towards the treatment of such victims and the examinations are conducted by senior doctors only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17738121", "title": "Doctors put nine-year-old boy's heartbeat on track", "text": "Mangalore: A team of doctors attached to Indiana Hospital and Heart Institute have saved the life of a nine-year-old boy, who was suffering from Tachycardiomyopathy, a rare heart disease. Doctors treated Yadhunandan using radio frequency ablation (RFA). Yadhunandan, son of Mohan, a salesman at a private company in Dubai, is a resident of Kanhangad in Kasargod district of Kerala. Yusuf Kumble, the chief interventional cardiologist of IHHI said Tachycardiomyopathy is found in one in every one lakh individuals. IHHI started offering RFA facility one month ago. Explaining about the disease and the treatment, he said, \"The heartbeat rate of a healthy individual is 70 per minute. But Yadhunandan's heartbeat rate was between 200 to 300 per minute, which can cause sudden cardiac arrest. The patient stayed in the hospital for one month and was discharged on December 21. The boy has to be under medication for one year and can start playing sports after three months like any other children.\" Yadhunandan's mother Shreekala told TOI that she had lost the hope of saving her son. \"A few months ago Yadhunandan started complaining of abdominal pain and started vomiting. I am happy now because my son is fit like other children of his age,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17736405", "title": "40 hurt in bus crash on Lenin Sarani", "text": "KOLKATA: Forty commuters, including several women and children, were injured when a private bus hit a tree and slammed on its side on Lenin Sarani in central Kolkata on Sunday. Five of the victims suffered grievous injuries but are said to be stable.Police say the bus left the Babughat stand around 2.30pm for Behrampore in Murshidabad. It was packed for a Sunday because of disruption in the local rail services. Witnesses and some of those injured say the bus suddenly picked up speed to overtake another bus near Wellington Crossing although the road was nearly empty.The wheels skidded and the bus rammed into a tree on the pavement and then a trident light pole. The right wheels left the ground as the bus teetered to its left and then crashed on its side, blocking the main exit.All the passengers were injured, but those sitting on the left had the worst of it. Panic triggered a near stampede inside the bus as people jostled to get out. Local residents smashed the windscreen and several windows to help passengers escape. \"We received a call at 2.42pm and rushed to the spot along with the Disaster Management Force, fire brigade and trauma care ambulances,\" said a police officer. \"We used ladders to speed up the evacuation. In half an hour all the passengers had been rescued,\" he added.The victims were taken to NRS Hospital and Calcutta Medical College and Hospital. Lenin Sarani was blocked from both ends and traffic diverted. For more than an hour, no vehicle plied on this key arterial road connecting Esplanade with Sealdah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17737527", "title": "BJP seeks all-party meet, BSP wants special session to enact law for crimes against women", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bahajan Samaj Party supremo Mayawati on Sunday joined BJP in demanding a special session of Parliament to enact a stringent law for rape and crimes against women.Mayawati also demanded passage of the bill on quota in promotions for SCs/STs in the same session.In a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , the BSP chief sought a special session to amend laws relating to crime against women to provide for stringent punishment.As public outrage over Nirbhaya grew, BJP asked the government to convene an all-party meeting and also reiterated its demand for a special session of Parliament.BJP leader Sushma Swaraj said she had urged home minister Sushilkumar Shinde to convene an all-party meet to \"resolve the current situation\" that has arisen after the brutal rape of a 23-year-old paramedical student in a moving bus last week. Shinde, however, ruled out Swaraj's demand for a special session.Swaraj had on Saturday urged the PM to convene Parliament to amend the existing law to provide death sentence for heinous crimes against women.Referring to Nirbhaya's case, Mayawati said such incidents were on the rise across the country, especially in Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Delhi. She targeted the Akhilesh Yadav government, blaming the SP regime for the poor law and order situation in UP. \"There have been 1,500 cases of rape in UP in the last nine months,\" she said.Seeking protection of women, Mayawati recalled that several leaders had supported amending the existing laws dealing with crime against women to make them more stringent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17736870", "title": "GSPCB to submit report on Sada dump to govt", "text": "PANAJI: The fire at the Sada garbage dump in Vasco and the subsequent smoke rising from the site has inconvenienced residents of the area.Environment minister Alina Saldanha has said she will receive a report from the Goa state pollution control board on Monday based on the inspection conducted by the GSPCB officials at the site.Four officials from the GSPCB had inspected the Sada garbage dump on Saturday to assess the situation.Saldanha said the team had found that the garbage treatment plant at the site was not working and all sorts of garbage including biomedical waste was dumped there.She said the only solution to the garbage issue was segregating waste and having a house-to-house collection system. Solid waste management is the responsibility of the municipality, she said, adding that the municipality needs to begin with segregated collection of garbage at least on a pilot basis in some wards of the town.Saldanha said the GSPCB will be coming out with rules for all municipalities and panchayats for garbage disposal.Levinson Martins, member secretary of GSPCB, had told TOI that it was high time the Mormugao municipality started a door-to-door collection of segregated garbage.Saldanha also said work of clearing garbage along the national highway in the state will begin in two weeks time. She said the highways will be divided into stretches of 10 km and the cleaning work would then proceed.An agency will be appointed to handle collection of plastic waste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17736340", "title": "A foodie's day out on Christmas", "text": "KOLKATA: With Christmas in the air, the food bugs in us crave for its annual share of turkey, pork, desserts and wine. The various city hotels are thus busy stirring up innovative dishes much to the delight of gastronomes.While Hotel Hindustan International (HHI) has come up with a western fare, Chef Moitra Sen of Hyatt Regency plans to keep it traditional with turkey, mulled wine and mince pies.The buffet at HHI - 'An English Affair' - will have roasted turkey, baby lobster biriyani, roasted pork ribs, Cajun spiced fish and irresistible vegetarian delights. With a variety of wines to choose from and European performers gyrating around the tables, one is sure to have a gala time.This apart, there will also be Mughlai dishes like Gosht Barra Chap, Murgh Badami Tikka, Rampuri Shahi Gosht Nizami, Dahi Shikampuri, Dum Ki subji and Nargasi malai subj kofta. Magic with a difference by Prince Sil will be the among the added attractions at HHI.As Hyatt plans to set up a turkey carving station, Park Hotel has decided to woo revellers with its late night special items like Vodka shot puchka, chocolate dipped strawberry lollies and takeaway biriyanis. If still your guts crave for more, the midnight bazaar on December 24 on the hotel's terrace, is the place to be.But Christmas is never complete without cakes and thus the Oberoi Grand has already put on display their baked products. As you dig into dishes like giblet gravy, plum pudding and bitter chocolate sour cherry cake, do not miss Sangria Francis Lepcha's performance.Taj, too, is not lagging behind and has been decked up with handmade candles to add to the festivity. fresh cakes, warm Christmas pudding, luscious chocolates and merry wine. The dinner buffet next to the poolside with a live band performing will make it lively offering the famous Moet brunch making it a perfect venue for you and your family with unlimited champagne and special Christmas cocktails to offer. Add-on's with the essence of the timeless Bengali and North West Frontier cuisine with a special menu with the best of dishes by the master chef themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17738143", "title": "Karatekas all fired up for national camp", "text": "LUDHIANA: A total of 125 karatekas from the city who have been selected for a national camp to be held in New Jalpaiguri left the city with much hope and enthusiasm on Sunday. As the selection of players for the World Karate Championship to be held in Denmark in April 2013 is to be done at this camp, so the coaches and parents bade the players farewell with prayers and good wishes.Pankaj Sahni, one of the coaches informed that it is a very prestigious national camp wherein over 3,000 karatekas from across the country will participate with the sole aim of winning a place in the Indian squad for the World Karate Championship.\"The players who have been selected for the camp are quite good and I am sure that city will find a representation in the Indian team just like the previous years,\" smiled Sahni.Satinder, another coach, who is accompanying the players said the five-day camp would be held from December 27 to 31. \"We are quite excited and so are the players and we are confident of finding a place in the team,\" she added.Sunidhi Samyal, a resident of Chandigarh Road, Sector 32, who has been selected for the camp said, \"The efforts of my coaches and the faith of my parents are my strengths. I will give my very best at the camp,\" while adding \"It's my dream to be a part of the national squad and win laurels for the country.\"Keshav Arora, another local karateka, who is a resident of Jamalpur said, \"All of us are pretty motivated and I can promise that players from Ludhiana would not only be in the Indian squad, they will be winners as well. We have worked hard with our coaches and getting selected is a step forward towards attainment of our dream. We will be giving our best at this national camp.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17737540", "title": "Learning through art a big success in Delhi municipal schools", "text": "NEW DELHI: Can dabbling with clay and marble chips teach you about dental hygiene, or broken tin and straw pieces inform you about geography? For detractors who feel that scribbling and drawing are a waste of time for young children, here is an eye-opener. An experiment in Delhi's municipal schools has shown that not only can students as young as 6 years learn through art but in fact it has resulted in better attendance records, a more responsive classroom and improved teamwork.National Council for Educational Research and Training's ( NCERT) \"art integrated learning'' (AIL) project seeks to create links between different subjects and art experiences of the child for new learning and development. AIL was introduced in 20 municipal schools among 1,700 students in Delhi in 2011. A year later, the resounding success of the project has prompted schools and education departments across the country to adopt this method of learning.According to Pawan Sudhir, head of the NCERT's department of education in arts and aesthetics, states like Bihar, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Meghalaya, Manipur, Assam and Mizoram have expressed interest in following AIL in the next academic session.However, the acceptance of art in mainstreaming learning even at a primary level was not easy initially. Sudhir said she faced resistance from principals and teachers who felt they would not be able to accomplish integration of art with the pressure of academic work.Veena Gandhi of Nigam Pratibha School in New Chokhandi in west Delhi said she was one such example. \"I had so many doubts about this ideology. But we started the art experience after a 7-10 day training course for teachers. Before long, we found that instead of forcing children to learn boring facts, the class became interactive. They were teaching us,'' she said with a smile.So, one teacher used clay and marble chips to explain molars, canines and pre-molars to 8-year-olds while another taught the concept of a home with piles of junk. Now, it appears there is no stopping. West Delhi's District Institute of Education and Training, Rajinder Nagar head Ashok Agrawal, who oversaw the Delhi pilot project, said it helped educators understand and assess children's comprehension levels without the pressure.Not only have teachers noticed improved attendance but involving them in art work has created a better learning environment for differently-abled children and improved team work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17737578", "title": "Lucknow records its coldest day in 1 year", "text": "LUCKNOW: The city recorded its 'coldest day' in last one year on Sunday with maximum temperature dropping to 11.6 degrees Celsius, 11 degrees below normal and dense fog throwing normal life out of gear. Minimum temperature in the night hovered at 5.2 degrees Celsius, three degrees below normal. Rail, road and air traffic was badly affected, and no significant change is likely in the conditions during next 24 hours.State Met director JP Gupta said that the thick fog restricted sunlight leading to drop in day temperatures. The moisture content in the atmosphere has been condensed into fog by the cold winds from the snow-fed regions. Normally, fog formed during the winter in plains is cleared during the day, as it happened in last two days. However, on Sunday, the velocity of the wind was low, hence it has not been able to blow away the fog. These icy winds are also responsible for the drop in the night temperatures, resulting in intense cold in the city.Zero visibility prevailed during the night and in morning due to heavy fog. While four flights from Amausi airport were cancelled, half-a-dozen others arrived late. Two flights - Jet Airways 9W-303 and Jet Konnect S2-5000 were cancelled in the morning, as they did not arrive from Delhi because of low visibility. Likewise, two more flights from Delhi were cancelled in the evening - Jet Airways flight, 9W-2122 and Jet Konnect flight, S2-3122. Other flights including those from Indore and Mumbai reportedly arrived two to five hours late.It was on December 19, 2011; when similar weather conditions had forced the maximum temperature of the city drop to 13.2 degrees Celsius. On Saturday, the city had experienced the coldest night of this winter (2012-13) when minimum temperature dropped to 4.4 degrees Celsius. However, the maximum temperature on Saturday was 14.9 degrees Celsius. Significantly, for the second consecutive day, the city was colder than Shimla and Dehradun which recorded 7.4 degrees Celsius and 5.9 degrees Celsius minimum temperatures respectively.Thick fog on Sunday also disrupted rail movement with some of the prominent trains including Lucknow-New Delhi Swarn Shatabdi Express (12003/12004) arriving late by more than six hours at Charbagh station. The train was held up at Kanpur and other stations of North Central Railway due to fog. As a result, train 12003 was put back at 7.30 pm on Sunday, instead of its scheduled departure at 3.30 pm. Poor visibility also made driving difficult on the road and led to traffic jams on highways leading to several accidents in the city and adjoining areas.Muzaffarnagar recorded 3.2 degrees Celsius, the lowest minimum temperature in the state, followed by Agra with 4.0 degrees Celsius, Kanpur recorded 4.2 degrees Celsius, while it was 4.5 degrees Celsius in Najibabad. The maximum temperature was lowest in Kanpur - 11.4 degrees Celsius, 13 degrees below normal. Lucknow was at the second place followed by Bahraich, Sultanpur, Ghazipur and Rae Bareli with 12.4 degrees Celsius each. While maximum temperature in Varanasi was 13.8 degrees Celsius, Allahabad recorded 16.8 degrees Celsius.According to reports, biting cold claimed five lives during last 24 hours. While three persons, including a woman died in Ballia, one death was reported from Maharajganj and Barabanki districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17738269", "title": "Complaint boxes on campus drop by the wayside", "text": "CHENNAI: Every morning when Poornima left for college she would see a man waiting and watching her. He would follow her to class. He was a student of her college and Poornima complained to the authorities. No action was taken for a year, and she transferred to another college.Colleges are supposed to have dropboxes for students to make complaints about sexual harassment as well as display the numbers of local police stations prominently.\"I am not aware about such a dropbox on campus or of the contact numbers ,\" said Lakshmi Venkatraman, a third year student at Ethiraj College. \"We are often harassed by guys outside the college when we are travelling by bike or on buses.\"A faculty member at the college insisted they have measures in place. \"We have a dropbox and a bulletin board with the numbers,\" she said.Divya Ravishankar, a third year student at MOP Vaishnav College, has the number of the local police station on her phone. \"I haven't heard of the college telling us how to deal with sexual harassment.\"Prasanna Poornachandra, founder of International Foundation for Crime Prevention and Victim Care, said, \"We did a safety audit at six women's colleges last year. Many girls told us of somebody they knew who had committed or attempted suicide due to harassment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17737303", "title": "Max limit for New Year eve parties is 1am", "text": "JAIPUR: Looking at the anger that is mounting after the gangrape of a 23-year-old woman in a moving bus in New Delhi, the Jaipur police, as a preventive measure, has decided not to allow the New Year eve parties to go on after 12.45am. The maximum time allowed for such parties will be 1am. The senior authorities have decided this mainly to curb crimes against women as it every year many revellers misbehave with women.During this year's celebrations the police aims to ensure that boozers and revellers do not indulge in crimes against women including eve teasing, outraging modesty or rape.Senior officers of the Jaipur police commissionerate decided on Sunday that no event manager, city hotel and restaurants would be allow to carry on with New Year eve celebrations after 1am.More than two dozen interceptor vans with almost 100 breathalyzers would be stationed in various parts of the city including Tonk Road, Gandhi Nagar Circle, Chomu Circle, Narain Singh Circle, Ajmeri Gate, Panch Batti, Choti Chaupar, Shastri Nagar Circle and other areas to nab revellers involved in boozing above permissible limit, driving under the influence of alcohol and being a part of any crime against women. Stringent action would be taken against the revellers this time as the state government in a review meeting of the home department on Saturday too had asked the policemen to be alert for the New Year eve.B L Soni, police commissioner said, \"We are not going to play spoilsport for those who have planned to celebrate the New Year eve quietly and decently. But, many who indulge in eve teasing or outraging modesty of women in discotheques and city hotels would be punished as per the law including violation of Motor Vehicle Act and 60 Police Act.\"According to sources, senior officers of police commissionerate have also asked circle inspectors of 55 police stations across the city to engage in patrolling till midnight. \"We have identified some of the discotheques and hotels where our men in plain clothes would be present to identify miscreants, especially those who create ruckus in the name of celebration after they are high on drinks,\" Soni added.Sources added that at least 4,000 extra policemen would be deployed on the busiest city roads, hotels and restaurants, cinema halls and other public places to find and book revellers. Likewise, there would be police patrolling in colonies too where people gather in large numbers vehicles and create law and order problems after boozing. Areas including Gauarv Tower, MI Road and Khasa Kothi where there are popular eating joints would be high on priority list for police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17736073", "title": "No chartered bus service from December 24", "text": "NEW DELHI: Private chartered bus owners have decided to withdraw their services from schools, offices, and MNCs from Monday alleging that they are being compelled to do so due to \"illegal and unjustified actions of Delhi Police\".Threatening that if \"the atrocities by Delhi Police on innocent bus owners\" are not stopped, they would continue the withdrawal of their services. \"We request more time from the home minister with respect to curtains, glasses etc in contract carriage and tourist buses, as per the guidelines recently issued,\" said Harish Sabharwal, general secretary of the Delhi contract bus association. The group claims that over 1500 DTC buses have tinted glasses, but no action has been taken against them.Following Sunday's horrific gang rape of a 23-year-old girl in a moving private chartered bus, the traffic police had launched a drive against these buses and other public transport vehicles on Wednesday. At least 142 private chartered buses were caught on Wednesday violating Section 192-A of the Motor Vehicle Act (carrying passengers without authorization) and another 97 were caught on Thursday. A list of 142 buses has been sent to the transport department, asking them to cancel their permits. Around 217 buses have been impounded.On Friday, 106 buses were challaned for having tinted glass, and 43 charted buses were challaned for picking passengers without authorization. Another 455 public transport vehicles were challaned as the drivers were not wearing PSV badges and many others, including autos, buses, interstate buses, contract carriages and Grameen Seva vehicles, were impounded.According to police, they will continue their drive. \"The Supreme Court order for tinted glasses was in May, and a separate notification is not required as the order does not distinguish between cars and buses. As for removing these curtains and tinted film, it can be removed within a day,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Meanwhile, schools have either closed altogether or alerted parents asking them to organize transport. The Shri Ram School, Vasant Vihar, will be closed but only for December 24. \"We have shut school and are reopening on the 26th,\" said principal, Manika Sharma. D R Saini, principal, Delhi Public School, R K Puram, has issued a similar notification to the parents stating that the school's buses will run, but not the private ones it charters. Otherwise, the school will operate as usual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17736966", "title": "'Black magic and witchcraft has killed 1,791 women'", "text": "RAIPUR: According to the National Crime Records Bureau, over 1791 women had died between 2001and 2010 on account of black magic and witchraft. This information was shared by the city's renowned ophthalmologist, Dr Dinesh Mishra at a recent event.Speaking at the 12th Indian Science Communication Congress, that was organized from December 18-21 in New Delhi, Dr Mishra who was representing Chhattisgarh, talked about the frequent incidents of black magic and witchcraft across the country that is followed owing to baseless superstitious beliefs. He said that thousands of women get killed and are assaulted because of unfounded beliefs. The doctor, in the symposium, stressed on the need of implementing a national law against the witchcraft and black magic practices.Several science specialists, doctors and social workers were part of the national level programme for awareness. Dr Manoj Pateria, director science and technology department, Dr Vedprakash, chairman UGC, Dr S K Malhotra, atomic energy, Dr Krishnalal, president, Indian National Science Academy and many other dignitaries were among those present in the programme.There were over 200 science specialists from Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Vidharbh and Orissa, who discussed the importance of scientific awareness, importance of media, health awareness and other aspects of society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17738066", "title": "All-women cab service struggles to get drivers", "text": "PUNE: In the four years ever since it was launched, 'Let Them Drive', a special cab service for women, has been in huge demand, but cannot keep up with it as they do not have skilled women drivers.The service was launched in the aftermath of the attacks on women in the business process outsourcing sector in the city and promised safe commuting to women not just within the city, but also to other places.\"I approached a social organization with the idea and got support from it,\" said financial consultant Vishakha Gaikwad and its proprietor.She started with five cabs and five women drivers. All were trained to drive in the city and on the highways and to handle mechanical faults in the vehicles. They ferry only women.But in the four years of operation, the group has seen many ups and downs. Right now, they are struggling to get competent women drivers to keep the service running and to meet the increasing demand. \"The demand during the initial period was high and the number of drivers went up from five to 11. But retaining them had become a problem. We have five women drivers now,\" Gaikwad said.More women should start such initiatives, felt Sheetal Mali , who was part of Let Them Drive and has started her own cab service. \"Women should become self-sufficient in safeguarding their interests,\" she said.Mali, who is a human resources executive, works for her special women cab service on weekends, providing the service to women going out of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/rourkela/sambalpur", "code": "17738474", "title": "Protesters gun for rapists' scalp", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/ROURKELA/SAMBALPUR: Anti-rape protests continued in various parts of the state on Sunday with angry protestors demanding speedy justice for victims of Bhubaneswar and Delhi gang rape.Students of Utkal University and Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology took out separate protest marches on their respective campuses. Utkal students took out a rally from the varsity to the DCP office pressing for action against the culprits.Members of civil society, students of Biju Patnaik University of Technology and Utkal University also undertook a signature campaign at Master Canteen square seeking justice for the victims and stringent action against culprits. \"Over 500 people signed the banners with their message, condemning the incidents,\" said Biswadeep Mishra, a student of Orissa Engineering College.Students Federation of India, Democratic Youth Federation of India and All India Democratic Women's Organization jointly undertook a protest march on Mahatma Gandhi Road in Bhubaneswar.\"Hundreds of people spontaneously participated in the protest. The government must take urgent steps to ensure safety for women ,\" said Ssharat Das, state secretary of SFI.Protests continued in Rourkela for the third consecutive day. Hundreds of students took out a candlelight rally from Biju Patnaik Square in Sector 2 to Ispat Market. \"We are praying for early recovery of the victim and strict punishment for rapists,\" said a student of Padmanabha College of Engineering.Students of Gangadhar Meher College in Samblapur took out a candlelight procession too in protest against the rapes. Hundreds of students came out on the streets and expressed their anguish through the procession. The students assembled at GM college ground and marched towards Golebazar where they prayed for the speedy recovery of the victims. \"It is a matter of shame and we condemn such incidents. The accused should be meted out exemplary punishment,\" said vice-president of student union Swastik Pandey. \"We demand the culprits of the gang rape to be hanged publicly so that others do not dare to commit such crimes in the future,\" said Sonali Dash, another protester.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17737306", "title": "Archeologists to unearth ancient city of Bhati Rajputs in Jaisalmer", "text": "JAISALMER: The untold stories of the 8th century Bhati Rajputs' glorious capital at Laudravapur in Jaisalmer district will soon be unveiled with the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) set to restart its excavation at the site next year.Some remains of the ancient capital, including dome of a Ganesh temple, portion of a wall of the historic city, a round burj (pillar), godowns of the fort, were unearthed from two spots during an excavation seven years ago. Lack of funds and protests by locals, though, forced the ASI to discontinue the excavation.The ASI now plans to restart the excavation at the site, nearly 16 km from the main city, and is also looking at developing it as tourist destination once the exercise is complete.State archaeological superintendent Basant Swarnakar said protests by nearby villages had stalled the work last time. \"We have written to the district collector to vacate the land and hand it over the archaeological department,'' he said, adding that a proposal for a special budget for the excavation would be sent to New Delhi in the next financial year.The previous excavation exercise indicated at the existence of a big city, believed to have been buried somewhere between 12th and 13th century AD.Among some of the artifacts recovered during the excavation were statues of Shiva and Ganesh, stone bowls for grinding and mixing stones and art on yellow stones. The ASI officials feel the site could be developed as a major tourist attraction once the entire process is complete.According to some historians, Laudravapur was a glorious and prosperous city set up before the 8th century. Historian Nand Kishore Sharma said nearly 300 years before Jaisalmer district was established, Laudravapur was a prosperous city.Sharma said historical documents describe Laudravapur as a big city spread over 10 miles with 12 entry gates. The city had lot of Shiva temples. Even today, sites of worship like Roopsi Ramkund and Vaishakhi Tain are situated within a radius of 5-10km from Laudrava.Laudravapur was the capital of Laudra Rajputs and its last ruler was Nripbhanu who was defeated by Devraj Bhati around 8-9th century. Bhati then set up his empire in the region and shifted the capital to Jaisalmer.\"With this Laudrava city lost prominence and suffered neglect. The Kak river, on whose banks it thrived, also changed its course. The city soon disappeared,\" Sharma said.It was a thriving commercial centre which saw caravans of camels and horses coming from as far as Kandhar ( Afghanistan ) and Sindh ( Pakistan ), besides those coming from Marwar, Mewar, Gujarat and central India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "dombivli", "code": "17735998", "title": "18-year-old beaten up in Dombivli", "text": "Dombivli: An unidentified person has been booked for beating up an 18-year-old girl when she was enjoying an ice-cream after dinner here on Saturday. The resident of Ajde suffered minor injuries, and was taken to Shashtri Nagar hospital, from where she was later discharged. The person got angry after she brushed against him by mistake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17738142", "title": "AP's dubious distinction", "text": "HYDERABAD: At a time when protests are raging across the country over the brutal gang rape of a 23-year-old paramedical student in Delhi, a disturbing trend has come to light in Andhra Pradesh: rape involving minors, both as perpetrators of the crime and as victims.While over 130 minor boys were arrested for rape in the last two years, police officials claim there has been a spurt in sexual assaults on minors in the state since the last three years. In 2009 and 2010, 416 cases of rape involving minors (victims) were registered, while it was 646 cases in 2011, and over 450 cases have been booked so far this year, officials said. However, much more depressing is the fact that some minors died due to health complications after the sexual assault. \"A sexual assault leaves a minor victim devastated, sometimes leading to serious psychological problems. A minor is physically and mentally too tender to handle the trauma post the assault. And some go to the extent of ending their lives unable to bear the agony as they feel they have no future,'' a senior officer with the Crime Investigation Department (CID) said.A couple of months ago, a student of Parkwood International School, Vikarabad, deposing before the Nampally Criminal court, recalled how the school's director Mohammed Salahuddin Ayub had raped her two years ago. The victim also had to undergo abortion. Similarly, a car driver allegedly raped a minor in Narayanaguda after picking her from a local church.\"As per existing laws, trial in a minor's rape case must be held in camera to protect identity of the victim. The situation is such that not many officers keep themselves updated about latest judgments and amendments to the Criminal Procedure Code. As a result, the rape cases of minors are not properly handled. We need to sensitize officers dealing with minors,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17738529", "title": "Colleges tighten security belt", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Educational institutions in Bhubaneswar are reviewing security measures for girl students in view of the furore created by the sensational incidents of rape in the state and the national capital.IIT Bhubaneswar, which has split temporary campuses, will revisit security arrangement for students, especially for girls. \"We have a very robust system as the students travel by the institute buses only. However, the recent condemnable incident in Delhi and countrywide public outcry against it has given us an occasion to review the security provisions,\" IIT registrar B K Ray told TOI on Sunday.Since the institute is yet to commission its permanent campus, the IIT has been functioning from multiple locations at Jaydev Vihar and Satyanagar. Girls stay in an apartment in Kesura. \"After the students return from Christmas vacation, we may issue guidelines to travel in groups,\" said Ray.The registrar said the IIT provides its own buses to students for visiting markets in the weekends so that they don't have to depend on auto-rickshaws. Students will be sensitized to sense any impending danger, he said.Utkal University has also pulled up its socks pertaining to security and has started stricter compliance of rules and regulations in girls' hostels. \"The gates of ladies hostels close at 6.30 pm. Anyone staying longer has to take special permission. Though the provisions exist for years, we are now ensuring that there is no violation of these guidelines,\" said Utkal University Post Graduate Council chairman P K Mishra. The varsity has six ladies hostels accommodating around 1,000 girls.Rama Devi Women's (Autonomous) College professes to have a \"comprehensive security arrangement\" on the campus but expressed helplessness about ensuring girls' safety when they venture out of the campus. \"Several girls from the college go for tuitions and return in the evening. Beyond an advisory role, we can't do much outside,\" said college principal Sanghamitra Khuntia.The college has three hostels housing 400 students on the college premises and a fourth hostel housing around 300 girls outside the main campus. \"We are vigilant. The hostel superintendents visit the hostels at least twice daily,\" the principal said.BJB (Autonomous) College too is extra watchful these days. \"We have been lucky that there is no unpleasant experience of girls facing harassment inside and outside the college in recent times. However, the recent developments made us rethink arrangements to ensure better safety for students,\" said BJB principal Suresh Patnaik.BJB (Autonomous) College and BJB (Junior) College have a joint ladies hostel where around 100 Plus II and Plus III girl students stay. The BJB (Autonomous) College is all set to inaugurate a new 270-bed ladies hostel in January. \"We will ensure the best possible security in the new hostel,\" Patnaik said.An estimated 40,000 girl students from outside Bhubaneswar stay in various hostels in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17738224", "title": "Last rites of Satguru Jagjit Singh performed", "text": "LUDHIANA: The kriya ceremony of Satguru Jagjit Singh was performed in the presence of members of the Namdhari community and eminent people from various sections of society. His successor and new spiritual head of the community Thakur Udai Singh conducted his last rites, thereby underlining his position as head of the community.Thousands of members of the Namdhari community and people from various sections of society gathered at the Namdhari community headquarters in Bhaini Sahab on Sunday to pray for the late spiritual leader.All doubts on succession were cleared with Thakur Udai Singh's \"dastar samaroh\" or ceremony of tying the symbolic headgear. Railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal and Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal were among political leaders present on the occasion. Captain Amarinder Singh and deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal also marked their presence.Satguru Jagjit Singh breathed his last at the Satguru Pratap Singh Apollo hospital on December 13 where he was admitted with a severe chest infection on November 23. Although Thakur Udai Singh was declared administrator of the Namdhari Darbar and was even made to occupy the seat of the religious head on December 16, there was confusion over succession.This was mainly caused by members of the International Namdhari Sangat organizing a press conference to communicate their refusal to accept him as the head. Differences appear to have been resolved with majority of the members supporting Thakur Udai Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17738244", "title": "Baking is a way of life for him", "text": "BANGALORE: For 73-year-old C Ramachandran , baking has been a hobby since his student days at St Joseph's Boys High School. So much so that the intense need to achieve perfection in the craft drove him to different parts of Europe during his youth.It was during one of his trips to Belgium that he saw models of sugar cakes. The scion of the family that started Nilgiris departmental stores was inspired to make huge models of sugar cakes moulded in the shape of popular monuments and structures. Ramachandran's sugar cake structures have become an integral part of the city's contemporary history , so has his annual cake exhibition that has been running since 1970.\"In the 1960s not many bakers in India were using technology and equipment. My thirst for learning the craft took me to West Germany where I worked as an apprentice to a famous baker and then travelled around Europe to perfect my knowledge on baking,\" said Ramachandran .\"After returning from Europe in the late 1960s, I decided to replicate the trend of building huge sugar cake models - that was very popular in the continent - in India . I was happy to see people turning out in large numbers to see my cakes,\" he said.\"The first show in 1970 was held at the Nilgiris departmental stores on Brigade Road. We had to eventually shift the event to larger venues because more and more people started to pour in and the sugar cake structures also grew in size, with every passing year,\" he pointed out.The ongoing show is characterized by Ramachandran's signature cake: 22 feet (length) by 22 feet (breadth) by 16 feet (height) giant pentagon of communal harmony made out of sugar cakes. In the past, he has recreated several gigantic sugar cake monuments like that of the Taj Mahal , Eiffel Tower , Vidhana Soudha, Bangalore Palace, Buckingham Palace and Titanic.However, what characterizes the man, whose personal net worth runs into crores of rupees, is his humility: he likes to call himself a baker first. An associate said Ramachandran is the inspiration behind the team which built about 30 sugar cake structures for this year's show.\"He personally works on every sugar cake structure apart from overseeing the process,\" said the associate.As for the man himself, he plans to retire in a couple of years but only after finding someone suitable for handing over the helm of his hugely popular annual cake show, \"someone who can carry on the legacy\" .\"I don't want the craft to die with me. The cake show should go on even after me,\" he said.Huge hit since 1970Ramachandran's first cake show was held at the Niligiris on Brigade Road in 1970. According to Ramachandran, it attracted some 4,000 visitors over a couple of days. The current cake show, according to the ticketing counters, has already recorded more than 1 lakh footfalls in just over a week of its inauguration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17737793", "title": "Sashastra Seema Bal gets power to check passports on India-Nepal border", "text": "NEW DELHI: With increasing threat of infiltration through use of fake passports on the India-Nepal border, Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB) has been granted powers to check passports and arrest people under the Passports Act. This power was until now only with immigration officials on the India-Nepal border.The force had been demanding such powers from the home ministry since January as checking infiltration and human trafficking had become difficult with several immigration checkpoints on the border being rendered non-functional over the years. According to SSB, only seven out of 19 immigration checkpoints on the border are functional, posing a major challenge to authorities engaged in stopping infiltration.SSB has far greater presence on the 1,751km border with over 450 border outposts (BOPs). The distance between two BOPs is 4.5km.Intelligence agencies have time and again pointed out that terror groups such as Hizbul Mujahideen and (HuM) Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) have strong bases in Nepal and have been trying to push in terrorists using fake passports. Recently, India also broached the subject of a large number of former militants from Kashmir, who had crossed over to PoK, returning to India via Nepal illegally. It expressed concern that terror groups may use this channel to push in active terrorists.It is in this regard, say SSB sources, that the powers conferred to them under the Passport Act will come in handy. \"Immigration can check papers only when people are crossing through designated checkposts. But being a porous border, there are several who cross through bordering villages or jungles. It is us who guards these frontiers, so it was important for us to be able to scrutinize papers and take action.\" However, no officer below the rank of a sub-inspector will be allowed to exercise these powers.Earlier, even if SSB caught a suspect, it had to hand him over to immigration officials.SSB may also soon get powers under the Customs Act to keep a check on smuggling. While its proposal for grant of powers under the Act has been pending with the home department, the government has shown inclination to grant the powers at the earliest.Minister of state for home R P N Singh recently told Lok Sabha, \"The average gap between two land custom stations is higher than the gap between two BOPs of SSB. Therefore, given the substantial presence of SSB on these borders and the fact that the smugglers sometimes use dense forests and unauthorized routes for smuggling, delegation of powers under the Customs Act and Passport Act will help SSB to check illegal activities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741170", "title": "Khloe Kardashian's Christmas shopping worry", "text": "Reality TV star Khloe Kardashian hates Christmas shopping, as she often worries forgetting a member of her large family while buying presents.\"I dread Christmas shopping. I go nuts making sure I don't forget anyone, it can get crazy, femalefirst.co.uk quoted Kardashian as saying.She also revealed her husband Lamar Odom helps her get into the festive spirit and one of their favourite Christmas rituals is putting up their decorations.\"Before Lamar, I never had a tree. I helped with my mom's. Now we decorate our house together. He loves it. And he always does the top of the tree,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741192", "title": "Trisha awe-struck by Shashi Tharoor", "text": "Tamil star Trisha is on cloud nine. The actress recently met the Union Minister of State for Human Resources Development and Tiruvananthapuram MP, Shashi Tharoor at a jewellery shop inauguration in the state capital. Trisha had flown in to Thiruvananthapuram for the shop inauguration won Sunday and was thrilled to meet the former diplomat. Soon after the meeting, the actress put up a post on her micro-blogging page, \"A nice morning in Trivandrum with one of the most charming politicians I've met, Mr. Shashi Tharoor. He is class and eloquence personified. Charmed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17737160", "title": "Six hurt as bus smashes into three cars at signal", "text": "CHENNAI: Panic prevailed for a while on busy GST Road early on Sunday morning when a TNSTC bus went out of control and hit three cars waiting at a traffic signal near Pazhavanthangal. Six people, including an infant, travelling in the three cars escaped with minor injuries.Around 4.50am, police said, the bus on route 273 C (Kallakurichi to Chennai) was proceeding to the Chennai Mofussil Bus Terminus (CMBT) at Koyambedu at high speed when the signal near Pazhavanthangal turned red.The driver, R Krishnamoorthy, spotted three cars waiting at the signal at the last minute and tried to stop, police said. He lost control and hit the rear of one car really hard and continued ahead. The car hit the one in front of it and that vehicle dashed into another.The occupants of the first car screamed for help when the bus came to a halt after dragging a car to atleast five meters. The car's occupants, Thomas Alexander, 65, Shaji Thomas, 45, his wife Lekha and their one-year-old child, sustained injuries. The drivers of the other two cars, Venkatesan and Satheesh, too, sustained minor injuries. Gurumurthy, the driver of another car that was at the spot, escaped unhurt.After being alerted by other commuters, police rushed to the spot and took the injured people to the government Chromepet hospital where they were given first aid.They were later shifted to a private hospital for further treatment. \"The MTC driver was driving at high speed and so he was not able to control the vehicle when he applied the brakes,\" said Murugan, an autorickshaw driver who witnessed the accident.None of the bus passengers were injured, he said. Following the accident, traffic on the stretch was affected for more than an hour till police cleared the damaged cars from the spot. The St Thomas Mount traffic investigation police booked driver R Krishnamoorthy, 40, of Ulundurpet for rash and negligent driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jehanabad", "code": "17736457", "title": "Court frames charges against minority panel chief", "text": "JEHANABAD: The court of first class judicial magistrate, S K Rai, here on Saturday framed charges against the Bihar State Minority Commission chairman, Naushad Ahmad, under Sections 420 (cheating), 467, 468, 471(relating to forgery and 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC, in pursuance of the Patna High Court's directive.The case pertains to selling of a plot to Afsar Imam, member of Janta Housing Co-operative Society by Ahmad who was then president of the society. When in 2001, Imam came to know that the plot of land, in fact, belonged to Jehanabad Zila Parishad, he filed a complaint case against Ahmad in the CJM court, Jehanabad, charging him with committing fraud, cheating and criminal conspiracy.The CJM court took cognizance of the charges and transferred the case to the court of SDJM, Jehanabad. The SDJM had dismissed Ahmad's discharge petition in the case. Subsequently Ahmad filed a quashing petition before Patna High Court and Justice Rakesh Kumar had dismissed his petition on November 2, 2010. Ahmad again filed a quashing petition in the same bench of the HC.Taking a serious view of the matter, Justice Rakesh Kumar on November 5, 2012, dismissed Ahmad's petition and slapped Rs 25,000 on him for filing the second petition in the same case with a view to hoodwinking the court.Indicting the petitioner for such an act, Justice Kumar had observed that this was an attempt to commit fraud with the judicial proceeding. He directed the Jehanabad court to dispose off the case within eight months of production of this order by holding trial at least twice a week. Justice Kumar also directed Ahmad to co-operate with the trial court.Responding to Imam's counsel's prayer to pass order for initiating criminal prosecution against Ahmad 'for trying to bamboozle the court,' Justice Kumar observed that this was a fit case of directing the registrar general of Patna HC to lodge a complaint case against Ahmad but since he had disclosed in the petition the fact of SDJM dismissing his discharge petition, a lenient view was being taken against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17736293", "title": "3 accidents leave 1 dead, many injured", "text": "NOIDA: Three accidents, including a seven-car pile-up, were reported in Gautam Budh Nagar due to fog. The district's first pile-up of the year was reported in the early hours of Sunday on Yamuna Expressway. One person died in an accident on Rajnigandha Chowk. The third accident was reported in Sector 49, where two trucks collided; the drivers escaped with minor injuries.Yamuna Expressway, which was the site of a massive 30-car pile-up in December 2011, saw another pile-up on Sunday. Police sources said a car crashed into a stationary dumper due to low visibility, setting off a chain of collisions.According to the traffic police, the Yamuna expressway and the Noida-Greater Noida expressway are particularly prone to accidents because of poor vision during fog and the speed at which vehicles travel. No one died in Sunday's pile-up.The accident at Rajnigandha Chowk, however, claimed one life. A cab carrying four passengers to Delhi rammed the divider of the underpass and turned turtle. The driver of the vehicle, who has been identified as Sanjeev, died on the spot, while the rest have sustained minor injuries and are recuperating.In a third accident, two trucks had a head-on collision at the U-turn near the Barola market of Sector 49 . \"The accident took place around 2am when one of the trucks got stuck at the U-turn. As it didn't have the blinkers on, the second truck approached the turn could not spot it and crashed into it. Both the drivers sustained injuries but are fine now,\" said a senior police officer.\"We had to call in a crane to disengage the two trucks as they got welded together, triggering a major traffic jam,\" added the police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17737603", "title": "Over one-fifth of country\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s police force just on paper", "text": "NEW DELHI: Increasing police footprint is one of the prerequisites to prevent crime but India finds over one-fifth of its sanctioned police force merely on paper, leaving the remaining ones to shuffle between law and order duties, investigation and VIP security at the cost of 'quality' policing.All states and Union Territories (UTs) have collectively reported police vacancy of nearly 4.20 lakh against the sanctioned strength of over 20.80 lakh policemen across the country. The gap due to the huge vacancy takes a toll on policing on the ground.It also raises a question mark on the sincerity of states and UTs in filling up these vacancies which have been there for years. The matter is raised during all police meets every year but there is hardly any improvement in the actual strength of the force.Data compiled by the home ministry shows that the actual strength of the police force in the country as of December 2011 was 16.60 lakh against the sanctioned strength of 20.86 lakh with Uttar Pradesh leading the pack in reporting vacancies.Other states which reported huge vacancy include Andhra Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Maharashtra, Haryana and West Bengal. Among UTs, Chandigarh and Delhi too face shortfall.The shortage of cops for actual policing is compounded if one takes into account the number of personnel deployed for VIP security. Though latest figures are not available with the ministry as different states have different levels of deployment for security, data for 2010 shows that 16,788 VIPs across the country were guarded by 50,059 police personnel which is 21,761 more than what was actually sanctioned for their security.TOI had earlier reported how the vacancy position and excessive deployment of police for VIP security left only one cop for 761 common citizens as against three cops for one VIP.Incidentally, Punjab, which reports a vacancy of nearly 8,000 personnel, deployed the maximum 5,410 cops for VIP security followed by 5,001 personnel by Delhi and 3,958 by Andhra Pradesh.Excessive deployment for VIP security and the overall shortage due to vacancies has led to an adverse police population ratio (number of policemen per one lakh population) in the country. Though the smaller states have a good ratio, the shortage mainly affects bigger states like UP, Bihar and West Bengal where vacancy position is quite high.The highest number of policemen per one lakh population is reported in Andaman &amp; Nicobar Islands (1,064) followed by Mizoram (996) and Manipur (877) while Bihar recorded the worst ratio (65) followed by Dadra &amp; Nagar Haveli (89), West Bengal (92) and UP (94) against 137 at the national level.Delhi, incidentally, has a relatively good ratio (448) compared to other UTs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17738136", "title": "Cops crack international loan fraud; 6 held", "text": "HYDERABAD: Central Crime Station (CCS) sleuths on Sunday nabbed a city-based gang indulging in an international loan fraud perpetrated on the lines of the notorious Nigerian fraudsters and arrested six persons.Police arrested Atiq Abbas, 37, of Azampura, Syed Abdul Basith, 42, of Chandrayangutta, B Niranjan Reddy, 37, of Somajiguda, Faheem Akhtar, 41, of Malakpet, Mohammed Daulat Khan, 39, and Syed Nusrath, 36, of Chanchalguda.In October 2011, Basith, Atiq and one Simran Veer Singh from Delhi had set up a call centre at Deccan Towers, Basheerbagh, with just 18 computers.Veer Singh used to obtain details of loan seekers residing in the UK and the US through his contacts there and pass them on to the other accused.The three hired several youngsters from the city, who were fluent in English, and made them communicate with the loan-seekers in foreign accent, posing as if they were talking from a financial institution based in their own country, where they have gone for a loan.\"The members attained the customers' confidence by talking like bankers and promised to debit the desired loan amount within 30 minutes into their account. After winning the customer's confidence, they asked him or her to pay a refundable upfront fee ranging between 120 and 210 pounds,\" Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma said.The gang members then directed the victims to make the payment through online money transfer agencies like Ukash, Paysafe, MoneyGram, Western Union and intimate the transaction code to the call centre.As the loan amount would not get debited even 30 minutes after paying the upfront money, the victims would once again approach the accused, who would then instruct them to make additional payments for tax, solicitor fee and protocol fee.Immediately after the customers gave away the transaction code, the gang members converted the same to Liberty Reserve Currency (International payment processing firm) and get that encashed in the city through one Praveen of Miyapur, the commissioner said.In this way, they had cheated several people to the tune of Rs one crore and opened three more offices in Banjara Hills, Somajiguda and Malakpet, under the supervision of Niranjan Reddy, Daulat Khan and Nusrat.The gang had duped hundreds of US and UK residents to the tune of Rs three crore.Acting on a specific alert, 10 special teams of CCS sleuths headed by additional CP Sandeep Shandilya conducted simultaneous raids on the offices of the fraudsters on Saturday and arrested the culprits on Sunday. Police seized 85 computers, Rs 90,000 cash, a Honda Accord and a Chevrolet Cruze sedan from their possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17736404", "title": "ABVP gears up for national convention", "text": "PATNA: At its three-day 58th national convention to start here on Wednesday, Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) would pick up the call for 'vyavastha parivartan (systemic change)' given by Jayaprakash Narayan 38 years ago and then strive all through the coming year to finally achieve 'satta parivartan (change of ruling power)' at the Centre through the 2014 elections.Former foreign secretary J C Sharma would inaugurate the convention that would have its 'shobha yatra' in the city on Thursday, ending into its open session at Gandhi Maidan, later. While the convention would conclude on Friday, the girl delegates from various states participating in it would stay back to discuss feminist issues, including that of Delhi gang rape and reach at resolutions for the follow-up action.Around 3,500 student delegates pooled from 28 states are arriving to participate in the convention. ABVP has around 20 lakh members in the country, said Marathe. Its state secretary Praveen Kumar added this students' outfit of the sangh parivar has around 1 lakh members in Bihar. \"The real assessment of the strength, however, would be clear at the convention,\" Dutt said.According to Marathe, on Monday and Tuesday, the ABVP national executive council would deliberate on issues facing the student community like privatization of education and opening of private universities, FDI in multi-brand retail, corruption, sense of insecurity faced by North East students studying in various states, and environment, among others, to reach at proposals to be presented at the convention for their final adoption.Marathe slammed the Centre for not doing much to fulfil its promise of opening eight central universities in various states that it made in 2008. He added ABVP would continue to oppose opening of five Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) centres in the states concerned, including Bihar and Maharashtra, to pre-empt the likely divisive moves aimed at hurting the national unity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740540", "title": "B'wood at dance academy annual celebration", "text": "At the annual day of Diana Tyagi's Star Dance and Fitness Academy (SDFA), Kajol and Alia Bhatt made their presence felt. Also, kids from Star Dance Academy's 21 centres in Mumbai competed with each other for several prizes.Kajol, Alia Bhatt, Sunidhi Chauhan , Saakshi Tanwar, Gia Manek, Remo, Darsheel Safary, international movement therapist Dilshad Patel, Jackie Bhagnani, Isha Sharvani , Sharad Kelkar, Kritika Kamra, the mayor Sunil Prabhu, skin expert Dr.Malvika Kohli, educationist Swati Popat Vats and Dr Ajeenkya Patil were seen at the celebration. Kajol wore a vintage broach, silk blouse and black skirt from Zara, while Alia Bhatt turned up in red salwar kameez.Dance Director, Shailesh Ranjak put up a great performance along with Gia. Diana offers free training to kids from NGOs. Kajol said, \"SDFA's work towards providing livelihood and encouragement to the underprivileged is truly commendable. The institute trains so many children from NGOs and the police constabulary free of charge, not just to put up a show for their annual day but on an on-going basis, to make them instructors and a part of society.\"Said Diana, \"The academy has been a passion for me. A labour of love. I can't stop thanking everyone who has made this possible.\" Chairman of the academy and Diana's husband, Raj Tyagi was seen mingling with the guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17736077", "title": "Student stripped, whipped in Jiwaji varsity; 3 suspended", "text": "BHOPAL: A 21-year-old student enrolled with Jiwaji University, Gwalior, was allegedly stripped and whipped by his seniors to rag him in the hostel.The student shot off a letter to his warden on Saturday threatening suicide. In the letter, he said, no action was taken against the accused students despite the fact that the matter was brought to the notice of authorities on many occasions.The victim, Gauri Shankar Dubey, 21, of Allahabad is a 1st semester student of school of studies in physical education and was living in Captain Roop Singh Hostel on the university campus.In his complaint to the warden -Dr Keshav Singh - he named three seniors Sukhendra Singh Gurjar, Sukhveer Singh Gurjar and Prashant Tripathi, alleging that he was a victim to severe ragging. \"They used to undress and lash me with a whip in inebriated condition,\" he wrote. He also mentioned that the college authorities were not taking any action against the students despite a clutch of complaints.University registrar professor Anand Mishra told media that all three students have been suspended and an internal inquiry has been initiated.When contacted, Gwalior SP Dr G K Pathak told TOI that Dubey has left to Allahabad after reporting the incident to warden. \"We called him up on his mobile for details. Strong action would be taken against the accused after gathering statement and verifying victim's claims,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi/visakhapatnam", "code": "17735859", "title": "YSR Congress invited to crucial Telangana meet", "text": "NEW DELHI/VISAKHAPATNAM: Jaganmohan Reddy's YSR Congress has been invited for the first time to the crucial all-party meeting on Telangana to be held on December 28. Formal invitations have been sent to eight parties of the state and their confirmation of participation in the much-awaited meeting taken on telephone. Those invited for the meeting include Congress, BJP, Telangana Rashtra Samithi, CPI, CPM, TDP, All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen and YSR Congress, official sources said.This is for the first time that YSR Congress, which has 17 MLAs in the Assembly, has been invited to an all-party meeting on Telangana. Two earlier meetings of political parties on Telangana issue were held on January 5, 2010 and January 6, 2011. YSR Congress was not formed then. Jaganmohan is currently in jail in connection with an alleged disproportionate assets case.The announcement for the all-party meeting was made by Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde on December 5 on the eve of vote on FDI investment in multi-brand retail. Though there was a request from chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy to postpone the meeting as the date clashes with the World Telugu Conference, the Centre has decided to hold it as scheduled. Meanwhile, former minister and YSR Congress leader Konda Surekha on Sunday said her party was yet to decide on the delegation to participate in the all-party meeting on the Telangana issue in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741346", "title": "Salman thinks about charity even on sets", "text": "Salman Khan is surely the man with golden heart in Bollywood. Flora Saini, who makes a comeback with Dabangg 2 claims that the actor thinks about his charity even on the sets.Flora, who plays a journalist in Arbaaz Khan's Dabangg 2 , speaks about Salman's charitable side. \"Salman thinks a lot about his charity even on the sets. He generally doesn't speak about it, but while we were shooting we could make out his strong involvement in charity work,\" said Flora.\"He doesn't forget the people whom he likes. He will go out of his way to help them. Salman is such a big superstar that all I could ask was a picture with him,\" added Floral.On being asked about her experience with Salman, she said, \"He was very nice and polite, but there were so many things he was involved with that we didn't disturb him apart from shots.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "manho (khunti district)", "code": "17738597", "title": "Khunti villagers justify killing of 'eve-teasers'", "text": "MANHO (KHUNTI DISTRICT): The decision to kill the \"eve-teasers\" was taken by the residents of Manho a week before the actual execution.The youths arrested in connection with the killing of five youths confessed to police on Sunday that furious over the act of the miscreants, the villagers decided to punish them on Saturday. Altogether 12 tribals have been arrested in connection with the lynching of five \"eve-teasers\" at Manho village of Khunti district.\"We killed them because they used to harass our sisters and daughters,\" said Ashiyan Sanga, 22, whose sister claims to be one of the victims of \"eve-teasing\". Ashiyan who has been arrested talked to TOI before being forwarded to jail on Monday.Jai Pal Prajapati, the deputy mukhiya of Manho village, also confirmed that the villagers were infuriated with the \"eve-teasers\". Altogether 31 people have been accused in the FIR. An infuriated tribal group of Manho had crushed the heads of the five men with boulders on Saturday. The deceased hailed form the same village. One of the deceased (Jitendra alias Pappu Prasad) had allegedly raped a minor while she was on her way to school last year. P 3Khunti SP Amarnath Mishra said, Suraj Mahto, another deceased, had a criminal background and had been to jail in the past. \"He and his accomplices are reported to be trouble-makers and also indulged in harassing girls.\" He added. Khunti, a tribal dominated district, also has past records of mass killings by mob.Atva Pahan, 45, an arrested person, said the decision to kill them was taken in a meeting. \"Eight days ago, the village had decided to teach them a lesson. On Saturday, we brought an earth-moving machine in our field to cut the stones into pieces,\" Pahan told TOI before boarding the police van for jail.On Sunday, a group of 100 women laid siege to Khunti police station to protest against the arrest of their men folk. Subdivisional police officer (SDPO) of Khunti Ashwini Kumar Sinha was gheraoed by the womenfolk who tried to justify the \"punishment\" against the \"eve-teasers\".Investigating officer of the case Chandrabhan Ram from his local sources confirmed that the villagers had held a meeting eight days ago over different local issues including the problem created by those killed by the mob.An intermediate student of Birsa College (Khunti) Paulina Sanga, a 10+2 student of a high school Sunita Sanga, and a class X student of Government Upgraded High School Haruhappa were among dozens of other girls who told TOI that how the five deceased had made their lives unbearable. Anmol Sanga, the mother of a girl who was harassed by the youths, said, \"Suraj Mahto had triggered a blast outside my house when I had decided to lodge an FIR for eve-teasing.\"Officer in charge of Khunti police station Taleshwar Ram said, \"The arrested persons have confessed that they killed the trouble-makers because they misbehaved with women. Investigations are on to find out more details and the reason behind the violence will become clear only when the inquiry concludes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17736875", "title": "CBI misinterpreted law against", "text": "RAIPUR: Questioning the closure report filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in horse trading case against former Chhattisgarh chief minister Ajit Jogi, a protest petition has been filed here in the special CBI court, pointing out that the premier investigating agency has \"misinterpreted\" the provisions of the law and pleaded the court to take cognizance of offences under Prevention of Corruption Act and criminal conspiracy.\"We have filed a protest petition on December 21, requesting the court to take cognizance of offences and to start process under Prevention of Corruption Act, and under section 120 (b) read with 34 against Ajit Jogi, his son Amit Jogi, former member of Parliament P R Khunte and one Som Prakash Giri,\" complainant Virendra Pandey's counsel N N Chaturvedi told TOI. He said the case would now come up for hearing in the court of Ranjini Dubey, special judge for CBI cases on January 22.The alleged cash-for MLA scam took place in December 2003 immediately after the results of Chhattisgarh maiden assembly polls came in. Displaying wads of currency notes at a mid-night press conference, BJP leaders led by Arun Jaitley alleged that the then chief minister Ajit Jogi had attempted to buy some tribal MLAs for engineering a split in the newly elected BJP legislature party immediately after the results came in that BJP had won 50 seats in the elections out of which 26 were tribal MLAs.Virendra Pandey, who was then in BJP, had lodged an FIR naming then chief minister Ajit Jogi, his son Amit and PR Khunte, an MP, and another person as accused. Subsequently, the case was handed over to the CBI. According to the complainant Virendra Pandey, a former chairman of the state finance commission , Ajit Jogi had earlier moved the high court seeking quashing of FIR in the case but did not get relief and the high court dismissed the petition, observing that there was a prima facie case in view of the circumstances involved. In his protest petition, Pandey questioned the CBI contention that Ajit Jogi was only a \"caretaker chief minister\" between December 4 and December 7, 2003. He also said that the newly elected members of Chhattisgarh Legislative Assembly were yet to take oath of office at that time, alleging that the CBI has wrongly interpreted provisions of prevention of corruption act.Quoting extensively from the CBI's closure report, the petitioner said that the facts and circumstances and evidence collected was sufficient to take cognizance of offences and start process against Ajit Jogi and others in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17735999", "title": "UGC NET exam on December 30", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The UGC Junior Research Fellow (JRF)/ lectureship NET examinations will be held on December 30 at nine centres in the city.The first paper for 100 marks will be held between 9.30 am and 10.45 am and the second paper, also for 100 marks, will be between 10.45 am and 12 noon. The third paper is scheduled between 1.30 pm and 4 pm, for 150 marks.The nine examination centres include Andhra University Arts College, AU Science College, AU College of Engineering, AU Women's Engineering College, Dr B R Ambedkar College of Law, AU Pharmacy College, AU School of Distance Education, Gayatri Vidya Parishad and Samatha College at MVP Colony.The candidates, who registered at Andhra University examination centre (03) are requested to attend the exam with admit card and visit the varsity website www.andhrauniversity.info/ugc.html for further details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17735778", "title": "Rs 15 lakh theft in Navrangpura house", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Thieves made away with valuables worth Rs 15.58 lakh from a house near Darpan Crossroads in Navrangpura on Saturday. The flat was one of the four burgled in one night. Police suspect handiwork of the same gang in the incident.According to Gujarat University (GU) police station officials, Usha Patel, a resident of Ratilal Park Society, informed city police about burglary at her house on Sunday morning. Investigators reached the spot with forensic experts.\"As per Patel's statement, she had gone to her parents' house in Kadi on Saturday. On Sunday morning, her neighbours informed her about the burglary. When she came back to Ahmedabad, she found latch and lock of her door broken. The thieves had ransacked the house and stole gold and silver jewellery, metal idols, gold and silver coins and Rs 33,000 cash,\" said a police official.Investigators said that Patel, a social worker and daughter of a former MP from the state, lives alone as both her sons are settled in Canada . When she had left for her native, she had latched the iron grill and had locked the wooden door. Investigators added that the thieves spent considerable time inside the house as they consumed milk and some eatables from the refrigerator.Inspector of GU police station V M Selar said that the theft took place most probably late on Saturday night. \"The thieves took care of the neighbours by latching their doors from outside so that nobody could come out and raise an alarm. They also broke into an adjoining flat but could not steal anything,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17735779", "title": "Speeding vehicles kill two cops, injure five", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Home Guards jawan, accompanying a patrol party on Viramgam-Ahmedabad road, was run over by a speeding vehicle on Saturday night. The same vehicle also toppled a police vehicle, injuring five others. Manjita Vanzara, probationary DSP and niece of suspended senior cop D G Vanzara, was among those injured in the incident.According to Viramgam police officials, Vanzara, leading a team of six, was on vehicle checking drive on Saturday night with a police sub-inspector, a probationary sub-inspector, two constables, a Lok Rakshak jawan and a Home Guards jawan. When they were on the highway at 1.30 am, the team saw a truck parked on the roadside. Amrat Chauhan, the Home Guards jawan, got down to ask the truck driver to move the vehicle as it could fatal accidents, parked the way it was.\"As he was walking towards the truck and crossing the highway, an unidentified vehicle came from the opposite direction and hit him. Chauhan was flung away due to the impact. He sustained severe injuries, resulting into his death,\" said a Viramgam police official. \"The vehicle then rammed into the Tata Sumo used by police team. The impact was such that it rolled down off the road. Vanzara got fractures whereas other team members also got severe injuries,\" the official added.In another incident, three including an assistant sub-inspector died in a head-on collision near Gandhinagar on Friday night. According to Dehgam police, the incident took place late on Saturday night as Amrat Thakor, a resident of Dehgam, was returning home with his dumper. On the way, Devaji Chauhan, an assistant sub-inspector, took a lift in his vehicle. As they got down from Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar road to a rough road, a dumper coming from the opposite direction rammed into it head-on. The impact was such that both the drivers' cabins got destroyed.\"We are yet to identify the third victim, driver of the second dumper as he did not have any identity documents on him. Thakor's relatives were called on the spot, who identified him. We have charged the unidentified driver for the accident,\" said a Dehgam police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17738634", "title": "India Gate area to be cleaned ahead of Putin visit on December 24", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Russian President Vladimir Putin arriving here on Monday for a day-long visit, the civic agencies are planning to clean-up the area around India Gate \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the site of a mass protest and violence against the gang rape in the city.President Putin is likely to visit India Gate Monday, a source told IANS.\"We will clear away the stones and glass and paper lying on the roads early Monday morning,\" New Delhi Municipal Corporation ( NDMC) spokesperson Amit Prasad told IANS.The work will be done along with workers of the Central Public Works Department (CPWD) as the area around Amar Jawan Jyoti falls under CPWD, he said.Government sources said that orders have been passed to the civic agency to clear the area by Monday morning.The India Gate Sunday saw mass protests against the brutal gang-rape of a 23-year-old woman. Some of the protesters indulged in violence and stone pelting. They also smashed the wind-screens and windows of several buses in the area.The lawns were littered with footwear and bags of protestors after police resorted to a cane charge to disperse the protesters. Banners and placards carried by the protestors were also strewn around.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17738399", "title": "Schools to announce points system for nursery admissions by December 31", "text": "NEW DELHI: With pre-school (nursery) admissions for the new session 2013-14, to begin on January 1, 2013, all schools in the city \u00e2\u20ac\u201d private and aided \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are to announce their respective points system by December 31. Schools will begin selling application forms from January 1 till January 15, 2013, which is the last date for submitting forms. As per the directorate of education ( DOE) guidelines for the new session, all schools are required to give and receive application forms on all the 15 days, as many schools did not follow the practice last year and closed the sale of forms before the mandated date. Also, it has made it binding on schools to follow the calendar, which was not the case till last year when many schools used to change the dates by filing a request.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17737884", "title": "Bitter sweet: Having kids makes mothers poorer, fathers richer", "text": "LONDON: Fatherhood pays bonus ! Men who have children earn almost up to 19% more than their childless counterparts by the age of 40, according to a new study.Analysis by the Institute for Public Policy Research (IPPR) also found that mothers suffer a \"pay penalty\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with incomes upto 14% less than women who do not have children.According to the statistics, fathers win a \"pay bonus\" as their salaries are likely to be almost a fifth higher than men who do not have children, The Telegraph reported. The study shows although women have made substantial progress in the workplace over the past three decades, with the \"gender pay gap\" having almost disappeared, having children can set them back professionally.IIPPR believes that men who become fathers increase their earning capacity because they feel a greater responsibility towards their families and compensating, in some cases, for their partners' reduced earnings.Many employers are said to value fatherhood because it is thought to make male staff more responsible and loyal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d putting them at the top of the queue for promotions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17742261", "title": "Wish every actor had fame like Salman: Ravi Kishan", "text": "Ravi Kishan is happy doing supporting roles in Bollywood and claims to have many friends in the industry. He feels that every actor in B'town should have had fame and friend like Salman Khan.Salman is known for his magnanimous heart and helping spirit, having boost the careers of people like Sajid- Wajid and Himesh Reshammiya to name a few. And Ravi echoes the sentiments and said, \"Salman is a very good friend of mine and all I wish for him is happiness. He is very helping and has done immense charity work which helps many. I wish every actor had fame like Salman Khan in the film fraternity.\"He also wishes the star another stupendous year of success!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17737599", "title": "Giripremi plans expedition to Mount Everest in April", "text": "PUNE: Moutaineers from Giripremi, a mountaineering club here, are planning to scale world's fourth-highest mountain Mt. Lhotse (height 8,516 m) as well as Mt Everest (height 8,848 m) during April-May 2013.The Lhotse-Everest 2013 is being planned to mark 60 years of the first successful Mt. Everest expedition. A team of eight people will attempt to climb Mt. Lhotse from the north-west, ie, the Nepal side of the mountain, said Umesh Zirpe, leader of the dual expedition. This would be the first Indian civil expedition to be undertaken simultaneously on these two peaks, he said.\"We will hoist the Indian Tricolour and the Maharashtra state flag on both the peaks. This expedition is taken up after a Giripremi team's expedition to Mt. Everest in May this year,'' he said.The other climbing members of the team will be Tekraj Adhikari, Ashish Mane, Anand Mali, Bhushan Harshe and Ganesh More, with Sachin Deng and Ajit Tate as support members. The team will split up for the attempt.Mt. Lohtse is the only mountain that stands near Mt. Everest on the Nepal-Tibet border. The mountain is known for the difficult climb because of its deadly south face which rises around 2 km steep and the narrow summit where only a few mountaineers can hardly stand, he said.The cost for the expedition will be Rs 90 lakh. We expect support from citizens as well as corporates too,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chandrapur/nagpur", "code": "17736589", "title": "Naxal supporters sent to PCR till December 28", "text": "CHANDRAPUR/NAGPUR: Security forces on Saturday arrested Venkatramma Reddy, Satyanarayan Parpatlawar and Chhinayya Soyam for allegedly supporting the Naxals. Sources said NCP leader from Sironcha Parpatlawar reportedly acted as a middleman between the manager and Naxals.Superintendent of police Suvez Haque confirmed the arrest of three Naxal supporters. \"We had information about the movement of some persons who often brought aid for the Naxal dalam involved in Lankachen encounter. The operation to nab them was planned accordingly,\" he said. The trio was produced before the judicial magistrate who sent them to police custody till December 28.Sources said Reddy was working on the irrigation project on Chandrapur-Gadchiroli border for the last couple of months.Haq said the manager belonged to Andhra Pradesh and had supplied cash to Naxals in the past.Details of the material seized from the accused could not be known, but sources said some cash was also recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17737328", "title": "Man robbed of Rs 50,000 cash", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 43-year-old man was robbed of Rs 50,000 by two youths at Mettupalayam on Saturday. Police arrested the duo and they have been lodged in Coimbatore central prison. Police said the victim G Anandakumar of Velandipalayam works in a jewellery shop. He had pledged his gold jewels in a pawnbroker shop at Mettupalayam. Two youths had given an advertisement in a newspaper saying that they would help the people get back their pledged gold jewels. The advertisement also said that people can also pledge the gold jewels to the duo. The duo in return would offer more money than others. Seeing the advertisement, Anandakumar approached the duo H Sahul Hameed, 24 of Pandikad in Malappuram district in Kerala and A Mohammed Abdulla, 23 of Kamarajar Nagar in Mettupalayam to get back his gold jewels.On Saturday, the duo advised him to bring Rs 50,000 to get back his gold jewels from the pawnbroker shop. The duo told him that they would pay the remaining amount. Anandakumar believed his words and went to Mettupalayam. When the victim approached the duo, they snatched the money bag and fled from the scene. He lodged a complaint with Mettuplayam police station and the police arrested Sahul Hammed and Mohammed Abdulla.Similarly, a 25-year-old man S Senthilkumar of Uppilipalayam in the city was robbed of Rs 1.5 lakh by two persons on Saturday. Perianaickenpalyam police registered a case and the investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17737790", "title": "Well-off dalits can forego quota, says Ambedkar", "text": "AURANGABAD: Bharipa Bahujan Mahasangh (BBM) president Prakash Ambedkar on Sunday said it was good that financially stable dalits were saying no to reservations and other welfare facilities of the government.\"A section of the underprivileged society which has achieved a satisfactory level of prosperity can afford to refuse the facilities. But a large section is still struggling at the bottom of the social pyramid that needs the government's helping hand,\" he said. He urged trendsetters to give back to society.\"Denying the facilities will not compel us to mention our caste in the documents. We may ignore the column in documents and say no to the facilities. The evolved middle class people of the society have done this in the latest census,\" he said. Ambedkar was speaking at a meeting organised in the city to review preparations of Bhartiya Boudha Mahasabha, which will be held on January 19 and 20, 2013 in Aurangabad.The grandson of B R Ambedkar said the time had come to show their achievements. \"Let us unite and show our strength. If you have earned money, gained position and built properties, let the world see it. Your success would be a role model for those who are lagging behind,\" he said.The new class of the community has evolved but they are not yet organized, he said. \"We have professors, lawyers, engineers and other professionals belonging to the Buddhist community who can contribute, but the absence of a proper platform has kept us in isolation. We need to bring them together under one roof,\" he said.He said the group would take forward the ideology of Dr Ambedkar. \"The new group would fight for the justice of the underprivileged. They can raise their voice against growing cases of corruption in the country,\" he said.Ambedkar observed that young generation would play crucial role in shaping the society. \"Today's youths is more sensitive to social and political issues as compared to those of yesteryears,\" he said. The agitation in Delhi against crime on women was an example of their sensitivity, he said.Addressing a non-political forum of intellectuals from the city, Ambedkar said social issues are relegated to the backseat on political platforms. The agenda of the political parties was different and hence social and religious issues could not be addressed through it. He asked the Bhartiya Boudh Mahasabha to highlight such points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17736832", "title": "Maharashtra to release Tillari water: CM", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that his counter part in Maharashtra Prithviraj Chavan has assured him to release water to Goa from Tillari irrigation project, which has been stopped over the last 14 days due to an agitation inside a canal.Parrikar on Sunday morning spoke to Chavan on phone and discussed the Tillari water issue.Speaking to media persons, Parrikar said \"He (Maharashtra CM) has assured me to look into the issue and I am hopeful that he will take necessary steps.\" He further said that there is an agreement between the two states and they should honour the agreement.Parrikar added that Maharashtra should immediately release the water to Goa. Parrikar will meet the farmers of Ibrahampur on December 25 to listen to the problems faced by the agriculturists due to water being stopped from Tillari project. \"We will try to make alternative arrangement by pumping water from Sal, Assnora river to protect the existing crop,\" he said.Parrikar further said this issue should be settled sitting across the table and not using blackmail tactics.\"If the water is not released then I will raise the issue with Chavan when I will meet him on December 27 at the meeting of CMs in Delhi,\" said Parrikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17742365", "title": "Low conviction rate spurring sexual assault cases in India: Legal experts", "text": "MUMBAI: Sexual assaults on women across the country increased by 25% in the six years to 2011 and a significant contributory cause of the alarming trend, legal experts believe, was the low conviction rate in rape cases.According to data collated by the National Crime Records Bureau, 19,348 instances of rape were recorded in India in 2006. By the year 2008, the figure rose to 21,467, and by the year 2011, it was 24,206. This 25% rise in six years, legal experts assert, assumes more disturbing shades, given the poor conviction rate in sexual assault cases.Last year, across India, the police filed chargesheets in nearly 94% of the incidents of rape but, separately, convictions were achieved in just 25% of the rape cases pending before courts. Compared to this, the police filed chargesheets in 85% of murder cases and convictions were realized in 40% of such trials before the judiciary.This considerable variation puzzles legal eagles. They point out that the filing of a chargesheet means the police have thoroughly investigated a crime; it also signifies that law-enforcers have a prima facie case, with strong evidence, to establish that the accused person committed the offence. Why is it then, lawyers ask, that the police case so often falls apart when the trial starts in court? How are teams of defence lawyers so frequently able to punch holes in police contentions, eventually securing freedom for their clients?\"The police must ensure that they file the chargesheet as far as possible within the stipulated time limit of 90 days. Equally importantly, they should ensure that the evidence, gathered scientifically, is incontestable,\" said human rights lawyer Mihir Desai.In Mumbai, a Right to Information Act (RTI) query revealed that between 2001 and 2010 there were approximately 400 unsolved murder cases and around 115 unsolved cases of sexual assault.Activist Jeetendra Ghadge, who filed the RTI application, said, \"The main problem is that, due to the abysmal conviction rates, there is no fear of law among criminals. A recent example of this was the sexual assault on a Spanish expatriate in the city. The accused there was out on bail for 10 different crimes involving break-ins.\"When cases are not solved over a prolonged period, Ghadge said, the police can close them by filing 'A' summary reports. But when they make such a decision in a rape case, he continued, cops forget that they are deepening the trauma of thevictim and leaving multitudes of women exposed to the unidentified sexual assaulter.Women's activist and lawyer Flavia Agnes said her NGO Majlis has undertaken a study of rape cases in Mumbai and will soon compile data on convictions and acquittals. \"The aim of the study is to examine actual cases that were tried, identifythe loopholes in the system and find ways to plug them. This would help the prosecution in conducting better trials in future,\" explained Agnes. \"The data and material gathered so far shows a very low conviction rate in rape cases.\"In Maharashtra, the overall conviction rate stood at less than 9% in 2011. For this too, legal experts blame the poor coordination between the police machinery and prosecutors.In an effort to bring in some change, the state government set up a committee two years ago. The panel recommended weekly meetings between police officers and prosecutors during investigations and later monthly meetings between senior policemen and prosecutors. The idea, unfortunately for the state, is yet to take root.Terrible shame for society damaging the causeThe low conviction rate in rape cases is owed to several reasons, primary among them being police ineptness. Lawyers say the men in khaki often fail to collect evidence properly, enfeebling the prosecution's case in court:Forensic evidence is vital in rape trials. That is why rules unambiguously state the procedures for evidence collection and analysis. Police are mandated to follow a process for custody and storage of samples of vaginal swabs, skin and other agents\u00e2\u20ac\u201dbut they seldom do. This disregard of rules causes trouble for the prosecution and frequently leads to acquittal of the accused Police do not get the victim's medical examination conducted in time.The delay leads to flawed results and erasure of cogent evidence, such as presence of semen.Chargesheets are often filed late despite the 90-day deadline. To curb this trend, lawyers say, errant cops should be suspended and punished if they fail to provide suitable reasons for the delay.Given the frequent bungling by cops, legal eagles suggest appointment of special prosecutors for rape trials to ensure that the evidence gathered by policemen in such cases is incontestable and incontrovertible.Trial courts are occasionally faced with a peculiar situation. As the trial gets drawn out due to judicial backlog, the victim's statement at times slightly diverges from that recorded in the FIR or before a magistrate. Lawyers recommend fasttracking rape trials\u00e2\u20ac\u201deven establishment of a 60-day deadline\u00e2\u20ac\u201dto avert this setback and to ensure that the victim's trauma is not played out in court for a prolonged period.A major requirement in cases of sexual assault is sensitivity. Victims have to recount the trauma in court (even in an in-camera trial) for the judge. That is why, experts insist, it is imperative that prosecutors handle the victims with extreme sensitivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17736742", "title": "Rape rage refuses to die down in Patna", "text": "PATNA: The countrywide outrage over the gang-rape of a 23-year-old woman in a moving bus in New Delhi continued to resonate in Patna on Sunday as people demanded exemplary punishment for the offenders and a tougher law to prevent further rapes. Even though mercury dipped in the city, this didn't deter the protesters from taking to the streets. A march was taken out on Sunday from Kargil Chowk to Patna high court roundabout. Some other small marches were also organized in different parts of the city.\"Men should remember Newton's third law. Every action has an equal and opposite reaction. Today you tease someone's daughter, tomorrow your daughter will be teased,\" said Swati, who participated in a protest march.\"Unless there are tougher laws which provide exemplary punishment, rapes will continue. The rapists should be hanged in public,\" said Arti, a student.\"India should bring in a law similar to what Gulf countries have. The action needs to be fast. The offenders should be given painful punishment before they are hanged to death,\" said Tushar Ajit.The demand for tougher punishment was also echoed by other agitators. \"These protest marches are outpouring of the emotions of citizens.Politicians should take a serious note of it because we are not satisfied with the age-old laws anymore. Some amendments are needed in the Constitution of India.\"While there was strong demand for death sentence to the accused, there were many people who expressed concern over their own security in the city.\"Rapes have happened in Patna earlier. Molestation and eve-teasing have become order of the day. As a woman, I am apprehensive of going out at night alone,\" said Payal, a working woman.The virtual world was also abuzz with demands for hanging the culprits. \"Not only the Delhi gang rape accused, every rapist should be hanged at a public place,\" wrote Avik, a Patnaite on his Facebook wall.Sonia, another Patnaite, wrote, \"Men can derive pleasure even when staring at women. But why do they not realize that someone else is also tormenting his sister or daughter the same way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17738505", "title": "Flower &amp; vegetable exhibition in capital", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Colourful flowers, leafy and green vegetables, tempting fruits, aromatic plants, medicinal herbs, vegetable carving, tips on food preservation, nutrition and plenty of competitions. There was something for everyone at the state-level flower and vegetable show 2012, organised by directorate of horticulture, which kicked off here on Sunday.Farmers, nurserymen, homemakers and students participated in different sections of the show. More than 700 flowers and 1,750 varieties of vegetables and their products were displayed.Inaugurating the show, chief minister Naveen Patnaik said, \"Horticulture has been a profitable venture. Under the national vegetable initiative, vegetable cultivation has been initiated within 100 km of the city and the same scheme will be started in other cities like Rourkela, Sambalpur, and Berhampur.'' He said vegetable cultivation is done in seven lakh hectare while floriculture is done in 7,500 hectare in the state.\"I have never seen such a big pumpkin, brinjal or radish in my life. They are awesome in size. When our farmers can produce such healthy vegetables, why are we still depending on neighboring states? Besides, the fair is the perfect place to get expert tips for my kitchen garden,\" said Alpana Rath, a homemaker.The show, which will continue tomorrow, saw exquisite flower arrangements set in elegant patterns coupled with herbal plants, roses, hanging plants and potted plants.Horticulture director S K Chadha said, \"This year has been celebrated as Year of Horticulture. A lot of activities have been planned around the fruit and vegetable show. Our focus is on food and flower preservation and encouraging farmers to take up flower and vegetable cultivation in large scale. We have also displayed advanced agriculture techniques and farm mechanizations.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17736248", "title": "Role of father in youth\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s murder suspected", "text": "BHOPAL: The police have zeroed in on four persons, including father of the deceased for their suspected role in the murder a youth in Berasia on December 19. The youth was found murdered with multiple stab wounds in Berasia area.Body of Ajay Agrawal, 30, a resident of Lakherapura, was recovered from the jungles near Kararia jod. Officials said it was a contract killing planned by father of the deceased. The deceased's father, Ramesh Agrawal, a cloth trader, had allegedly conspired murder of his son through one of his servants and two others, the police added.As for the motive for the crime, the police do not say anything beyond the habit of the main accused and pressures the deceased put on his father for money. However, officials claimed that shocking disclosures came to light and more details would be disclosed on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17737932", "title": "Dadar Union gets a makeover", "text": "MUMBAI: It was a mixed Sunday for the cricket fraternity in Mumbai. The lazy breakfast and cup of tea wouldn't have tasted too well what with Sachin Tendulkar , Mumbai's favourite cricketing son and India's greatest batsman, announcing his retirement from ODIs.The evening though brought with it some cheer as one of the city's oldest cricket clubs, Dadar Union, got a new pavilion for itself. The impressive structure was inaugurated by Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chauhan in Matunga.While Tendulkar was the talking point amongst the august gathering, the fact that their favourite club, which was in tatters till very recently, had acquired a swanky makeover, thrilled the loyalists. The debate of what next for Tendulkar was put to rest, the moment senior Dadar Union pro and former Mumbai coach Vasu Paranjpe was asked to speak.\"I wonder why I am handed the mike first when the honourable CM Chavan Saheb' MCA president Ravi Savant and Dadar Union president Madhav Mantri are on the dais,\" he said, adding, humorously, \"I think this is Dilip's (Vengsarkar) idea to put me up front, so that he doesn't have to face the new ball. The crowd including Vengsarkar was in splits.The opening words set the tone for the evening. Paranjpe, whose wit is as famous as his insistence upon discipline and hard work, credited Vengsarkar for finally realising a long existing dream.\"We all talked about doing something for the club. But that's all we did. Talk. But Dilip did what none of us could. It's indeed a great day today,\" said Sanjay Manjrekar' thanking Vengsarkar.It was an evening where old Dadar Union faithfuls enjoyed catching up with each other. Of course, the rivalry with arch rivals Shivaji Park Gymphana (SPG) was discussed and what surprised many was the presence of SPG stalwart and former India skipper Ajit Wadekar .\"We fought hard against each other,\" he recalled. \"But whatever I am today, is because of a few Dadar Union stalwarts,\" he admitted. When asked to explain, he narrated, \"Madhav Mantri had seen me play. So when he was on the selection panel' he suggested my name. A few years later, when I first won a big Test series in West Indies, it was because of another Dadar Union legend, Sunil Gavaskar. I will be always grateful to both.\"As the evening married night, Vengsarkar promised that Dadar Union will rule Mumbai's club circuit like they did in the 1970s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17738426", "title": "For a safe ride: cameras in buses", "text": "The state government plans to make public transport more secure for women with the help of technology. Equipping cabs and autorickshaws with GPS and KSRTC buses with surveillance cameras are some of the measures mooted, following the Delhi gangrape episode.\"Our effort to install GPS in the form of green autorickshaw concept earlier was stalled due to pressure from various quarters. In order to ensure safety of general public , women in particular, all existing and new autorickshaws will be asked to fit GPS,\" deputy chief minister incharge of home and transport R Ashoka told TOI on Sunday.The transport department plans a meeting of maxicabs, autorickshaw and private transport associations on December 27 or 28 to involve them in making public transport system a safe one. \"The meeting is expected to spell out the need for installation of GPS in public transport system. If needed the government will provide financial assistance to autorickshaw drivers to install GPS as it costs more than Rs 3,000,\" Ashoka said.During the meeting, the unions will be told that the driver should display his identity through a badge or a card. Making enforcement strict, the police and transport department will crack down on vehicles , including maxicabs and buses, using tinted glasses and curtains. Among safety measures from the department, Ashoka said that the on-board cameras (surveillance cameras ) would be fitted in all the long route KSRTC buses.This system is being currently experimented in the buses in Tumkur. The on-board camera has the power to record for eight hours. As safety measure , an emergency number 44554422 is given to all the persons reserving tickets in KSRTC premium buses. \"Mobile number will be sought from the person who book tickets . After reservation is confirmed , mobile number of the conductor incharge of the bus will be messaged to the person's number,\" Ashoka said.Interestingly, the KSRTC has relaxed norms and has allowed drivers and conductors to use their mobile phones only during emergencies after Delhi gangrape incident some days ago. Earlier, drivers were not allowed to use mobile phones.Securing public transportGovt plans to install GPS in autos and cabs, and surveillance cameras in KSRTC buses.May offer financial aid to auto drivers to install GPS.Drivers to display their identity using a badge or a card.Crackdown on vehicles, including maxicabs and buses, using tinted glasses and curtains.KSRTC drivers and conductors told to use mobile phones during emergencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17740578", "title": "Central Railway's reservation centres prepared to handle summer bookings", "text": "MUMBAI: In order to cater to huge rush in demand for tickets for long distance trains during summer holidays, Central Railway has decided to regulate the queue post-midnight outside all Passenger Reservation System (PRS) in its jurisdiction.Since the railways have opened the booking for long distance trains four months in advance, the rush for tickets for the month of April 2013 will pick up in the last week of December.A senior railway official said, \"To prevent chaos we have decided to allow queue formation outside PRS office at 12:00 mid-night.\"At CSTM and Thane reservation centres, queue will be formed inside the PRS office in front of the token counter and tokens will be issued at 07:50 am onwards. Reservation will start exactly at 08:00 am.He further said, \"There will be a single line for normal as well as tatkal tickets .However tatkal tickets will be issued only after 10:00am as per turn in the queue.\"CR said that passengers other than in queue will not be allowed to enter the PRS office till all passengers in queue have entered.The official said, \"There will substantial presence of Railway Protection Force (RPF) personnel at PRS centres to ensure law and order. They have been asked keep a vigil on persons who may enter the PRS at the behest of touts to corner the tickets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17736515", "title": "Kolkata under 24x7 watch-and-alert system", "text": "KOLKATA: By January, Kolkata will come under a hi-tech urban surveillance system never before seen in the country and a rarity even in US cities. The fully automated system analyses visual patterns to spot rape, molestation, mugging and robbery on the streets and initiate real-time action by police.The \"Object Tracking/Processing Unit\" has been devised by scientists of the West Bengal University of Technology (WBUT) on the request of chief minister Mamata Banerjee to find a way to use CCTV technology to prevent crime rather than solve crime. The technology is ready and will be installed at major crossings all over the Kolkata Metropolitan area starting January, say sources. New York is under a similar constant monitoring system.Such an artificial intelligence network could have prevented the Park Street rape, for instance, or the string of shootings by bike gangs in south and central Kolkata. Once criminals know that they are being tracked, the surveillance will prove to be an effective deterrent.Significantly for the cash-strapped government, the WBUT scientists could also meet the CM's request to use the existing infrastructure. The CCTV cameras installed to monitor traffic will be hooked to the system. The set-up is not too expensive - installing each unit would cost around Rs 20,000, say sources. The Shyambazar five-point crossing and all entry points of the Salt Lake township will be covered in the first phase.Major traffic crossings in the city are already under 24x7 CCTV cover. However, though they record constantly, the information is stored offline, to be recalled after an incident has happened. The chief minister is learnt to have said that the system is no good to prevent crime and such unpreparedness may cost the city dear. She asked if WBUT could devise a system that would instantly alert police to a crime when it about to take place or when it is still happening.Scientists of the School of Engineering Technology came up with the 'Object Tracking/Processing Unit'.Here is how it works. Picture a normal every day scene on a busy pavement. Office-goers on their way to work. Hawkers peddling their ware. Students grabbing a bite at a roadside stall. The moment something out of the ordinary happens - someone lunges at another person, a pedestrian collapses, a crowd suddenly gathers or a bag is left unattended too long - intelligent algorithms will instantly identify any change in the normal picture and alert a computer placed in the nearest police kiosk, which will set off an alarm at the local police station and then the Lalbazar police headquarters through satellite connectivity. In just a few seconds of a suspicious activity or object being detected, officers will be watching it live on their screens and initiate appropriate action.\"We have designed the system in such a way that the CCTV-linked surveillance system will give the exact coordinates of the object of suspicion to police. There will also be a virtual arrow pointing at the object in the live video feed. The police can zoom in for a closer look so there's no missing it,\" said WBUT vice-chancellor Samir Bandopadhyay, the principal investigating scientist of the team.\"To make it fool-proof and to ensure that the policemen at the thana have been alerted, the system will set off a loud alarm in the main server at Lalbazar. It will also send out SMSes to senior police officers with brief details of the object or incident of suspicion,\" said Pritimoy Sanyal, another scientist in the team.All the computers will be connected through Edusat, a satellite used for distance education. \"We are using a particular bandwidth of Edusat that cannot be easily intercepted. The messages that will be sent from one computer to another will also be encrypted for protection,\" Bandopadhyay said. The team has reportedly worked under the guidance of police commissioner R K Pachnanda.\"This new technology will definitely help to improve the system we have in place now. Security is a major concern for all cities and I am happy that WBUT scientists have come up with a modern surveillance system so quickly. This one is not dependent on constant manning and since it will set off alerts at different levels, there is no chance of missing one,\" said joint commissioner of police-crime Pallab Kanti Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17737498", "title": "Distribute power equitably: Council", "text": "MADURAI: Tamil Nadu Electricity Consumers Joint Council has threatened to go on a state-wide strike on January 9, 2013, if the government fails to distribute electricity to all parts of the state in an equitable manner. The council, which is the umbrella association of over 140 associations of trade, industry, agriculture and others from across the state, held a consultative meeting at Madurai District Tiny and Small Scale Industries Association (MADITSSIA) here on Sunday.As power cuts continue for more than 10 hours in the region, industrial units have taken a heavy toll, incurring huge production costs on captive power. Many smaller units suspended production while some of them even closed down. With the power scenario deteriorating, the associations have decided to appeal for equitable power supply from the government to save trade and industry from further damage and permanent closure.Addressing media, D Balasundaram, president of the council, said the districts and parts of the state other than Chennai are suffering due to the deteriorating power crisis as power cuts were on for more than 10 hours while Chennai was provided with power except for two hours in the day. \"We are demanding that electricity be shared across the state equitably. We met earlier in Coimbatore on December 8 and submitted petitions to the government. As no measures were taken so far and the situation continues, we are planning our next course of action,\" he said.From December 28 to 31, they have decided to take up their appeal through telegrams, faxes and emails to the government and will meet district collectors and submit petitions in this regard. \"Even if there is no response from the government, we have decided to shut down our commercial establishments for a day on January 9,\" Balasundaram said.Meanwhile, they have also urged the state government not to go ahead with Memoranda of Understanding with major companies on the assurance of uninterrupted power supply. As the power crisis is said to worsen further from January to June next year, the council has appealed to the government to sanction adequate funds to the electricity board to procure power from other states so that the power situation will not deteriorate further.The meeting was attended by more than 100 representatives from various trade and industrial associations across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17735880", "title": "Vizag youth join hands to protest Delhi gang-rape", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Protests by angry youth against the brutal gang-rape of a 23-year-old paramedic student that rocked the country's capital have found an echo among the youngsters in the Port City. The usual small talk on trivia SMSs and films seems to have taken a backseat as the incident has turned into a point of discussion across forums. Several young minds seething with anger have come forward to identify and accept the victim as their own friend in distress. Apart from taking out rallies and candlelight marches, they are organising meetings to discuss the course of further action.Doing their bit, students from various engineering colleges joined a batch from Andhra University College of Engineering to organise a protest demanding justice for the victim and harsher punishment for culprits, on Friday night at Siripuram Junction. The students of Gayatri Vidya Parishad took out a rally at MVP Circle on Saturday morning while students of Avanti took out a rally at R K Beach on Sunday morning along with volunteers of Blue Hands, an NGO.Sangeetha, an engineering student, pointed out that the entire student community was moved and almost all colleges are coming forward to conduct a debate on the topic of security for women. \"We are even considering initiating some kind of a martial arts course in colleges and making it mandatory,\" she said.The rallies were marked by students vociferous demanding harsh punishment for culprits such as death sentence and surgical castration. \"We feel as if she is one amongst us, a friend, a sister or a colleague. We also feel for her and the trauma that she had experienced and the pain that she is undergoing now. We intend to organise a prayer meeting for her well-being and quick recovery,\" said Gayatri, a student of Andhra University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "saharsa", "code": "17736462", "title": "Bandh in Saharsa over abduction, gang-rape bid", "text": "SAHARSA: As a wave of indignation sweeps through the area following the attempted abduction and gangrape of a school girl, residents observed a total bandh in the divisional headquarters town of Saharsa on Sunday, disrupting normal life.The shopkeepers downed shutters and markets wore a deserted look. Angry protestors, demanding action against the culprits, jammed the main thoroughfares of the town. Bus services were also affected.Saharsa SP A K Satyarthi said on Sunday that the police have intensified raids on the suspected culprits' houses and hideouts in the district. They would take recourse to measures like attachment of suspected offenders' property if they tried to escape police dragnet.Some anti-social elements on Saturday attempted to abduct and gang-rape a 17-year-old schoolgirl here. Satyarthi has confirmed the incident of abduction, but rubbished the charge of attempt to gang-rape the girl.According to police, Animesh went to a local Government Girls' High School around 12.30 pm and told the girl, Poonam Kumari (name changed), that her brother, Golu Yadav, was calling her at the school gate. When the girl, a Class X student, reached the school gate, she was forcibly pushed into a waiting car allegedly by Animesh and his four friends whose faces were covered.The attempted abduction and gangrape has triggered public outcry in the district. Saharsa district CPI general secretary Om Prakash Narayan, describing Saturday's aborted gang-rape and kidnap bid, as \"most heinous\", called for stringent action against the accused without further loss of time.Senior Congress leader Ramendra Pratap Baboo said the episode was a disgusting attempt at denigrating women and the society at large, urging the state government to take firm action against such incidents. Saharsa BJP district chief Rajiv Ranjan and JD-U leader Smita Sinha have also called for immediate arrest of the accused persons and speedy trial so that justice could be done to the victim.Police have deployed sufficient number of police personnel in different parts of the divisional town in view of the palpable tension after the incident. The SP said police patrolling has been intensified in the town and police officers had been asked to maintain extra vigil.Meanwhile, former Lok Sabha MP and jailed political leader Anand Mohan, however, has a different take on it. Talking to mediapersons at the gate of Saharsa jail on Sunday after he was escorted back to Saharsa from Muzaffarpur where he was taken for appearing in court on Saturday, insinuated that the entire incident was part of a deep-rooted conspiracy to defame him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17742859", "title": "TRPs so far, so good\u00e2\u20ac\u00a6", "text": "The entire Television industry waited for the D' day to arrive and finally today (24th December) curtains were raised from the TRP drama. Yes! You guessed it correct; we are talking about the ratings which were chopped due to digitalization for few months. Though the ratings were about to arrive on 19th of December, got delayed for some reason. At last, TRPs were declared and 3 months wait was over. Though it didn't made any hard difference from the previous rating system, few shows which were launched during digitalization got the declaration of their show doing well or not. TOI.com brings you a glimpse of ratings so far.Channel wise Colors is standing at # one position with 239 GRPs, leaving Star Plus at second position with 231 GRPs. Followed by Sony TV-201, Zee TV-191, SAB TV-140, Life OK- 130.According to the shows on air; Balika Vadhu is the number one show with 5.8 TRPs, breaking the record of Star Plus's Diya Aur Baati Hum , which was so far at numero uno position.Here are the ratings of few top shows on their respective channel : Star Plus: Diya Aur Baati Hum and Saath Nibhana Saathiya - 4.8, Colors: Balika Vadhu -5.8, Zee TV: S apne Suhane Ladakh Pan Ke- 3.5, Life OK- Devon Ke Dev... Mahadev -3.4, Sony TV: KBC-3.3, SAB TV: Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah -3.7To add on, here are ratings of shows which are popular amongst the audiences, Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Ha i-4.3, Sasural Simar Ka -4.1, Madhubala -4.0, Pyaar Ka Dard Hai Meetha Meetha Pyaara Pyaara -3.4, Pavitra Rishta -3.4, CID-3.3, Bigg Boss season 6-Alag Che - 2.5, Qubool Hai -2.7, Bade Ache Laggte Hai -2.7, Uttaran -2.7, Veera-2.3, Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai -1.8, Anamika -1.2, Adaalat -2.2With this the TRPs race begins!!!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17724931", "title": "Christmas to witness reunion of IIM-Lucknow first PGP batch", "text": "LUCKNOW: This Christmas might be different at Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow (IIM-L) with the homecoming of the first batch of Post Graduate Programme students from December 24 to 26.Nostalgia 2012 will bring together the first batch (class of 1987) of IIM-L to celebrate its silver jubilee. Their reunion will be held along with the reunion of the batches of 1992, 1997, 2002 and 2007. This is the first time that the batches of 1987 and 1992 will step on the 200 acre campus. The classes of these two batches were held in a makeshift campus at the Giri Institute in 1985-87.More than 200 alumni are expected to visit the campus along with their families to relive the old days spent with their friends. The event will be attended by CEOs of top MNCs, senior VPs and leading entrepreneurs. Former directors and faculty members of IIM-L, who had taught the students of these batches will also be present.To celebrate the occasion, a number of formal and informal events are scheduled. Programmes such as 'Back to Classroom' where the alumni get to attend an early morning class, which is to be conducted by their favourite faculty or the 'Re-graduation Ceremony' where they will get to wear their graduation hats and will feel like students yet again. There will be late night retro themed parties amidst bonfire, music and much more.The event will be inaugurated by IIM-L director, Prof Devi Singh. The last day of the reunion will see an interactive session, called 'Anubhav' where the former students will share their experiences and 25 years of life journey. Cultural programmes will be held in the evening.Speaking on the occasion, chairman, alumni affairs, Prof Devashish Das Gupta said, \"It's 25 years after that these students are visiting their alma mater and we have tried to make this as memorable as we can.\"Christmas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17738207", "title": "Minister joins the chorus in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: The ongoing agitation over crimes against women has resulted in a bonding between women politicians who expressed opinions independent of their respective party's line. Union culture minister Chandresh Kumari Katoch on Sunday joined the chorus raising her voice to safeguard dignity of women.\"We need to raise our voice against all types of crimes against women,\" she said while addressing a gathering of nearly 300 youths from 26 universities across the nation who have assembled in Jodhpur to participate in 15th National Integration Youth Camp. The five-day camp was jointly organized by the Foundation for Amity and National Solidarity (FANS) and the Jai Narayan Vyas University, Jodhpur and a first-of-its-kind in Rajasthan. Though respect for women is inherent in our society, unfortunately they are subjected to constant humiliation and suppression, she said. \"This should not be tolerated at any level and we should all raise our voice to protect women,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740958", "title": "Vijay made a surprise a visit", "text": "Ilayathalapathy Vijay had earlier visited the sets of Sattam Oru Iruttarai's remake to see how his relative Sneha Britto and the director of the film was handling this remake.A song sequence was being canned and Bindu Madhvi was quite nervous when she heard that Vijay was on the sets. It was a dance sequence and Vijay, being a good dancer keen to see how Bindu was faring. But the panic-striken Bindu refused to shake a leg till Vijay left the sets. But Vijay didn't relent and Bindu to everyone's surprise managed to impress the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17735765", "title": "76% candidates lost deposits", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In the 2012 election, 76 per cent candidates have lost their deposits. This was about eight per cent more candidates as compared to 2007. Among those who lost their deposits were former BJP MLA Dr Kanu Kalsaria, who had contested as Sadhbhavna Trust candidate from Garidhar and NCP candidate Chandu Vaghasia from Gondal.Of the 1,666 candidates who contested the elections, 1,268 lost deposits, which was around 76 per cent. In 2007 election, of the 1,296 candidates who contested the elections, about 892 had lost their deposits which was around 68.7 per cent.According to Election Commission (EC) of India norms, a candidate is required to pay a deposit of Rs 10,000. The amount is refunded to the candidate, if he or she gets more than one-sixth of the total valid votes polled in the constituency.The EC officials said that only 216 candidates who lost the election could save their deposits. This included the runner-up candidate either from the Congress or the BJP.Sources said that Kalsaria who contested from Gariadhar just managed to get 10,700 votes. Had he got 19,700 votes he would have saved his deposit. The constituency had polled 1.18 lakh voters. Similarly, Jagruti Pandya got about 9,700 votes of the 1.5 lakh votes polled and lost her deposit.The officials said that since elections in Gujarat revolve around the two big political parties BJP and Congress, candidates from the smaller parties and independent get fewer votes.However, when it comes to the big two parties, it is mostly internal politics that leads to candidates losing deposits.The officials added that many times independents were being made to contest elections just to cut on the votes of the rival party candidates. Officials said that these candidates are expected to get about 5-6 per cent votes in constituencies where the contest is keen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17736002", "title": "Nagpada police form three teams to nab third suspect", "text": "MUMBAI: The Nagpada police said on Sunday that they had formed three teams to nab the third rape suspect who fled after the crime on Friday. The police have arrested two persons for raping a 20-year-old Nepali woman who had come down in search of her husband, Naushad.Those arrested were Zulfikar Shaikh (26), owner of a small ladies purse manufacturing unit at Madanpura, near Byculla, and Parvez Shaikh (21), an artisan who makes ladies purses in a workshop.\"During interrogation, Zulfikar and Parvez said the wanted accused Feroz Shaikh (25) stayed at Kalapani in Agripada. Our teams visited several places in the area. We suspect he has fled from Mumbai. We have activated all our sources and will arrest him soon,\" said a police officer. He added that the case was being handled by senior officials on a priority basis. The victim told police that her husband worked at Zulfikar's unit and had not visited Nepal for long. She said that when she went to meet her husband at the unit, he was not there. Zulfikar assured her that he would call him, but he raped her, the police said. Zulfikar had told the victim to stay in his unit till her husband returned.Later, he told Feroz to take her to meet her husband. Feroz too raped the woman and abandoned her.When the woman called up a relative for help, he promised to send a trusted man, Parvez, who took her to A-1 Lodge in Mumbai Central and raped her.This was when the Nagpada police raided the lodge on a tip-off and nabbed Parvez.The police visited the three spots where the woman was raped to collect circumstantial evidence.\"The woman's medical examination has confirmed rape,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740731", "title": "Make a Lego Christmas Tree!", "text": "As kids were you always fascinated by lego? Did you spend hours building arrangements that ranged from buildings to makeshift towns to figurines? High Street Phoenix &amp; Hamleys has organized Lego workshops on 25th December. A 20 feet x 20 feet Lego Christmas Tree will be built for the festive season at The Courtyard.As kids were you always fascinated by lego? Did you spend hours building arrangements that ranged from buildings to makeshift towns to figurines? Well this Christmas High Street Phoenix is taking you down memory lane as the premier destination centre ties up with Hamleys to build a 20 feet x 20 feet Christmas tree built using 1.74 lac Lego bricks in The Courtyard from 22nd to 25th December. The centre makes an exciting day-long plan for its patrons who look for creative getaways in the city on the occasion. High Street Phoenix entwines the above initiative with the December edition of its monthly property Talent Tuesdays. Professionals from Hamleys will conduct a Lego workshop on 25th December for lego enthusiasts of Mumbai giving them an opportunity to relive some fond childhood memories. An enthralling experience for all age groups, one can spend an entire day with family building with LEGO\u00c2\u00ae bricks, making memories as colorful. The trained professionals at the workshop will make this learning session a cakewalk for one and all. A descriptive manual will also be provided for further guidance and information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17736395", "title": "Produce entrepreneurs, not job-seekers: Kalam", "text": "PATNA: The education system should be such that it can produce employment-generators and not employment-seekers if India is to emerge as a developed nation by the year 2020, said former President A P J Abdul Kalam on Sunday.Speaking as the chief guest at the first convocation of Indian Institute of Technology-Patna (IIT-P) at Rabindra Bhawan here, Kalam said the education system should highlight the importance of entrepreneurship and prepare the students to set up enterprises which will provide them a creative platform with freedom and ability to generate wealth. Diversity of skills, ability to handle difficult situations and sheer perseverance at work makes an entrepreneur, he said.As many as 89 graduates of the first batch of IIT-P received their degrees at the convocation. Gagandeep Singh of computer science and Anushmita Kaushik of electrical engineering were awarded the President of India gold medals while Ankitt Lal of electrical engineering and Ankit Bhardwaj of mechanical engineering, along with Gagandeep Singh of computer science, were awarded the institute's silver medals. Mohit Ahuja of computer science, Shaik Abdul Rawoof of electrical engineering, Ankit Bhardwaj and Surabathuni Pallav of mechanical engineering were given institute's proficiency prizes.IIT board of governors chairman Ajai Chowdhary welcomed the guests. IIT-P director A K Bhowmick outlined the achievements of the institution since its inception. IIT Bombay board of governors chairman Anil Kakodkar and IIT Kharagpur's former director K L Chopra were given distinguished academicians' award.Spelling out his vision of the distinctive profile of India by 2020, Kalam said, \"India should be a nation where the rural and urban divide is reduced to a thin line and where there is an equitable distribution and adequate access to energy and quality water. It should also be a nation where the governance is responsive, transparent and corruption-free and where poverty is totally eradicated, illiteracy removed and crime against women and children is nil.\"To achieve this distinctive profile, Kalam identified five areas where India has a core competence for integrated action. These areas include agriculture and food processing, reliable and quality electric power, surface transport, education and health care, information and communication technology, and self-reliance in critical technology. One of the key requirements towards achieving the distinctive profile would be the creation of sustainable enterprise-driven models at rural level, he said.Kalam pleaded for adopting a PURA (providing urban amenities in rural areas) model which would lead to the economic connectivity of the rural region through physical, electronic and knowledge links. He suggested that IIT-Patna may pursue the implementation of one such PURA model covering around 50 to 100 villages on the outskirts of Patna by utilizing the potential of the IIT youth.He pointed out that even though the world went through a difficult economic situation recently, India came out of it because of its inherent strength due to the purchasing power of 400 million middle class citizens and 600 million youth willing to take up challenging missions. During the last few months, we have succeeded in realizing major technological milestones, including the launching of the Agni system with 5000km range, development of RISAT with indigenous technologies and the first flight of Naval Light Combat Aircraft. Our agricultural farmers and scientists have worked hard and produced a record 250 million tonnes of food grains this year, he said.Addressing the scholars, he asked, \"What would you like to be remembered for? You should write it on a page. That page may be a very important page in the book of human history. You will be remembered for creating that one page in the history of the nation - whether that page is the page of invention, of innovation or discovery or creating societal change or the page of fighting injustice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17737468", "title": "Fear of law, not death penalty, can curb crime against women", "text": "Spiralling crime \u00e2\u20ac\u201d especially murders, rapes and assaults reported from urban areas and a huge number of unreported ones from the hinterland \u00e2\u20ac\u201d makes it a distinct possibility that someone close to us could be assaulted, raped or murdered.The recent brutal rape in a running bus dawned this discomfiting realization on Delhiites who spontaneously rallied to protest against lawlessness in the national capital.Neither the police nor the politicians took moral responsibility for the way the bus was driven through busy stretches of the city, reflecting the assaulters' complete lack of fear of the law.Many still consider rape as shameful for a woman, the victim. In the villages and hinterland, a rape victim faces the grim prospect of being ostracized if she complains. It deters most from reporting the crime to the police.Those who do report to police face humiliating questions, first from the police in the name of investigation and then from defence lawyers during a meandering trial.Given the absence of scientific and professional probe into rape cases and the resultant failure to produce cogent and clinching evidence, defence lawyers often strive to create discrepancy in the victim's statement by asking her to repeat, again and again, the traumatic assault.Just imagine the discomfiture and embarrassment of a rape victim on being forced to narrate, in an alien court environment and in the presence of lawyers and litigants, the traumatic and numbing experience of being physically violated! (Source: former Madras high court judge Prabha Sridevi's recent article).This was the reason the Supreme Court in State of Punjab vs Gurmit Singh [1996 (2) SCC 384] had said rape trials must be held in-camera and directed the trial courts to ensure that \"cross-examination is not made a means of harassment of causing humiliation to the victim of crime\".The cry for justice in the Delhi rape case has revived hopes that the 150-year-old Indian Police Act would be scrapped and the police, which are the eyes and ears of courts to convict a criminal, would be trained to be professionals, equipped with scientific aids to nab the culprit and collect unimpeachable evidence for a swift trial leading to conviction.Rather than death penalty, swift arrest and fast-tracked trial leading to conviction alone can instill fear of law in people and deter commission of crimes, be it against women or in general.Even if the legislature bows to public pressure and amends Section 376 of the Indian Penal Code to provide for death penalty, what use is this deterrent punishment if the police fail to gather evidence to secure conviction?Can the government ensure that there is speedy trial? Where are the courts? The traditional reluctance on the part of governments to invest in police and create adequate number of courts (at least 25,000 more are required in addition to the 16,000 at present) has led to poor investigation teams bringing scant evidence to overburdened courts, creating a frustrating cocktail of delay and miscarriage of justice.To make the police force professional and impartial, it must be unshackled from the control of political rulers, who, like their colonial era counterparts, use it to further their vested interests. This was highlighted in 1993 by the N N Vohra Committee report, which talked about the unholy nexus between politicians, bureaucrats, police and mafia.To make police respond to commoner's cry promptly and impartially, the Supreme Court in Prakash Singh's case [2006 (8) SCC 1] took into account recommendations of various commissions for police reforms and ordered separation of criminal investigation wing from the one maintaining law and order. It also ordered functional autonomy to police.Six years later, none of the states have fully implemented the judgment. The SC had hoped that \"all state governments would rise to the occasion and enact a new Police Act insulating the police from any pressure whatsoever, thereby placing in position an important measure for securing the rights of citizens under the Constitution for the rule of law, treating everyone equal and being partisan to none, which will also help securing an efficient and better criminal justice delivery system\".The protests against the rape and sporadic violence is a symptom which the government must diagnose fast and take remedial measures to achieve police reforms and set up more courts to prevent democracy from getting afflicted by virulent forms of lawlessness and mob culture.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "17740164", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar heads for Devbhoomi post ODI retirement", "text": "DEHRADUN: After announcing retirement from one-day cricket, Sachin Tendulkar headed straight for hill station Mussoorie in Uttarakhand, where he is likely to celebrate Christmas and the New Year.Hours after the news about his retirement form ODIs broke, people were taken by surprise as the batting legend landed at the Jollygrant Airport on Sunday along with his wife Anajli, son Arjun and daughter Sara.Congress MP Priya Dutt was also accompanying Tendulkar, who left straight for Mussoorie after landing at the airport, much to the disappointment of journalists present there.Tendulkar arrived at a family friend Sanjay Narang's hotel named Rugby at Mussoorie at about six in the evening.The legend used to visit Mussoorie along with family to celebrate Christmas and the new year until a few years ago but had not been able to do so due to his busy schedule for the last two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17737118", "title": "Haryana politicians, bureaucrats using front men to buy land", "text": "NEW DELHI: Haryana politicians and bureaucrats have been allegedly putting their front men to buy property, which are often parts of common land or of panchayats. Haryana IAS officer Ashok Khemka, who hit the headlines after ordering a probe into Robert Vadra's land deals, had exposed this during his brief tenure in the land consolidation department.Khemka's two orders and a particular noting on the flawed consolidation process accessed by TOI show that he had pointed out the politician-bureaucrat-property dealer nexus to usurp common and non-agriculture land in villages falling under and around Aravalis \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Kot (Ballabhgarh), Anangpur (Faridabad), Bandhwari (Sohna) and Rozka-Gujar (Sohna).On August 27, Khemka noted, \"It was observed that some senior public servants misused their position for a favourable exchange for themselves or their relatives or their companies floated for this purpose. Huge investments of black money and ill-gotten money have been made through companies in the purchase of land of some villages in Gurgaon-Faridabad districts to benefit from the consolidation scheme.\"These are the villages which have been brought under the Master Plan of Sohna in Gurgaon and Manger in Faridabad. The land ownership changed hands and big players got large chunks within years before the state government came out with new development plans.The IAS officer had also recommended that huge investments made in the purchase of land in these villages through companies must be investigated to find out their actual owners and interests behind these investing companies. \"It seems that huge amounts of black money have been invested in the purchase of land in these villages through companies. Their real owners need to be disclosed through an independent investigation,\" his note had recommended to the government.Some of the land records accessed by TOI showed that a Haryana MP bought 20 acres of Gair Mumkin Pahar (uncultivable hill) in Roz-ka-Gujjar, family members of a mining baron owned 860 acres, wife and son of a top ranking police officer bought 16 acres, to mention a few. Moreover, several property dealers have bought huge chunks of land for political families and even serving officers in the state. In the case of Roz-ka-Gujjar village, over 1,685 acres went to influential people and companies.When TOI contacted Khemka, he said, \"Only after observing the trend and after getting enough input I had put my views on record and these are with the department. I won't comment anything on these issues since I have a different responsibility now.\" The officer has been shifted to the seed development department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17736788", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar: The best of the best", "text": "Choosing five of Sachin Tendulkar's best ODI knocks is as difficult as finding accountability among India's politicians. Nitin Naik attempts this unenviable task...Sachin's ODI record | Profile:  Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar | In Pics:  Sachin's one-day journey82 in 49 balls March 29, 1994  vs New Zealand at Eden Park, Auckland  His first match as opener, and what an impact it had! Before this, Tendulkar's batting was known to have more art and less violence, but that perception changed dramatically this innings. After insisting he would open, thanks to a neck injury to Navjot Sidhu, Tendulkar metamorphosed into a demolition man, blasting boundaries all around the odd-shaped ground. The Kiwi attack comprising Danny Morrison, Chris Pringle and Gavin Larsen must have felt it was a highlights show.143 in 131 balls April 22, 1998  vs Australia, Sharjah  This wasn't a cricket match. It was more a Bollywood film where you see the protagonist, after being bashed up by goons, rising up like an avenging angel. A middle-order collapse, mounting asking rate, an aggressive bowling attack and a desert storm. Sachin Tendulkar overcame all these adversities and bludgeoned five sixes and nine fours to help India qualify for the triseries final. India needed 276 to win, or 237 to qualify off 46 overs, thanks to a revised target following a sandstorm. Tendulkar's heroics helped India qualify. In the final, he belted another ton to help India win the trophy.98 in 75 balls, March 1, 2003  vs Pakistan, Centurion  Passion, pride and performance. Tendulkar rolled all of that into one and put on a virtuoso display of batsmanship in a game of Olympian proportions to pilot India's chase of 273. Be it the famous upper cut against Shoaib Akhtar for six, the straight drive that followed it, the back-foot punch through cover off Razzaq and the square drive off Akram, each stroke was played with authority. The innings forced Robin Jackman, the master of ceremonies during the presentation, to exclaim, \"Thanks for entertaining us.\"175 in 141 balls, Nov 5, 2009  vs Australia, Hyderabad  Chasing 350, India were down for the count at 162/4. In one of the best displays of hitting through the line, Tendulkar launched a stunning assault on Hilfenhaus, Bollinger and Watson. When spinners Hauritz and Voges came on to bowl, they were deposited in the stands. With Suresh Raina for company, he brought India to within 18 runs of a famous win. Then he played an ill-timed paddle sweep off Clint McKay and was caught at short fine-leg. The dependence on Tendulkar in that chase is exemplified through this stat: India hadn't opened scoring before Tendulkar took strike, and they managed only 15 runs after he departed. They lost by three runs.200 not out in 147 balls, Feb 24, 2010  vs South Africa, Gwalior  Sachin Tendulkar's tryst with making history dates back to his school days when he carved records out of habit. 21 years after his debut, he became the first man to score a double hundred in an ODI. The feat came against an attack consisting of Dale Steyn, Charl Langeveldt and Wayne Parnell. If ever someone wants to see a display of clean hitting without a batsman being unorthodox, simply refer to this knock on online videos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "vadodara/surat/rajkot", "code": "17737501", "title": "Delhi gang rape: No let up in protests across Gujarat", "text": "VADODARA/SURAT/RAJKOT: Women's groups, voluntary organizations, young professionals, students and senior citizens came out on to the streets of Gujarat's cities for the fifth consecutive day on Sunday to protest against the Delhi gang rape.Candlelight marches and protests were organized in Vadodara, Rajkot, Bhavnagar, Jamnagar and Ahmedabad besides several smaller towns of the state demanding the harshest punishment for rapists.\"We want justice\", the chant continued throughout the day as various groups at different timings came out on the roads carrying placards, candles and pens to sign thousands of petitions addressed to the PM, the Delhi CM and their local DMs.By evening, it seemed, most of the young generation of Vadodara was out protesting, and various groups finally converged at Race course circle only to march off in separate directions carrying candles and chanting slogans. The city was witnessing such unprecedented gathering for the second time after Anna Hazare inspired anti-corruption crusade had earlier brought the usually reticent middle class out on the roads. Only this time, the anger within protesters seemed to be more seething.\"Nazar teri gandi aur parda main daalun,\" screamed one placard held by a group of young students who had gathered at Navlakhi complex on the Rajmahal raod.\"Don't force a woman to become bandit queen\" read another, with obvious reference to India's female bandit Phoolan Devi who later turned a politician and whose life was made into a celluloid theme. We want nothing less than a speedy investigation, speedy trial and immediate punishment for the perpetrators. Authorities are hoping that if they are able to ward off action for long, the incident would fade from public memory. We would not let that happen,\" said a young lawyer who was part of the crowd at the Veer Savarkar circle, known popularly as the Genda circle for the sculpture of hippopotamus which once adorned the traffic island here. The 1000-strong gathering there consisted of young doctors, lawyers , engineers, executives from the corporate world, university teachers and students who had connected on social media to arrange the protest in the evening.Earlier, housewives, school teachers, young executives and entrepreneurs gathered at Sayajigunj under the banner of Mahila Sanskruti Sangathan and Socialist unity centre of India. The women held placards saying \"Abb bas\" (No more).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17737079", "title": "Students to get full scholarship benefits", "text": "CHENNAI: In a welcome relief to students from reserved categories studying in government and government-aided colleges, the Tamil Nadu government has announced that it would pay the entire tuition and special fee payable to beneficiaries under the Post-Matric Scholarship Scheme for BC, MBC, SC/ST students. An announcement to this effect was made by chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Sunday, pointing out that the scholarship for tuition and special fees was paid as per the norms fixed way back in 1980.Though the colleges had revised the fees since then, the students were paid only the fees fixed in 1980. The chief minister also ordered that in future whenever the fees are revised upward, the assistance under the Post-Matric Scholar Scheme too would be automatically increased without any necessity for a separate order, the release said.Students belonging to BC, MBC and SC/ST whose parent's annual income did not excees Rs one lakh are eligible for coverage under the scheme.The government will also pay the entire fee (fixed for government colleges) for BC, MBC and SC/ST students, selected in government seats for professional courses like medicine and engineering under single window system, the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740563", "title": "Artist Shefali's works are a mixture of components", "text": "This exhibition not just saw a host of vibrant colours but also displayed the expression of the artist's emotions with the help of watercolours and acrylicThe artist's works are intriguing and will urge you to stand and stare and try to figure it all out. Shefali Shah's exhibition titled 'Melange' was on display recently at the Art Entrance. In a candid chat the artist talks about her work...Why 'Melange'?Melange is a French word that implies the general idea of a mixture of different components. The word appealed to me as my works are full of vibrant colours blending on paper and portraying natural elements by the basic mixing of colours.What do you want to portray through this series?I have always been fascinated by the simple colours nature has to offer. My works in this series are basically inspired by natural elements i.e. wind, water, fire and earth. Their colours give me the freedom to express my emotions and this series aims to portray the power of free flowing colours of nature in harmony with one's inner state of mind.You use a lot of different mediums - soot, coloured charcoal... Comment.In my journey as an artist I have always enjoyed experimenting with different mediums, soot and coloured charcoal being some of them. However, Melange is a compilation of my works with watercolours and acrylic on paper.Any favourite medium?  I enjoy working with watercolours the most. They allow me to express my thoughts freely and are the perfect medium to explore new boundaries.  What inspires you?Nature is my only inspiration with all its vibrancy. It has inspired me to use colours in their purest form.Some of your works resemble the psychological 'ink blot test '. Please explain.On the contrary, I personally believe that the forms I create convey positivity and are independent of rigid patterns that distinguish them from ink blots which have symmetrical features.What does contemporary Indian art mean to you?Contemporary Indian art has evolved over the years to find modern expression but still retains the roots of traditional Indian culture in many aspects of its colour and form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "santiniketan", "code": "17736479", "title": "Amartya Sen adds warmth to Paus Mela launch", "text": "Santiniketan: Nobel laureate Amartya Sen's surprise visit to the Paus Mela on Sunday morning made the day for hundreds of revellers, who braved the chill and thronged the fair on its inaugural day.Though senior students preferred to stay indoors for the inaugural programme, the younger students of Patha Bhavan took part in the celebrations, despite Santinekatan recording a temperature of 9.2 degrees Celsius. They also welcomed the fair with a song.One of the stalls that Sen visited on Sunday was an exhibition on Dwijendranath Tagore, set up by a bank. \"Bhalo laglo (I liked it),\" wrote Sen in the visitors' book.Paus Mela, in its 118th year, opened with a special prayer at Chatimtala. The fair had come under attack from some for gaining a \"commercial\" colour.However, advertisements were contributing a great deal to the welfare of artists. This year, fair organizers have to pay only a small amount as honorarium to the folk artists. While their food will be taken care of by an NGO, the artists will be paid from the money that organizers received in the form of advertisement from a mobile phone company.Hoardings of this company have been put up at Binodan Manch, the stage where the performance will take place, and near the tent where the artists are putting up.Sougata Samanta, secretary of Karmi Mandali, the body that organizes Paus Mela, said, \"The help extended by the NGO has come as a great relief to us. The mobile phone company has also contributed in the form of advertisements. With their help, we can pay the artisans some amount of money.\"The artists are also happy. Gokuldas Baul said, \"We are lucky to be able to perform at Binodan Mancha. We do not come here to earn. The organizers give us a small amount of money as conveyance allowance and we are happy.\"Oh ! the man is look like Amartya Sen! - told a woman to her husband being astonished. Her husband replied - 'the man is no other than Amartya Sen .' On Sunday morning immediately after the formal beginning of Poush Mela , Sen went to fair ground for a brief time. He visited a number of stall including State bank of India [SBI]. This is the Poush Mela wher you can walk along with a Nobel laureate or a simple Baul singer of Birbhum on the same track. Sen would be in Satiniketan till Friday . In the visitors' book at SBI Sen appreciated the exhibition on Dijwendranath Tagore. Sen wrote - ' Bhalo Laglo' [ I like it]According to Santiniketan weather -forecast office the temperature in Santiniketan and surrounding area in the afternoon was 9.2 degree centigrade. Needless to it would decrease at night. But as the Poush Mela this year began on Sunday cold wave could not prevent the revealers. On Sunday morning the 118th Poush Mela began with special prayer at Chatimtala . Though the senior students preferred to stay indoor and were not found in good number in the early morning programme , the young students of the secondary school Patha Bhavan were enthusiastic enough to sing morning song to welcome Poush Utsav.Despite the uproar that the basic character of Poush Mela was at stake the organizers claimed that as many as two hundred artisans would perform in Binodan Mancha [ the stage for performance] . This year the fair-organizers had to only pay the artisans a meager amount of honorarium. An NGO has shouldered responsibility to feed the artisans for four days. Above all a cell-phone company has come to contribute huge amount of money by displaying their huge hoardings around the Binodan Manch. The entire stage for folk-programmes and the tent where the folk-artisans would stay was completely covered with hoardings of that company. Sougata Samanta the secretary of Karmi Mandali [ the body that organizes Poush Mela ] said, ' It is a great relief for us that the NGO has extended their helping hands to feed the folk artisans. The mobile phone company has contributed in the form of advisement. With their help we can pay the artisans some amount of money.'Gokuldas Baul , an artisan said, ' We think ourselves lucky to perform at Binodana Mancha . our ancestors too used to come here. We do not come here to earn. The organizers give us a small amount of money as conveyance-cost. We do not have any grudge, we feel happy to perform here.'This year the stalls have been arranged in different manner. So it was found difficult to find the known stalls which were considered as the place of chatting for university alumni. Samanta said, ' This year we have tried to increase the gap in between two rows so that the fire=brigade and other emergency vehicles can moved smoothly. It is true that the old arrangement has been changed but we have displayed detail map at different spots.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17737942", "title": "Xmas night won't be as cold as last year's", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Christmas night could be the coldest of the season so far but it still wouldn't be as chilly as last time when past eight years' record was broken. Met department has predicted that the temperature will continue to plummet after this and there could be showers or at least a drizzle on December 28 and 29.Last year, a minimum of 2.8 degrees Celsius was recorded on Christmas but this time, the mercury is likely to hover around 6 degrees.Thick fog that had enveloped the city on Saturday was kept away by bright sun but it will continue to be foggy in the days to come. City measured its lowest temperature on December 22 of 5.4C, while there might not be dip in temperature anymore and the temperature will continue between 5 degrees to 10 degrees Celsius.The minimum visibility recorded on Saturday was 50m, which threw traffic out of gear on Tricity roads. The depression in temperature recorded was 7C lower than normal temperature.\"There will be dip in temperature after December 25. Fog will continue for some days and there can be rainfall on December 28 and 29,\" said Surinder Paul, director of Meteorological Department.According to the forecast report by meteorological department for the next five days, maximum temperature is predicted to go up to 21 degrees C whereas minimum temperature won't fall below 5.4 degrees C. Density of fog has not been predicted yet, as it completely depends on swinging temperatures. The Christmas Eve has been forecast to have lowest temperature of 7 degrees C next week.Last week brought tremendous climatic changes in the city. The maximum temperature calculated last week reportedly was 25 degrees C on December 19 whereas minimum reached 5.4 degrees C on Saturday.The meteorological department has not only indicated the presence of fog in coming two to three days, but also warned the people to escape from dense foggy weather mainly in the neighbouring states of Punjab and Haryana.\"There is clear prediction of fog in coming two to three days and chilly weather will continue for at least five days. There are mild chances of cloud or drizzling on and after December 28, but before that people will have to be alert to save themselves form cold,\" said Surinder Pal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17741477", "title": "Indian doctors in Britain fail key exams", "text": "LONDON: Hundreds of foreign doctors, including those from India and Pakistan, are routinely failing key medical exams in Britain, The Mail on Sunday said.Success rates are so poor that medical associations want doctors to be allowed six attempts at passing the tests rather than the current four.The revelation raises fears the trainee medics, mainly from India, Pakistan and Nigeria, are not suitably qualified to treat patients despite spending three years working for the NHS before taking the exam.Until they pass the exams, which qualify them to practise independently as hospital physicians, trainees continue to see patients - under supervision - in placements at hospitals and GP surgeries.Figures show that foreign doctors are substantially more likely to fail than UK graduates, with communication cited as one of the problems, according to the newspaper.While just nine percent of British doctors fail to pass the knowledge and practical exams, more than 63 percent of foreign doctors do not reach the standard to pass.The British Association of Physicians of Indian Origin (BAPIO) said it had not ruled out taking legal action against the British medical colleges which set the exams.But their claims have been refuted by leading UK specialists who say a recent study showed \"no substantial effects of gender or ethnicity on examiner/candidate interactions\", and that passing the exams is dependent on having the appropriate skills.Joyce Robins, co-director of campaign group Patient Concern, said: \"This is scandalous. If a doctor can go on failing they shouldn't be treating patients in the NHS and that should be stopped.\"There has to be a cut-off point and four attempts is too many.\"About 3,000 doctors a year take their final professional GP exams, set by the Royal College of GPs, The Mail on Sunday said.Of the Indian doctors taking the test, 63 percent failed at the first attempt. For those from Pakistan, there was a 62 percent failure rate, while 68 percent of Nigerian doctors failed at the first try.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17740698", "title": "Advocate of the deprived", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Believe it or not, here is a Khadar-clad man who heads more than 100 organizations without much tension on his face. People fondly call him 'Rajan Vakkeel', the man who religiously works for the coordination of numerous public functions in the city without any languor. Rajan, who is known for his tension-free smile among friends' circles, amusingly reveals that he is not even clear of the total number of organizations he heads..!Stepping into the field of his leadership over 30 years ago by coordinating Gurkhas from Nepal, who were working as private security staff, advocate M Rajan, is now an executive committee member of South Indian film Chamber of Commerce and the president of the Southern regional chapter of the National Lawyers' Forum. Latest in the list is the president-ship of Southern Railways Catering Workers Association.\"Forming an association of cobblers in the 1980s, I tried to teach them to protect their right,\" said advocate Rajan during a chat . Workers in unorganized sectors are exploited and this realization forced me to assemble them under a single roof, Rajan recalled his early days as the leader of the underprivileged.Unlike many who consider it as a blemish to lead a group of potters, cobblers and workers of petrol bunk, advocate Rajan smilingly accepts the throne crowns of the presidents of such underprivileged groups to extend legal support to the members.\"Over a decade ago many women from economically backward families used to help patients at government hospitals on a daily wage basis. Noticing the pathetic condition of the women I formed their group and demanded the government to absorb them as government staff,\" recalled Rajan. Later the government appointed them as nursing assistants, the advocate shared the most satisfactory moment in his life.President of Steel Complex Employees Association, Kerala State Private and Cooperative Hospital Employees Association, Taxi owners association, Palayam, Railway Taxi Drivers' Union, Malabar Regional Licensed Potters Union, Cotton Mill Staff Union, Tile Labourers Union, Advocate Rajan enjoys the life as trade union leader.Father to three children, support from wife Shobhana, children and brothers are considered a blessing by this man. Office bearer of old students associations and memorial committees 'Rajan Vakkeel finds time for each and every organization by starting his work from 7.30 in the morning. After completing the engagements as an advocate, M Rajan spends time in his office till 11.30 at night to meet the members of various organizations and to extend legal assistance to them.\"I never had to face any opposition from anyone as I love to maintain friendship with all,\" asserted the advocate attesting that it would not have been possible for him to carry out his work with such vigour if his family and friends had not extended their wholehearted support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17737995", "title": "Gujarat Technological University hunts for convocation venue", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the first time, the Gujarat Technological University (GTU) will hold convocation for the bachelor-level courses on January 19. But the university has so far not been able to fix a venue for the event.Normally, GTU organizes convocations on the LD Engineering College premises, but this time with the inclusion of the bachelorlevel courses, the university would require a bigger venue. The university has shifted to its new campus on Vishwakarma Engineering College campus, which also hosts IIT-Gandhinagar .\"With 12,000 students graduating at different levels of courses the visitors may swell to 25,000. The venues that have been chosen for the function include the Gujarat University Convention Hall near the Helmet Crossroads and the Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar ,\" says a senior GTU official.The officials say that the final selection will also depend on the chief guest who would attend the convocation ceremony. \"Our most probable list has chief minister Narendra Modi along with four other names. In all probability it will be Modi who would preside over the convocation, provided he declines the invitation,\" adds the GTU official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17736410", "title": "How Sachin Tendulkar's elusive dream come true", "text": "From 1992, in six World Cups, Sachin Tendulkar chased the elusive dream of winning the biggest prize in limited-overs cricket. On April 2, 2011, the dream came true. Gaurav Gupta recounts the hunt...Profile:  Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar | In Pics:  Sachin's one-day journey1992: Down Under  An 18-year-old Tendulkar was dismissed by England's Ian Botham after scoring 35 on his Cup debut, a game which India lost in Perth. It was against Pakistan in Sydney that Tendulkar announced his arrival with a match-winning, unbeaten 54. He followed that up with a 81 against Zimbabwe in Hamilton and 84 against the Kiwis at Dunedin. India crashed out early, but a new star had arrived. M: 8, Runs: 283, Avg: 47.16, Top: 84, 50: 31996: Indian subcontinent  An unbeaten 127 against Kenya, 70 against the Windies, but his best effort - 90 - came in a losing cause against Australia in Mumbai. A 137 against Sri Lanka at Delhi too proved futile. Against Lanka in the semis, he made 65 but India lost six wickets for 22 runs later. He finished top run-scorer, but wasn't enough. M: 7, Runs: 523, Avg: 87.16, Top: 137, 100: 2, 50: 31999, England  Just before the game against Zimbabwe he lost his father and had to return home for the funeral. India lost that game and Sachin's mother convinced him to go back. Battling emotional turmoil, Tendulkar returned and smashed an unbeaten 140 against Kenya. In Super Six, McGrath dismissed him for a duck as India lost to the Aussies and crashed out. M: 7, Runs: 253, Avg: 42.16, Highest: 140*, 100: 1, 50: 02003: South Africa, Kenya and Zimbabwe  After India lost badly to Australia at Centurion, supporters carried out mock funerals back home. Sachin led a remarkable resurgence with 81 against Zimbabwe and a 152 against Namibia. He saved his best for Pakistan, tearing their attack apart with a regal 75-ball 98. In the final, he was out for 4 as India fell woefully short. Scoring 673 runs, the highest in a Cup, was small consolation. M: 11, Runs: 673, Avg: 61.18, Top: 152, 100: 1, 50: 62007, West Indies  The feud with coach Greg Chappell was largely responsible for Tendulkar being completely off colour. He wasn't allowed to open and that adverse affected his game. He managed just 7 as India were stunned by Bangladesh in Port-of-Spain while he came in as low as No. 6 against Bermuda. For the first time ever, questions were asked about Sachin's place in the team. M: 3, Runs: 64, Avg: 32.00, Highest: 57*, 100: 0, 50: 12011, Indian Subcontinent  The 'Master Blaster' was playing in his final Cup. He struck a magnificent 120 against England in a tied game. He stroked another fabulous 111 against South Africa in Nagpur to get to his 99th hundred, but India lost eight wickets for 29 runs once he was out and lost the game. Putting age behind, Sachin scored scores of 53 in the quarterfinal against Australia at Motera and 85 in the semis win over Pakistan in Mohali. While he scored just 18 in the final, India won with ease. A deliriously thankful team carried him on their shoulders around the ground. M: 9, Runs: 482, Avg: 53.55, Highest: 120, 100: 2, 50: 2", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17736409", "title": "Paswan's 'Save Bihar' yatra from Jan 5", "text": "PATNA: LJP president Ram Vilas Paswan will embark on Bihar Bachao (Save Bihar) yatra from January 5. It will culminate on April 14.Starting from JP statue near Gandhi Maidan, he will cover 36 districts. Accusing large-scale corruption, embezzlement of fund, rising crime graph and increasing problems of the common people in the state, Paswan said LJP favoured special category status for Bihar but the state should not keep waiting for this privilege. Rather, it should make concrete efforts through its own resources and honestly using the central funds and implementing the centrally-sponsored schemes.The LJP chief accused the state government of various scandals including the recently revealed scam in MNREGA, national health insurance scheme, paddy and wheat procurement, excise. \"Nitish created a social wedge by creating a new category of Mahadalit and by keeping Paswan out of it,\" he alleged.Paswan said law and order situation is at its nadir with heavy increase in crime. Since 2005 till October 2012, as per the Bihar police records, a total of 10,18,388 cognisable offences were registered including 25,428 murder and 24,415 abductions including 869 for ransom and 7.700 women were raped.On the gang rape of a woman in Delhi, Paswan said he would favour special session of Parliament for making laws to punish the culprits of rape and gang rape. He said rape is most heinous crime but had reservation over the demand of hanging for the rapists saying such laws could be misused and the culprits might murder the victim to destroy evidence. He however, favoured stringent punishment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi/kadapa", "code": "17738108", "title": "YSR Cong invited for Delhi Telangana meet", "text": "NEW DELHI/KADAPA: Jaganmohan Reddy's YSR Congress has been invited for the first time to the crucial all-party meeting on Telangana to be held on December 28.Formal invitations have been sent to eight parties and their confirmation of participation in the much-awaited meeting taken on telephone.Those invited for the meeting are Congress, BJP, Telangana Rashtra Samithi , CPI, CPM, TDP, All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen and YSR Congress, official sources said.This is for the first time that YSR Congress, which has 17 MLAs in the Assembly, has been invited to an all-party meeting on Telangana.Two earlier meetings of political parties on Telangana were held on January 5, 2010, and January 6, 2011. YSR Congress was not formed then.Jaganmohan Reddy is currently lodged in Chanchalguda jail in connection with an alleged disproportionate assets case.The announcement for the all-party meeting was made by Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde on December 5 on the eve of vote on FDI investment in multi-brand retail.Though there was a request from chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy to postpone the meeting as the date clashes with the World Telugu Conference, the Centre has decided to hold it as scheduled.Meanwhile, former minister and YSR Congress leader Konda Surekha on Sunday said that her party was yet to decide on the delegation to participate in the all-party meeting on the Telangana in New Delhi.Senior leaders of the party will take a decision on the delegation and the party's stand on Telangana within a day or two, she said. Talking to the media at Rayachoti, she alleged that Congress was the culprit for all the confusion over the Telangana issue and it has been staging a 'drama' to divert people's attention.\"When all political parties had already expressed their opinions on Telangana and the Srikrishna Committee gave its recommendations long ago, why does the Congress call an all-party meeting again,\" she asked.Agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17737394", "title": "Man held for duping with lottery scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police arrested a man who had duped several persons with the promise of handsome gains via mobile lottery schemes here on Saturday evening. Vidhi Chandra claimed he had connections with those who were capable of rigging the process of electing winners of mobile lottery schemes.A clerk in the irrigation department, Chandra used to identify gullible youths from rural background who dreamt of becoming rich overnight but had limited resources of achieving their dreams, said Rajesh Srivastava, Sarojininagar circle official. Chandra stays in Premnagar locality in Alambagh area and was held by police opposite the ICICI Bank at Barabirwa crossing in Krishnanagar area around 9 pm on Saturday. According to police, Chandra convinced his targets to deposit some money in his bank account as facilitation fee to bag a lottery of Rs 50 lakh and the gullible ones had deposited whatever they could.Srivastava said police had information that Chandra had duped several youths to the tune of Rs 2.10 lakh. He added that the amount could be much more and police were in the process of finding more details from the bank where Chandra had opened his account. Chandra was found in possession of the passbook, ATM card and other documents at the time of his arrest, which established that the account used in the fraud was his. In the past, Chandra had duped several persons in Betul district of Madhya Pradesh by employing similar modus operandi. The bank officials of Betul bank branch had informed their counterparts in Lucknow about the complaints they had received against Chandra. His account was frozen subsequently and Alambagh branch bank officials, where Chandra had opened his account, turned down his requests to activate his account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17736658", "title": "Woman lawyer wants punishment for tormentor", "text": "NAGPUR: Former student of a reputed government law college in city today claims to be realizing with every passing day's battle that the road to justice is full of thorns. The legal practitioner, 31, may have argued several cases for victims, but she has no clue when her silent tears would get justice.Prerna Wankhede (name changed) was allegedly repeatedly raped by A A Pirzade, a senior police inspector who initially wanted to adopt her as daughter. Prerna's job as a legal assistant at a co-operative bank was also ensured by the former Nagpur crime branch PI.Behind all the promises and help, it seems there was the animal instinct working which also wanted to ravage the young woman. Prerna's sordid tale of being raped by the man whom she trusted on the pretext of marriage and then thrown out of life evokes shock.It was after much struggle that Prerna lodged a complaint at Pune before the case was referred and registered at Ambazari police station. As an officer was involved, the case was handed over to the state criminal investigation department. The agency arrested Pirzade last month. He is currently out on bail.\"I had to face all, from abuses to thrashing, and also intimidation of being killed. He was initially very loving but later started ignoring me to the extent that he stopped communication with me,\" she said. Despite being bogged down by circumstances, Prerna said she wants justice. \"He deserves punishment,\" she said.Later, the lure to settle the matter with the monetary promises also arouses disbelief. Prerna said a senior NCP politician, who assured to help, later tried to entice her to settle the matter. \"It was even more surprising the way the police allowed him time to try for bail,\" she said.\"He has ruined my life in every sense. I cannot go to the court to practise and will never turn up there unless called in connection with the case that I have filed against the tormentor . Everyone asks me about the case and others cast a doubting look. How long can one tolerate this,\" she asks.It is learnt that Pirzade, then posted as PI in the crime branch, was introduced to Prerna when he had intervened in a dispute between the lawyer's family and their tenant. The dispute was settled but the family grew close to the police officer. Learning that he was not well, Prerna's family started sending meal for the cop through the victim.\"It was in January 2009 that he forced me to have physical intimacy with him at his Ravi Nagar quarter for the first time,\" said Prerna. She claimed \"the officer filmed her in a compromising position to ensure that she did not stray.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17736304", "title": "Medanta implants bio-absorbable stent successfully", "text": "GURGAON: Medanta Medicity successfully implanted bio-absorbable stent when its doctors used a 'dissolvable stent' in a 56-year-old patient to open his blocked arteries.The new stent, which is seen by the medical fraternity as path-breaking innovation for patients with clogged arteries, get completely dissolved in 18-odd months, leading to normal functioning of the blood vessels. The traditional metallic stents stay permanently in the blood vessel. The dissolving of the stent also does away with %the need of taking regular blood-thinning medicines to avoid further clogging around the stent.Dilip Kumar, a Jharkhand resident, was admitted to the hospital after he complained of discomfort and pain while walking. After undergoing tests, he was diagnosed with blockage in the main artery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740526", "title": "A reason to celebrate", "text": "Recently, the foodies in the city had a reason to celebrate. This newly-launched French restaurant, Zaques, had a get-together, which saw the expats turn up in large numbers to sample the food and beverages on offer.And while doing so, they sure did have a lot of fun. We spotted Viren Khanna mixing with the crowd, indulging in friendly banter, while Tomo, Ela, Pierre, Raura and Karele seemed to have rocking time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17741503", "title": "Gang rape victim critical but stable: Doctors", "text": "NEW DELHI: After undergoing a small operation, the 23-year-old gang-rape victim's condition was critical but stable on Monday as doctors continued to monitor her health.Doctors at the Safdarjung Hospital here said the girl is stable but critical and is on ventilator electively. She underwent a \"small operation\" on Sunday after medical examination suggested fluid collection in her abdomen.The victim's platelet count has been fluctuating since Saturday and it stood at a low 19,000 during the last observation on Sunday. Normal platelet count in a healthy individual is between 150,000 and 450,000 per micro-litre of blood.The doctors said sepsis, a severe blood infection that can lead to organ failure, is one of their major concerns and noted that the bilirubin level of the victim has increased to 6.3.The paramedical student, who was gangraped last Sunday night in a moving bus here, was also administered another four bottles of platelet-rich plasma. The girl is also suffering from high fever, the doctors said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17740913", "title": "Computer teachers demand pay revision", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The State council of Kerala Computer Teachers Association appeals the state government to appoint a commission to study the issues of computer teachers in schools.They also decided to appeal a revision of their existing pay scale. Citing that the computer teachers are working for a meager daily wage of Rs.50, the association leaders also demanded provisions for leave, provident fund benefits and ESI.According to the association leaders, a study conducted by them found out that the salary of most of the computer teachers was below Rs.1500.Computer teachers are offered salary by collecting fund from Parents and Teachers Association.The State is now boasting of the successful implementation of Right to Education Act and the plight of the computer teachers is remaining unaddressed, alleged the leaders.They also cited that the issue could be solved only by creating permanent post for computer instructors, the issue of teachers could be settled only through creating the permanent posts of computer instructors, they claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17737181", "title": "Kondaveedu fort set to get Ghat road", "text": "GUNTUR: The Centre has in principle agreed to grant permission for laying of a ghat road to the historical monument, Kondaveedu fort in the district through a local reserve forest.A final clearance from the Union minister for forests and environment, Jayanthi Natarajan is expected in a week. as the file has already been cleared by Union secretary Srivatsava.Based on a report submitted by the regional forest conservator in Bangalore, Union secretary Srivatsava appended his stamp on the proposal sent by the state government.Upon information that the file had reached Jayanthi's desk, Union science and technology minister S Jaipal Reddy discussed the issue with his cabinet colleague andrequested her to grant permission to the proposal at the earliest as the issue had been pending for quite some time now.Confirming the receipt of the file from her secretary, Jayanthi was reported to have assured Jaipal Reddy to look into the issue and clear it within a week.The construction of a ghat road to the top of the fort has become vital for the development of Kondaveedu fort, constructed by the Reddy kings of the 14th century.The state government had initially granted nearly Rs 10 crore for the overall development of the fort, including laying of a ghat road for about 5 km almost 3 years ago. However, the work could not start because of the objections raised by the forest department as the proposed ghatroad was passing through the reserve forests. Although, the local forest officials forwarded a proposal seeking clearance from the Centre, it took so much of time as the Centre was not stamping its approvals while clearing works in the reserve forests.The proposed ghat road would start at Puttakota village which is situated at the base of the fort. Several review meetings were held evenwith chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy to push for the development work at Kondaveedu fort in the last three years but nothing happened.\"All the work could start once we get the central forest clearance. I hope we will get the permissions from the Centre in a week's time,\" Kalli Siva Reddy, Kondaveedu fort development committee secretary, told TOI. Siva Reddy recently met the Union minister Jaipal Reddy and sought his interference in getting the clearances from forests and environment ministry. He said Jayanthi Natarajan promised Jaipal Reddy that she would clear the file if there were no endangered animals in the reserve forest which was to be used for laying of the ghat road.Kondaveedu, a hill fortress has been identified as a historical monument by the archaeological department and is located at nearly 1700 ft above the mean sea level.The district administration has identified nearly 73 acres of land at the base of the fort for beautification as part of developing Kondaveedu into an eco-tourism spot. Iskcon has also proposed a massive lord Krishna temple in the vicinity of the fort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17737392", "title": "Cops shifted for laxity", "text": "LUCKNOW: In charge of three police stations were sent to lines on Sunday by the district police chief on charges of laxity. Moreover, three station officials (SO) were also reshuffled.The SOs sent to lines are Chandrashekar Singh (Gudamba), Dinesh Singh (Jankipuram) and S M Yadav (Nigohan). Suresh Yadav has been sent to Gudamba from Sarojininagar, while J P Yadav and R S Yadav have replaced the erstwhile officials of Jankipuram and Nigohan. Ramnaresh Yadav has been made in charge of Sarojininagar police station.Vinod Yadav has been sent to Bakshi Ka Talab from Talkatora, while Taufiq Ahmed has been sent to Aliganj from Indiranagar. Dhirendra Yadav has replaced Ahmed while Sanjay Mishra has been shifted to Manaknagar . The erstwhile in charge of Bakshi Ka Talab was deputed as reader of SP (west). Ram Bahadur, SP (trans-Gomti) confirmed that several complaints against the incumbent officers led to the reshuffle.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17736999", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation's road widening plans in a limbo", "text": "HYDERABAD: Many road expansion works that were started by the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) a couple of years ago are yet to be completed due to hitches in land acquisition and other ground works as well as lack of coordination between the various wings of the corporation.According to sources, the delay is because one wing of the GHMC finalised the tenders before other wings could carry out the land acquisition or prepare road development plans.Consider this. The roads from Dr BR Ambedkar Open University (Braou) to Kavuri Hills and Madhapur to Durgam Chervu via Vasanth Vihar were planned more than two years ago. However, till date, the contractor has completed only 22% of the work as many properties are still to be acquired by the town planning wing. The road widening was planned for 100ft but was later revised to 80ft. Now, the local residents are demanding that its width be further reduced to 60ft which is now under consideration.Similarly, the road from Amaravathi Hotel (Madhapur main road) to Moosapet and Malaysian Township road, which includes the construction of a bridge costing about Rs 25 crore, were finalised a year ago and the agency has taken up its work. The irony is that the contract was granted even before the necessary land could be acquired. While the required road space would be 80ft, at many places only 40ft road is available. Another road from Miyapur to Yellamma Banda remains suspended as the transmission line is still to be shifted.In some cases, like Serilingampally (South) circle on the Dargah junction to OU Colony road widening work was awarded to a contractor a couple of years ago. But the works could never take off for want of basic Road Development Plan (RDP) and acquisition of properties.GHMC takes up about 30 to 40 road expansions by spending about Rs 200 crore every year. Sources said at least 15 major road expansions are hanging fire due to hitches in land acquisition and other reasons. Generally the road formation works should be allotted to contractors only after all the properties on the road stretch have been acquired. If there are any utilities on the roads like water pipelines, transmissions lines and cables, they need to be shifted before the work is handed over to the contractors.The sources said the slow pace of progress on vital works in the city is mainly due to the lack of coordination between engineering and town planning wing. While the engineering wing has been finalising tenders as soon as they get the proposals, the town planning wing has been taking its own time to complete the land acquisition. In some cases, frustrated contractors have given up the work half-way, they added.When contacted, GHMC engineer-in-chief R Dhan Singh admitted that many road expansion works were getting delayed as the land acquisition has not been completed. \"We will complete the pending works by coordinating with the town planning wing,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17738695", "title": "Xavier Institute of Social Services placements go up in 1st phase", "text": "RANCHI: Placement time for students of 2011-13 batch of Xavier Institute of Social Services began on November 16 and in 30% students have been placed just a month.as many as 73 students of the batch have already been placed in the first phase.XISS's placement coordinator Sanjeev Bajaj said, \"We organize placements in two phases. The first phase starts in mid-November and the second in mid-January, both phases continue for a month. The placement in the first phase is comparatively less than the second phase as very few companies visit campus in November.\"The placement in the first phase this year has been comparatively higher than the previous year. \"Last year, 25 companies visited and only 60 students were placed in the first phase, while this year 73 students have been placed in 20 companies,\" said Bajaj.This rise in the number of students placed in the first phase may lead to higher placement percentage this year. Bajaj said, \"Last year, our placement percentage was 88% but since the number of students placed in the first phase increased this year, we are expecting around 95% placements.\"Of the 73 students, the maximum number of students, 31, were from the human resource management stream followed by 20 from the rural management, 11 from marketing, 7 from IT and 3 from the finance.The highest package of Rs 12.5 lakh was bagged by four students - Vasudha Aggarwal, Madhumita Chatterjee, Pavel Banerjee and Amit Sheetal Kujur- of the human resource management.Vasudha Aggarwal was happy to get a good package. \"My college has been a real help and if I was not in this college, maybe I would have not got the chance to prove myself,\" she said.Asked how she thinks her college helped her, Vasudha said, \"The industrial tours organized by the college were really helpful and I got a chance to experience the real corporate world. Also the summer placements were a big help as I got to understand workplace and thus was prepared for the placement interview.\"Ragini Gautam, one of the three students who got placement from the finance stream, is placed in NSE with a package of Rs 3.8 lakh for the first year which will increase to Rs 6 lakh on the second year.Asked about the reason behind low placement rate from her stream, Ragini said, \"Companies prefer chartered accountants to MBA in finance which I think is the major reason behind the low placement rates. I got a placement because my profile is customer relationship manager and not simple MBA.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17736014", "title": "Tender for Pedder road flyover floated", "text": "MUMBAI: Work on the proposed Pedder Road flyover may start early next year, with the government floating a tender for national competitive bidding among developers on Sunday. Builders will have to submit their design and construction proposals by February 14, 2013 for the project, which is meant to decongest the western corridor.MSRDC senior officials said work could start in Aprilafter a contractor was selected. The proposed flyover, estimated to cost Rs 380 crore, has already received environmental clearance from the ministry of environment and forests, crossing perhaps the final hurdle in its way. The traffic police, which will plan and manage traffic diversions for nearly two years of construction, have also given their nod for soil testing. After the Bandra-Worli Sea Link was opened in 2009, the proposal for the flyover was taken up with the Centre, as the authorities had apprehension of massive snarls at Haji Al.Authorities hope that the flyover, which will run from Lala Lajpatrai College on Annie Besant Road near Haji Ali to Wilson College on Marine Drive, will be able to stem the heavy flow of traffic, that has increased ever since the Bandra-Worli Sea Link was opened in 2009. thereby easing the congestion on Pedder Road.But hundreds of Pedder Road residents, including singers Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhonsale, had opposed the bridge. though people living in the suburbs have always been in its favour.Veena Singhal of Pedder Road Residents' Association had said they would continue to voice their protest; she also offered that they would help the Centre and state come up with a better alternative as the \"flyover would not solve the problem\". Keeping in mind the residents' grouse that air and noise pollution will go up, the MoEF has asked MSRDC to instal noise barriers during work. \"Thick vegetation cover wherever required,will be used for the attenuation of noise. Stationary construction equipment should be placed away from habitation... contracts specifications should mention use of less noise generating equipment.High noise generating construction activities like drilling and compacting should be carried out only during the day...Big solar-powered air purifiers should be mounted on streetlight poles,\" The construction as well as excavated material should be disposed off during the night, when traffic will be less,\" the MOEF has instructed the MSRDC in its green clearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17738264", "title": "Students, youth demand safer streets for women", "text": "CHENNAI: In a city that usually turns in early, an 800-strong crowd carrying placards and shouting slogans at midnight is bound to cause a stir. The spontaneous demonstration for safer streets for women that ran from midnight Saturday to the wee hours of Sunday inspired a series of protests across the city on Sunday, some of them led by actors.Nearly 800 people gathered at midnight on Saturday near Gandhi statue on Marina beach to say that women should be able to walk on the streets at any time of day or night without getting harassed. The brutal rape of a young student in Delhi a few days ago had pushed them onto the streets to express their desire for a safer city. Most participants heard about the protests from friends and messages on social networking sites.\"This started on Facebook two nights ago after five women created a page. We got a lot of support for our page 'Walk anywhere without getting raped' ,\" said Radhika, a volunteer.Their original plan was to walk from Sathyam Cinemas to Gandhi statue at Marina but the police refused permission. The setback did not dim the enthusiasm of the men, young women and a few senior citizens. They marched along the Marina's service lane carrying banners and shouting slogans.\"We want Parliament to convene an emergency session to pass amendments to the laws on rape and sexual harassment. The corporate sector should have rules to stop harassment of women at work and police need to be sensitised ,\" said a volunteer who addressed the gathering.On Sunday morning, actor Abbas led a protest at the Marina, and in the evening, actor Suhasini Mani Ratnam spoke at a third demonstration by college students on the beach. \"We need to express our anger at the flaws in our system that lets the accused get away, but we also need to direct our anger at all men who disrespect women with their words, deeds or even their eyes,\" she said.Across town at Eliot's Beach, the Aam Aadmi party led a troupe of placard-carrying demonstrators . \"We don't have a personal agenda, all we want is to live in a safe country,\" said Christina Samy, national executive member, Aam Aadmi party.A number of men participated. \"I don't want to be identified as someone who belongs to a gender that perpetrates heinous crimes on the other gender. What happened in Delhi should not have happened and we want whoever is listening to know that if this recurs, it is going to have serious repercussions,\" said 17-year-old Anirudh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17736825", "title": "Anti-quota staff to start \u00e2\u20ac\u02dccivil disobedience\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 campaign", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, an umbrella association of more than 18 lakh employees of general and OBC categories, on Sunday decided to launch a statewide \"civil disobedience\" campaign in which they would refuse to work under SC/ST officials promoted on the basis of caste. The decision, taken at the samiti's meeting held in Lucknow, may lead to administrative crisis.SHSS president Shailendra Dubey said the samiti had decided to put up stickers and banners in government offices asking members not to work under their junior counterparts from the SC/ST category. \"The Centre will be responsible for the anarchy that will ensue because of this,\" Dubey told TOI. \"The employees have decided to abide by merit and not by caste,\" he added.The call comes days after the employees went on a strike against tabling of the controversial bill in Parliament. The strike, apparently backed by the ruling Samajwadi Party in the state, not only caused a revenue loss running into thousands of crores, but also saw employees attacking the offices of the political parties, especially those of the Congress and the BJP.The call of launching a \"civil disobedience campaign\" comes close on the heels of SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav announcement of stalling the bill in the Lok Sabha, whenever it is convened. The bill, that will pave the way for 117th constitutional amendment, will have to be ratified by at least half of the state legislatures by a majority of not less 2/3 of the members present and voting. The employees are aware of the fact that once that is done, the amendment will apply in all states, including UP even if the SP rejects it.Dubey said the samiti would soon constitute tehsils, districts and divisional-level committees to spread awareness about the \"ill-effects\" of the quota bill. \"The malicious design of the Congress and the BJP to divide society on caste lines will be exposed before people,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17738696", "title": "Ringing in Yuletide spirit", "text": "RANCHI: While Christmas was still a week away, Santa Claus was seen distributing gifts among students of several schools in the city. The enthusiasm of those enrolled in play school knew no bounds as this was the first Christmas gathering of their lives.Ringing in the Yuletide spirit, Step to Step Preparatory School, organised a fancy dress competition which had boys dress up as Santa Claus and girls decked out as angels. Another play school, Roots to Wing, organised various games and puzzles for the kids. Ayush Ranjan, studying there, said, \"We played games throughout the day. When school was about to get over, Santa Claus made a surprise visit and gifted us a big box of chocolates.\"Students of senior schools too participated in dance, songs and drama in the run up to the festival. St Anna High School and Intermediate College saw girls participating in dance and carol singing competition with great enthusiasm.Girls of Ursuline Convent too joined in the festive spirit. Neha Kumari, a student of Ursuline Convent said, \"I was part of group dance that depicted the birth of Jesus. It was greeted with a thunderous applause and we also received a participation certificate for the same. During the programme, we were also treated to snacks and sweets from school.\"Colleges in the city also had a number of events lined up ahead of Christmas. Mayor Rama Khalkho was the chief guest at the Christmas gathering programme of Nirmala College. Densy Daniel of James Storm Ministry shared facts related to Christmas with the students and also said that Jesus loves everyone equally.Xavier Institute of Social Services organised a grand Christmas gathering for its faculty, staff, students and their guardians. Riddhima Modi, a student of XISS, said, \"We all sang carols such as 'Hark the herald', 'O come thee youthful', 'Joy to the world', 'Merry Christmas' and 'Silent night'. The program ended with a feast. We also gave farewell to a professor T John who retired after serving the institute for 33 years.\"A special Christmas celebration was observed at St Michael's Blind School in which the residents of the school preformed soul-stirring dances and skits. Chhotanagpur Dias Education Society felicitated the winners of Blind National Games on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17735956", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar: Great in Tests, greatest in ODIs", "text": "MUMBAI: Time stood frozen on Sunday as Sachin Tendulkar, a behemoth of one-day cricket batting, decided to abruptly call it a day. In his ODI avatar, Tendulkar leaves behind not just the memories of his strokeplay but the riveting story of a marketing phenomenon that made him India's biggest brand.Sachin's ODI record | Profile:  Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar | In Pics:  Sachin's one-day journeyWhile he always remained the undisputed king of one-day cricket, the question lingers if he managed to conquer Test cricket in an equally fascinating way.Statistics alone may never tell the real story. Tendulkar has played 463 ODIs with 234 resulting in India victories and 33 of his 49 hundreds, including the world-record unbeaten 200, coming in a winning cause. His ODI average stands at 44.83 and the winning average at 56.63. What makes Tendulkar's ODI stint more special is also the 154 wickets against his name, with 97 coming in matches India won.Ricky Ponting, Sanath Jayasuriya, Inzamam-ul Haq, Sourav Ganguly and Rahul Dravid - five of the greatest ODI batsmen of Tendulkar's generation - do not match up to the tally.In Test cricket, Tendulkar averages a whopping 54.32 in 194 matches with the win/draw average at a daunting 64.92 in 66 games. The 51 Test centuries are only an icing on the cake. Off those 51, 40 have either resulted in India's victory or a draw.Jacques Kallis, Ricky Ponting, Rahul Dravid, Jacques Kallis and Brian Lara - the five greatest Test batsmen - again do not match up to these figures.As a one-day cricketer, he's been part of a World Cup winning team while as a Test cricketer, he played a crucial role in India going on to become the world's top-ranked team. While Tendulkar continues to play Test cricket, numbers make it impossible to suggest which format he ruled more. A Test batsman is gauged by his run-making ability in different conditions, against different opposition. On that count, 29 of Tendulkar's 51 Test centuries have come in away matches, with some of the best coming at the WACA, Old Trafford, SCG, the Basin Reserve, Galle and so on.In one-day cricket, the accolades are normally reserved for big-match entertainers, and once again there is nobody bigger than Tendulkar. He took India to the semifinals of the 1996 World Cup and batted on a wicket that looked like a featherbed till he got out. He scored a century in the 1999 World Cup immediately after his father's untimely funeral. The nerveless 98 against Pakistan at Centurion in the 2003 World Cup too stands out. Finally, winning the coveted trophy in 2011 makes it complete.For many, favourite Tendulkar moments go beyond the World Cup, be it the 84 in Auckland or the Desert Storm in 1998 or the double century in Gwalior.To say that he was better in one format than the other can only be an anomaly for those looking to make assumptions. Perhaps the fact that he still doesn't have a triple hundred in Tests places him a notch lesser than some other legends. Possibly, compared to Dravid, Tendulkar's double hundreds haven't come in the most demanding conditions either. However, for those looking beyond numbers, the sight of Tendulkar batting has always been divine.One-day cricket, however, has one strong Tendulkar connection. His rise as a ODI batsman, the advent of cable TV and introduction of coloured clothing all happened almost at the same time. The manner in which he went on from there to become India's biggest brand, the darling of scores of parents who wanted their children to be like him, and the humility with which he went about his job perhaps makes him the most complete cricketer ever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17737870", "title": "Bats may hold clue to immunity, longevity in man", "text": "MELBOURNE: Bats, which have survived for 65 million years against all odds, may offer vital clues to immunity and human longevity, a new study has found.Bats are amazing creatures and one of the most abundant and widespread mammals on Earth, researchers said.The Bat Pack, a team of researchers at the Australian Animal Health Laboratory (AAHL), conducted a wide range of research into bats and bat borne viruses, and their potential effects on the human population.Their study offers an insight into the evolution of the bat's flight, resistance to viruses , and relatively long life. The Bat Pack, in collaboration with the Beijing Genome Institute, led a team that sequenced the genomes of two bat species \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the Black Flying Fox, an Australian mega bat, and the David's Myotis, a Chinese micro bat.Once the genomes were sequenced, they compared them to the genomes of other mammals, including humans , to find where the similarities and differences lay.Chris Cowled, post-doctoral fellow at AAHL says the research may eventually lead to strategies to treat, or even prevent disease in humans . \"A deeper understanding of these evolutionary adaptations in bats may lead to better treatments for human diseases, and may eventually enable us to predict or perhaps even prevent outbreaks of emerging bat viruses,\" Cowled said.\"Bats are a natural reservoir for several lethal viruses , such as Hendra, Ebola and Sars, but they often don't succumb to disease from these viruses. They're also the only mammal that can fly, and they live a long time compared to animals similar in size,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17738549", "title": "Environmental fellowship", "text": "If you have a 'green' idea, you can avail of a fellowship to implement the idea into a venture. Swechha, a youth-run organisation, is reaching out to youngsters interested in environmental issues through the Influence Fellowship. Influence is a programme on environmental leadership and volunteering aimed at creating leaders. The fellowship is rolled out every year and open to youth in the Delhi region.Youth are encouraged to send sustainable green ideas with a focus on environmental action . Upon receiving the application, the ideas are evaluated internally. Once convinced about the sustainability and effective implementation of the idea, the individual or group is contacted to discuss the strengths and the weaknesses of the project.The fellowship amount is Rs 50,000 and is rolled out in instalments. The fellows are given the space to implement the project. Swechha team maintains contact with the fellows during the tenure of the project to offer mentoring and suggestions. \"Along with tapping potential and building their capacities, we ensure that the work done by them matches their interests,\" says Deeksha Bhatia , project co-ordinator , Swechha We for Change Foundation.An earlier project that won the fellowship was focused on solar lanterns for vegetable vendors. The project is now a registered entity and started a movement across Delhi to shift to solar energy. The Influence Fellow, seeing a huge demand for the lanterns left her job as a research assistant and started 'Vendors for Change,' a social entrepreneurship venture. \"It will take time for the business to grow but I am looking forward to the journey,\" says Palak Aggarwal , who just completed her Masters from TERI University.Influence engages more than 1,000 young leaders each year on issues related to environment and society. \"We work with a lot of youngsters through campaigns, workshops, events and partner organisations across the country. Regular contact with these volunteers through events and social media helps us reach out to other youngsters interested in working on environment issues,\" adds Bhatia. For details, email to swechhaindia@gmail.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17738741", "title": "Road rage: Engineer, driver brutally stabbed", "text": "PUNE: An engineer and a driver of a private company in Chakan became victims of road rage, robbery as well as the indifferent attitude of a private hospital on the Bhosari-Alandi road late on Saturday night. Both of them were brutally stabbed by a six-seater rickshaw driver and his accomplices, the engineer was later robbed by two unidentified men posing as Good Samaritans and the driver was refused treatment by a private hospital.The engineer, identified as Appasaheb Ravindra Magdum (24), and driver Balu Sitaram Gawari (25), both residents of Chakan, are being treated for serious chest and abdomen injuries at the Adtiya Birla Memorial Hospital in Chinchwad, where their condition was stated to be critical on Sunday.\"Gawari has sustained a penetrating injury in the abdomen over the umbilical region with multiple small and large intestine perforation. He also has multiple blunt injuries in the chest,\" doctors at the Aditya Birla hospital said. \"An operation lasting eight hours was carried out to surgically construct his damaged intestines. He is critical at present and is being treated in surgical ICU,\" the doctors said.\"Magdum has received a penetrating wound with gall bladder perforation and liver laceration. He has also sustained serious intra-abdominal injuries, besides injuries in the right arm. He is also critical and has been taken for surgery,\" the doctors said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17736587", "title": "Kerala may become LPG surplus state by 2015", "text": "KOCHI: Two oil companies have rolled out projects to make Kerala a surplus liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) state by 2015.The projects, being undertaken by the Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) and BPCL Kochi Refinery, are expected make available about 1,700 TMT (thousand metric tonnes) of LPG in the state. The current requirement is 720 MT, even though 92% of households in the state have gas connections.The IOC director board, in a recent meeting, cleared the proposal to set up an LPG importation terminal at Puthuvypeen near here. It is expected that the Rs 600-crore terminal, with a capacity to store 600 TMT of LPG, would go on stream in 24 months, IOC sources in Mumbai said over the telephone. LPG will be imported here from other countriesThe Rs 20,000-crore Integrated Refinery Expansion Project (IREP) of the BPCL Kochi refinery is expected to yield 1,100 TMT of LPG a year. The project is likely to go on stream by end-2015.\"We intend to put up pipelines to take surplus LPG from here to Coimbatore,'' said John Minu Mathew, executive director, BPCL Kochi Refinery.The IOC official also said the oil major will supply surplus gas from the proposed terminal to adjoining areas in Tamil Nadu. \"The supply for the entire state (Kerala will be sourced from the terminal,'' he said.Though Kerala's LPG demand a month is 60 TMT, the BPCL Kochi Refinery, the only one in the state, has a capacity of only 45 TMT. It is also supplying nearly six TMT of LPG to other states, according to a national-level product exchange agreement with other oil companies. The state is now sourcing 21 TMT LPG every month from refineries in states such as Karnataka and Tamil Nadu.LPG from other statesis brought here by bullet tankers, which are posing a threat on Kerala's narrow roads. A recent accident involving such a tanker in Chala, Kannur, claimed 20 lives. The commissioning of the two projects is likely to reduce the transport of gas through roads.The IOC board has also ratified the understanding arrived with the Cochin Port Trust (CPT) on setting up a jetty for super gas tankers. The jetty, expected to cost about Rs 170 crores, will be constructed by the CPT.\"The construction of the jetty and LPG terminal will go on simultaneously,'' the IOC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17740733", "title": "HC dismisses Jagan's bail plea in DA case", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh high court on Monday dismissed the bail petition of YSR Congress chief Y S Jaganmohan Reddy in connection with the case of alleged disproportionate assets involving him.Jagan earlier moved the high court contending that he is entitled to bail as a matter of right in view of the fact that the CBI had not filed a chargesheet within the prescribed time.However, opposing Jagan's bail plea, the CBI had contended that the issue of statutory bail was argued at length in Supreme Court and the accused now cannot raise this issue once again.The central agency had further informed the high court that the Kadapa MP was arrested in a particular case of VANPIC deal alone and not yet in other aspects.On November 28, a special CBI court had dismissed his statutory bail petition observing that \"granting bail at this stage of pending investigation will not only impede the investigation, but also infringe the avowed purpose set out by the Supreme Court in its order\".His second bail plea was also dismissed subsequently on December 4 after which Jagan moved the high court and filed two bail petitions.VANPIC project's promoter (industrialist Nimmagadda Prasad) allegedly invested Rs 854 crore in the companies belonging to Jagan towards a largesses for which the then AP government, led by late YS Rajasekhara Reddy, doled out many favours in the form of awarding the project.Jagan, who was arrested on May 27 this year by CBI on corruption charges, is presently under judicial remand and lodged at the Chanchalguda Central Prison here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17738241", "title": "New method to stop water seepage into Sonar Fort hill", "text": "JAISALMER: It is being said that the era of old things and methods is coming back. In olden times, cow dung and multani mitti mixed with grass were used to build houses in rural areas. Now, a team of experts of archaeological survey of India (ASI) is using this mixture to stop the seepage of water into the hill on which the Sonar Fort stands.On the advice of ASI experts and with the help of local municipal council, a 20-feet-wide pit is being dug near the hill and this mixture is being applied on experimental basis. If the experiment is successful then the mixture would be applied on the slope of the entire mountain.In the meantime, the residents of Sonar Fort burnt the effigy of Union art and culture minister Chandresh Kumari over rumours of getting the fort vacated.ASI Rajasthan head Vasant Swarnakar said the residents of the fort used to dump garbage on the hill for decades. Now the piled-up garbage is exerting pressure on the hill which is proving dangerous for the fort. Due to garbage the rainwater gets accumulated, which seeps inside the hill.He said to solve this problem, ASI experts have decided to spread the mixture of cow dung, multani mitti and grass on the entire hill. After the mixture dries up, it would act as a barrier and prevent water from seeping inside.In 1212, the Sonar Fort was built on Trikut hill. Due to seepage of water, the foundation of the fort is becoming hollow and the fort's walls are getting dilapidated.On the other hand, protests have started against the chemical treatment being done on the fort. Thar Heritage Museum founder Lakshmi Narayan Khatri has submitted a memorandum to the district collector demanding to stop the chemical treatment of the hill as it would spoil the beauty of Trikut hill which is the heritage of Bhati kings. He said that the mixture of cow dung and sand will not stop the seepage of water and it has to be applied every six months. Residents of the fort, too, have expressed their annoyance over this chemical treatment.Over rumours of getting the fort vacated, the residents of the fort burnt the effigy of Chandresh Kumari. When contacted, Kumari denied the rumour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17738109", "title": "Telangana Political Joint Action Committee leaders arrested at Gandhi Bhavan", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police on Sunday arrested Telangana Political Joint Action Committee (T-JAC) members when they tried to take out a rally to the Congress party office to mark 'Day of Betrayal'. T-JAC was observing December 23 as the day of betrayal as it was on this day that the Centre went back on its promise on the formation of a T-state in 2009.The T-JAC leaders led by chairman M Kodandaram were stopped by the police as they were taking out a protest rally towards Gandhi Bhavan, Nampally. The police took them into custody but released them late in the afternoon.Lashing out at the government for an anti-Telangana stand, Kodandaram condemned the arrest terming it undemocratic. \"We were just taking out a peaceful protest march. The arrest was not called for. This shows how intolerant the government is towards the sentiment of the people of Telangana. We protest this attitude vehemently,\" he said.He added that the main focus of T-JAC at present was to build pressure on political parties to take part in the all-party meeting on December 28 and express a common opinion in favour of Telangana. The T-JAC leaders would meet Telugu Desam Party (TDP) president N Chandrababu Naidu on Monday, Kodandaram said. Meanwhile, various agitations were held across all the Telangana districts to observe the 'Day of Betrayal'.The TRS has lined up a series of protest rallies in case the Centre fails to come clear on its stand on Telangana in the all-party meeting. The party has planned to launch 'Chalo Assembly' in February.TRS president K Chandrashekar Rao said that the 'anti-Telangana parties', including Congress, TDP and YSR Congress were coming in the way of realising the T-dream. \"Chandrababu Naidu is the main culprit. Because of him, the Centre did not impart statehood to Telangana. After writing to the Centre on Telangana, Naidu backtracked. Now, they will face an acid test in the all-party meeting,\" KCR said.Telangana Political Joint Action Committee dharna in KarimnagarKARIMNAGAR: Telangana Joint Action Committee (T-JAC) leaders were arrested in Karimnagar town when they tried to besiege the District Congress Committee (DCC) office on Sunday, to press their demand for Telangana, as part of their observing December 23 as a 'day of betrayal'. It may be recalled that on December 23, 2009, the central government had made an announcement against Telangana. Prior to that statement, the home ministry gave a positive statement on Telangana. The T-JAC leaders tried to enter the District Congress Committee office on Sunday. However, the police took the leaders into custody and shifted them to Karimnagar II town police station. TRS and T-JAC leaders staged a dharna in front of the police station and demanded that the police release the arrested leaders. TRS MLC Naradasu Laxman Rao, BJP Kisan Morcha national leader P Sugunakar Rao and others participated in the dharna.PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17737085", "title": "It's time for Merry Christmas &amp; cakes", "text": "VARANASI: Christmas and New Year celebrations have led to the unending demand of cakes. In fact, the demand is around five times high these days.From the regular-sized round-shaped cakes to thematic cakes in the shape of bells, heart, dolls and fairies, Christmas revelers are placing orders for all varieties and flavours.A baker at Jagatganj area said the demands had reached to such an extent that 25 to 30 orders are booked daily.Moreover, denizens are ready to spend Rs 200 to Rs 3,000 on these cakes for its remains the centre of attraction in any party.A baker in Mehmoorganj, said, \"Apart from home, we are getting orders from coaching centres, schools, paying guest accomodations, hostels, clubs and other organisations. Customers start placing orders a couple of days before Christmas. Although all flavours of cakes are in demand for New Year celebrations, we focus more to the stock of walnut, apricot and other dry fruits cakes for Christmas.\"Despite the fact that there are only a few bakers who are engaged in making plum cakes, nearly all the Churches, Christian schools and families in the east UP region get their plum cakes from the city. A baker in Cantonment area said, he and his family are engaged in preparing plum cakes for past 50 years.\"To cater to different people of all economic backgrounds, we tell our customers to bring the raw material and it is only our style of preparation that adds the flavours. The labour cost can starts with Rs 50 to Rs 1,000 and can reach even more depending upon the size of the cake,\" added Jamal, a member of the family. Ghee and sugar, egg, essence, baking powder, dry fruits are main ingredients of the plum cakes, spices like clove, chinnamon, nutmeg are added to escape the smell of eggs, which are added in large quantities.A customer said that such cakes are not available in market and at home it is difficult to prepare in large quantities. This shop caters to the needs of all individual customers in the city.Gyan, another customer said, \"Plum cake is brown or black fruit cake traditionally associated with Christmas and weddings. It is prepared with dry fruits, plums soaked in rum for many days. Traditionally, such cakes are part of Caribbean culture. It requires a lot of expertise to prepare the cake. However, the taste of the plum cakes prepared in the city is also cherished by friends and relatives in other cities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17738206", "title": "St. Mary's church gets basilica status", "text": "HYDERABAD: The St Mary's Church in Secunderabad has been declared as a minor Basilica by the Pope Benedict XVI , the first such honour bestowed upon a church in the state which joined the esteemed list of 16 other Catholic churches in the country accorded the same status.Welcoming the declaration just days before Christmas, the archbishop of Hyderabad, Rev Thumma Bala described it as a moment of great joy and pride for not just the Christian brethren but also the people of the state.\"The St Mary's Church has now been raised to a higher level of religious importance. This church has a lot of historical importance and has become a major spiritual centre which is visited by a large number of people,\" he said.The church, which has 150 years of history, was built by the efforts of Father Daniel Murphy in 1854 mainly for the Catholics who were serving in the British army.The basilicas are Catholic pilgrim sites created by the Pope with a special degree. There are two kinds of basilicas, major and minor. While there are only four major basilicas in Rome, the minor basilicas are spread across the world.Minor basilicas are important churches in Rome and across the world that are given special priestly privileges and are traditionally named because of their antiquity, historical value and architectural and artistic worth. They are also considered significant centres of worship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17737445", "title": "Youth arrested for ATM break-in in Trichy", "text": "Trichy: A 28-year-old man who attempted to break open an ATM of a bank on Madurai Road in Trichy on Saturday night was detained by the police on Sunday evening. However, the police said he would be arrested after the investigation.The burglary attempt came to light on Sunday morning after a man found the ATM of the Canara Bank on Madurai Road broken. On information, the police rushed to the spot and took fingerprints. They found that the cash kept in the ATM was not stolen. However, the burglar broke the machine.Initial investigations revealed that that ATM centre was not provided with an emergency alarm and a guard. Meanwhile, the police got a picture of a man captured on CCTV in the ATM centre. The police also traced the address of the account number of the last transaction done in the ATM. The police captured a 28-year-old youth at a residence in Valluvar Nagar. The picture taken from the CCTV camera matched with the man. So, he was taken into police custody. His name was not disclosed. The police said he had also unsuccessfully attempted to break open the ATM of The South Indian Bank on Madurai Road in September 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17736403", "title": "Shubh Labh Developers deposits Rs 25L tax", "text": "INDORE: Post-commercial tax department raids, Shubh Labh Developers deposited Rs 25 lakh on Sunday. Commercial taxes department sleuths conducted raids on city builders for two days beginning Saturday. The realtors on whose premises the raids were conducted include Lifestyle Infratech, Chugh Realty, Sterling Creation and Chawla Developers. A source, familiar with the development said the team had also visited the premises of Royal Builders in Mhow, but they could not conduct raids as they were informed about death of a person in the family of the firm owner. Now, they are likely to conduct the raids on the premises in near future, sources added.The other firms that have already deposited money include Chugh Realty (Rs 33 lakh) and Sterling Creation (Rs 5 lakh), sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741376", "title": "Bollywood strikes up romance with Colombia", "text": "Having found an audience of its own in countries of Asia and Europe, Bollywood with its typical genre of dance and foot-tapping songs, and emphasis on family values is now striking up a new romance with the football crazy Latin American nation, Colombia.Especially in a country affected by violence and drug trafficking, the family values displayed deeply in Bollywood films are giving some people in Colombia a hope in a different way of life, say Colombian Bollywood enthusiasts.\"Bollywood is not well known in Colombia but it over the last four or five years it has started to gain more and more fans. Social networking sites are playing a very important role in promoting Indian films and the local channels also telecast some Bollywood movies,\" says Claudia Vega, co-founder of 'Amigos de India' (Friends of India) association.The Bogota-based association, which has received official support of the Embassy of India, carries out cultural activities and aims to promote friendship between India and Colombia.'Amigos de India', which is the biggest Spanish speaking community promoting Indian culture, organises Bollywood dance shows to spread the typical genre in Colombia, says Claudia, who fell in love with Bollywood after watching Aishwarya Rai and Madhuri Dixit starrer 'Devdas' on a local TV channel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741289", "title": "8 films to release on Dec 28!", "text": "A record number of eight or more small and medium Tamil films are due for release on December 28. The eight films which have announced a December 28 release are Akilan, Kozhikoovathu, Paraseega Mannan, Lollu Dadha Parag Parag, Pathayiram Kodi, Kathal Kaviyam, Kandu Pidichitten and Vishal's Samar.Vishal starrer 'Samar' directed by Thiru with Trisha playing the female lead is the front runner. The film which has Vishal, Trisha and Sunaina playing the lead roles has been in the making for quite some time now and is finally gearing up for release.It is the last Friday of 2012, as everybody wants to release their films. Which of these actually make it to the screens and which back out and who are the others who sneak through in, that we have to wait and watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17738044", "title": "Please, let's give peace a chance", "text": "People have the right to protest peacefully in a democracy. This differentiates countries like India from totalitarian regimes like China. However, the way the police have handled the protests in Delhi in the last two days has shown that both the police and government are clueless as to how to deal with spontaneous protests. Instead of recognising what is bringing our children, young girls and boys, to the wind-swept lawns of India Gate, instead of gauging the depth of their anguish born of a horrendous rape that makes the country hang its head in shame, our police and administrators are dealing with the protestors as they would with hired crowds often brought by vested political interests to create mischief.Sadly, this flawed way of dealing with the protests has created a deep sense of frustration among those protesting, a frustration that is beginning to be expressed in a disturbing resort to violence. It seems unruly elements are now sensing the possibility of exploiting the situation to foment trouble. Any violence will defeat the very purpose why Nirbhaya (the symbolic name TOI has given the courageous girl) is battling for her life: to ensure that she, and others like her, get justice and such violent crimes are not allowed to happen again.We must recognize the context in which this protest may be going out of control. The police have been guilty of undue use of force on protesters in a bid to get them out of the area around Vijay Chowk. They are being lathicharged, tear-gassed, hit with water cannons, and section 144 has been imposed - the standard operating procedure for dealing with crowds. Are the police to blame for this? Yes, but only partly. This is because they are mandated to prevent unscheduled protestors from climbing Raisina Hill and reaching Rashtrapati Bhavan to convey their anguish to the President. When MPs march as a body to give the President a memorandum of demand, the police are informed in advance and they let the MPs through. But they are at a loss when things don't go by the book and representatives of a spontaneous movement seek to do the same.This is where political intervention and wisdom are required. Senior government leaders should tell the police to negotiate with the protestors for a manageable group of representatives to go and meet the President. Better still, the leaders should do it themselves. As public anger grew in the days after the rape, not one of them came to talk to the young girls and boys. So what if they had faced some anger? If a brave leader - say, Rahul Gandhi, who is said to be a youth icon - had reached the spot, megaphone in hand, and told the protestors that he shared the same anguish, the same anger and had the same determination to ensure zero tolerance for any kind of misbehaviour towards women, the situation might have been defused by now. Instead, the situation is now in danger of descending into violence.But it is not - as some are saying - because political parties have joined the protests (who would channelize popular anger in a democracy if not organised political outfits?). The real reason is that the protestors feel they are banging their heads against a wall. There is no one to listen to them. The government has failed to recognise that these protests are signs of the people's resolve to not remain mute spectators to administrative apathy and poor governance. This is not the first time that the government and the police have been panicked into hasty action on protesters. Baba Ramdev's rally at the Ramlila grounds earlier in the year saw a similarly knee-jerk reaction. Metro stations were also shut down when Arvind Kejriwal and others had called for a dharna at the PM's residence demanding the Jan Lokpal bill. It was the same on Sunday when four Metro stations were sealed and section 144 was imposed in the India Gate area.In this case, as in the earlier ones, the protests were peaceful till things took an ugly turn on Sunday evening. Nobody was physically attacking anybody, public or private property was not being damaged, and there was no violence. A few young boys and girls throwing bottles or stones don't make a protest dangerous. So why the insistence on breaking it up and clearing the area? Often the police response is that no permission was sought for the protest. When protests are against police inaction, does it not seem strange that we must seek the permission of the police before protesting? Second, the notion of seeking permission might make sense when it is an organized protest, but where in the question of seeking permission when people spontaneously turn up to register their anger? Who is expected to seek permission? Our government and police must get used to the idea that in the era of social media many protests will be spontaneous and without clear leaders who can seek and get permission. The response cannot be to just put them down. As long as protests are peaceful, they must be allowed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17737233", "title": "Raje seeks death penalty for accused in Delhi gangrape", "text": "JODHPUR: Leader of Opposition Vasundhara Raje has demanded death penalty for all the accused in the Delhi gangrape incident. She also advocated a harsher law to deal with heinous crimes like rape. Raje was on a brief visit of Jodhpur to inaugurate the annual trade fair, 'Swadeshi Mela' on Sunday.Lambasting the government for its failure in handling the issue of gangrape effectively forcing students to come out on the roads in New Delhi, Raje said: \"The government has miserably failed in instilling confidence in the people, which resulted in the outburst of anger among the youth of the country. After that too the government failed to deal with the situation allowing the demonstration to turn violent gradually,\" she said in her address.She said that the government appears paralysed as it has not yet come out with a firm stand on the matter and making citizens feel that there is something called government in the country.On the other hand, expressing solidarity with the youth of Delhi in their fight for the victim of gangrape, students of Kamla Nehru Girls College and S N Medical College took out a march on Friday and Saturday. The students of St Patrick's Girls School took out a march on Sunday morning from their school to Jalori Gate Circle.On Monday, the youth of Barmer town is planning an agitation to express solidarity with the youth of Delhi. Convener of the Group for People, Chandan Singh Bhati said that in order to raise the voice against the criminals and make the law harsher, the people will have to get on to the roads. \"We will take out a peace march on Monday by tying black strap around arms, which will start from Ahimsa Circle,\" said Bhati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17736845", "title": "St Cruz man held for raping girl", "text": "MARGAO: Even as there is widespread outrage over the gangrape in Delhi, another case of rape has been registered at the Margao police station.Rajanish Kumar Singh, a resident of St Cruz, near Panaji , was arrested on charges of raping his 21-year-old co-worker at their workplace in Margao on December 19.Singh, has been admitted to the Hospicio hospital, Margao, following his arrest. He has been charged under Sections 342, 376, 506 (2) of the IPC and remanded to seven days police custody.Police sources stated that the victim, in her complaint said that the accused locked the room from inside and wrongfully confined her within the office premises when nobody else was present and raped her. He also threatened her with dire consequences if she disclosed anything about it to anybody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17739556", "title": "26 die in 24 hours in UP as cold wave intensifies", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the fog receded in most parts of Uttar Pradesh Monday, 26 people have died in the last 24 hours because of the extreme cold, officials said.The deaths were reported from Basti (6), Jaunpur (4), Ballia (4), Mirzapur (2), Varanasi, Bhadohi and Chandauli (1 each). Dense fog has also caused road accidents, in which as many as six have died.With mercury falling below 11 degrees Celsius in the day, and with minimum temperature falling below four degrees Celsius, the district magistrate of Lucknow has ordered closure of all schools and colleges in the state capital till January 5.Timings for class 11 and 12 have also been revised, and schools are set to open at 10 a.m..Met director J.P. Gupta said conditions would not improve in the coming week. Fog and bitter cold would continue in most parts of the state.Fog also disrupted train schedules, and more than 50 trains were running late Monday morning. All major trains from the union capital Delhi to Lucknow were running late by several hours.The Shatabdi Express was running late by five hours, while the Lucknow Mail was running late by three hours, officials said. (Average journey time by Shatabdi is six hours, 22 minutes.)Long-distance trains were running late by several hours and the Barauni Express had to be cancelled by the Northern Railways.Four flights were cancelled Sunday evening as the visibility at the Chaudhary Charan Singh Amausi airport did not improve. Many flight passengers hoped that the weather would improve, but were in for disappointment as major flyers like Jet Airways and Indigo said they would not be able to fly the late evening flights due to poor visibility.Jet Airways flights (9W-303) between Delhi-Lucknow, 9W-304, 9w-2513 between Kolkata-Lucknow and the Indigo flight to Mumbai remained cancelled Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17736141", "title": "Ramdev fails to strike a chord", "text": "NEW DELHI: Baba Ramdev and his followers also tried to join the hundreds of unruly protesters at India Gate, but their plan fell flat. Even before they could start, cops swiftly pushed them off to Jantar Mantar. But it was hard to understand what Baba was protesting. While his followers handed out leaflets on 'black money' and 'corruption,' Baba, himself, demanded capital punishment for the accused.Retired Army chief Gen VK Singh and the Baba's rural supporters joined him. Many protesters criticized Ramdev's move to 'politicise' the issue.The yoga guru left Haridwar on Sunday morning and came to Delhi with his followers aboard 23 buses. His other followers joined him at Ghaziabad and the large group was headed for India Gate. But Delhi Police stopped his cavalcade at Bhairon Marg as Section 144 had been imposed at India Gate. Ramdev was asked to take his procession to Ramlila Maidan. But the group refused to protest at Ramlila and demanded a place near India Gate, closer to the main centre of protests. In the end, they settled for Jantar Mantar.One of his supporters, Ramphal Singh from Patanjali, while handing out leaflets that only talked about 'black money' said that through this issue, they will touch upon other issues as well. In fact, many Baba supporters weren't clear about what they were protesting. \"We reached the city on Sunday morning and were told we are here to demand capital punishment for the gang rape accused,\" said Pradeep Kumar, a Baba Ramdev follower.Ramdev's supporters shouted slogans like 'Phansi do, phansi do' and demanded that the laws for rape be amended immediately. But Jantar Mantar was not just a venting ground for saffron-clad Baba followers, a lot of other groups also joined in. Any group that did not manage to enter India Gate due to heavy security landed up at Jantar Mantar.Unruly Baba followers suddenly decided to march to India Gate from Jantar Mantar in the afternoon and started moving police barricades when the cops clamped down heavily on them. There was a lathicharge that injured and scared people. Cops were also armed with tear gas shells but did not lob them.Meanwhile, many other protesters disapproved the likes of Baba \"trying to make the most of the situation\". \"I have heard that Baba gives medicines to people for bearing a male child. How can he talk about women's issues? I don't think he has any real empathy with women,\" Dheeraj Sharma, an engineer, said.\"I hate it when people politicize such sensitive issues. They should keep quiet and let people decide,\" Vaibhav Mehandiratta, an architect, added.The yoga guru later visited Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital to meet his followers who were injured in the lathicharge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740669", "title": "Mrityunjay Mondal's art is for the voiceless", "text": "This artist is all set to fight for the environment. In a recent exhibition held at the India Fine Art, Tardeo, he showcased his latest works .When artist Mrityunjay Mondal visited his village a few years back he saw that all open spaces had been removed to make way for new concrete constructions. All the large tress had been chopped off mercilessly and nature had been compromised to meet the needs of humans. This stirred something in the artist's heart , \"I wanted the society to wake up to the feelings of the animals, birds and other creatures and decided to do this show.\"When an artist wants to talk about environment, he does it subtly through the only form of expression known to him - art. Bright colours, unusual forms and concepts that are out of the box are used. Artist Mrityunjay Mondal's latest collection 'Journey', he says, is all about the life-cycle of living beings. \"Man is cutting trees to make space for his home and buildings. But he does not re-plant these trees and hence there is an imbalance in the eco-system. The animals are losing their natural space. In my work I am voicing the feelings and opinions of creatures that cannot express themselves.\"For Mondal, man is the creature who wants to control everything and man's drive for urbanization is slowly destroying other creatures. The artist feels for these animals, birds and fish and he wants to express how these mute creatures feel, through his art. In his works we can see a lot of these creatures with human heads and the artist explains, \"These creatures, animals, have emotions and would like to be happy with their space and surroundings. So I have used half animal and half human figures as a metaphor to show that even these creatures would like to have their own space, family and surroundings and they don't mind the co-existing with humans.\"In one of his paintings he has shown a boat which depicts the Noah's Ark. He says, \"Humans as well as other creatures went aboard the ark as all were needed for earth's existence. But today we abuse this right of theirs.\"The artist has used bright colours to portray positivity he says. He says, \"I have used these bright colors to represent the beautiful thoughts of these lovely creatures. Since these creatures cannot speak for themselves I have shown them in bright and warm colours to appeal to the society to give these lovely creatures the space they need.\" A heartwarming journey through Mrityunjay Mondal's eye.debarati.sen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17737000", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation's lackadaisical attitude towards fire safety", "text": "HYDERABAD: Though fire accidents are on the rise in the city, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) Fire Prevention Wing (FPW) is confining itself to issuing notices and hoping that further mishaps do not occur.Notices were served on commercial buildings, hospitals and schools, which have not followed the fire safety measures. No action was taken for their failure to comply with the norms except for fixing deadlines and warning them to provide fire-fighting equipment.These three categories of buildings were chosen for immediate fire compliance as there might be heavy loss of life in case of a fire accident. Also, a number of fire accidents had taken place in hospitals and commercial buildings.In the wake of the fire accident at the Begumpet airport a couple of days ago, hospital managements have been asked to remove stocks and godowns stored in cellars apart from providing fire-fighting equipment in buildings. However, till date only 357 of the 489 hospitals have complied with the fire safety norms, but 130 hospitals have not even responded to the notice.Commercial buildings are at the bottom of the compliance list. Of 451 buildings in Greater Hyderabad, owners of only 56 buildings have managed to take No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the corporation. despite serving several notices.With regard to schools, notices were issued twice to 1,860 educational institutions housed in buildings up to ground and four floors. Of them, 569 school managements came forward to provide fire-fighting equipment and took NOC. Since compliance percentage of schools is less and these buildings cannot be sealed or closed, the FPW wrote letters to the education department to cancel recognition of these schools.The corporation has been insisting that managements of function halls, hotels, lodges and bars put in place fire-fighting equipment. However, the GHMC has paid little attention on these entities. Only eight function halls of around 250 have got the NOC, while 73 hotels of 254 comply with rules.When contacted, GHMC additional director (FPW) C Lakshmi Prasad said demolition of cellars in hospitals would be taken up by the town planning as the deadline ended on Thursday. \"For new buildings, fire NOC is being insisted before releasing building permissions. In the case of old buildings, managements have been asking for some more time as they want to implement it in a phased manner,\" the additional director said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740677", "title": "'Rise Of The Zombie' to release Feb 22", "text": "\" Rise Of The Zombie\", India's first Zombie horror thriller, co-directed by Devaki Singh and Luke Kenny, will release Feb 22 next year.The film is about Neil Parker (Luke), a passionate wildlife photographer who pays more attention to wildlife than his own life. As a result, his relationship with the real world suffers. His girlfriend, played by Kirti, leaves him and thus begins his journey into darkness.A production venture of BSI Entertainment and Kenny Media, \"Rise Of The Zombie\" also has Ashvin Mushran and Benjamin Gilani in the cast.The film is a journey of transformation and origin of a Zombie. Due to unpredictable events and a complex story with unimaginable Zombie mayhem, \"Rise Of The Zombie\" promises to keep the audiences on the edge of their seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17736863", "title": "Foreigner regional registration office yet to start OCI facility despite getting powers", "text": "PANAJI: The Union ministry of home affairs has delegated the powers to grant overseas citizen of India (OCI) status to the foreigner regional registration office (FRRO) in Goa with effect from December 1, 2012, but the FRRO Goa is still to exercise these powers.Consequently, foreigners of Goan origin, to whom the facility was obtained through much effort from the Goa NRI commissioner's office, have nowhere to go with their applications.In a recent press release, the directorate of NRI affairs in Goa had declared the facility open and advised \"those interested in obtaining OCI card status should apply for OCI to FRRO Goa as their applications will not be accepted in the OCI cell at the ministry of home affairs at New Delhi with effect from December 1, 2012.\"When contacted, superintendent of police (Immigration) Tony Fernandes confirmed that the Goa FRRO has still not started accepting any applications for OCI cards.Fernandes said the reason is that the FRRO Goa has neither the staff nor the office premises. Fernandes said he has written to the home minister with his requirements for at least 10 more staff including two police sub-inspectors, head constables and other staff.Fernandes also pointed out that presently, the FRRO is based at police headquarters building in Panaji. This office is not adequate for the task and Fernandes said the bureau of immigration has been advised to obtain an office for the FRRO Goa.Fernandes said he has requested for an office in locations like Vasco, Panaji or Verna but added that he has not set any deadline for the same.Sources said that foreign citizens of Goan origin, who obtain an OCI card, can get lifelong visas in India and are entitled to enjoy their properties and other facilities in Goa except voting rights, government jobs and constitutional posts.Earlier, foreign citizens of Goan origin wishing to apply for OCI card status had to submit their applications to the ministry of home affairs in New Delhi either personally or by post or through an agent. Once their applications were granted, they had to make trips to Delhi to collect the OCI cards on production of their foreign passports for getting life-long multiple entry visas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17738020", "title": "Chandigarh women voice trauma of sexual harassment", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ogling eyes, passing of lewd remarks and vulgar gestures. Victims of sexual harassment have to face harsh ordeal every day in Chandiagrh - considered to be one of the most progressive cities in India.It is quite a paradox that while the accused of these street crimes easily get bail, victims are left traumatized, broken and scarred for life. They have to go through the nightmare even after registering a police case. 2012 has seen an unprecedented rise in the cases of harassment and despite various efforts of the city police, these crimes against women continue unabated.\"I was undergoing a horrifying experience of harassment for the last nearly one month. I had to muster a lot of courage before making my mind to approach the police against three youths of a local city college. Now, I always have a fright while I move alone on the road,\" said one of the harassment victims aged 16, who studies at a government school in Sector 18.Another harassment victim aged 24, who works at a private company in IT park, told TOI, \"It went on for nearly two months and I believe that miscreants are not even afraid of cops. Some youths, travelling in a car, with Punjab registration number, used to pass lewd remarks while I waited for auto-rickshaw. When I told them that I would approach the police, they even threatened and manhandled me.\"In Chandigarh, nearly 65 cases of sexual harassment have been registered in 2012 and over 100 men have been arrested for the crime. Whereas in 2011 and 2010, around 15 cases were registered.\"It was the most traumatic experience of my life. Though police arrested the accused, the same day he was released in only three-four hours. Now he roams around our locality every day freely. I think eve-teasing and sexual harassment should be made a non-bailable offence so that our law poses as a deterrent,\" said an eve-teasing victim aged 18), a student of a private school in Sector 38.\"We need stringent laws and speedy trials to deter accused from indulging in this crime. In most cases, the culprits are unaware of the repercussions of committing this crime. We only need two-three exemplary punishments and thereafter, any individual would automatically think twice before indulging in this,\" Jatinder Mohan, a psychologist, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17736490", "title": "Russia\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s only Hindu temple faces threat of demolition", "text": "NEW DELHI: A year after Russia sought to ban the Bhagavad Gita, the Iskcon Krishna temple in Moscow is facing closure by the Russian government. By January 15, 2013, Iskcon monks said their Moscow temple, the only Hindu temple in Russia, would be demolished by the city authorities.As Russian President Vladimir Putin arrives on Monday for a day of talks with the Indian government, the temple issue is likely to figure in the discussions, not least because the issue has been pursued by the foreign ministry.Indian ambassador to Russia Ajai Malhotra has asked the Moscow authorities to give an extension to a temporary temple which is set to expire on December 31, 2012, until they complete the construction of a Vedic cultural centre. Asked about the proposed demolition, Russian ambassador to India Alexander Kadakin dismissed fears of demolition.However, Iskcon monk Madanmohan Das said the demolition order has not been revoked, so the temple is due to come down in January, because the authorities said it \"violates the urban building code\" and has no legal grounds for existence.In a statement, the temple officials said they feared that even the permanent temple would face the axe. \"A source in the Moscow mayor's office said on condition of anonymity that Mayor Sergey Sobyanin also ordered to axe the permanent temple project, which Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit and previous Moscow mayor Yuri Luzhkov had included in a joint declaration in 2006 as a symbol of cultural cooperation between the cities. Following the declaration, Indian ambassador Ajai Malhotra laid the cornerstone for the new project earlier this year,\" the statement said.This year, Russia plans to push for land from the Indian government for a Russian orthodox church in Delhi. In 2004, Moscow's Iskcon temple was demolished and the Iskcon group was offered another plot to build a temple. Reports said the offer was withdrawn after Russian orthodox church members protested against the temple building plans.Last year's Bhagavad Gita trial had brought Lok Sabha to its feet and in a rare move, Parliament had collectively asked Russia to prevent the ban. The latest issue of demolition promises to put another wrinkle in the bilateral relations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17736846", "title": "'Children's court must increase sittings'", "text": "PANAJI: Children's Rights in Goa (CRG), a NGO dedicated to improve the status of children in Goa expressed urgent need to increase the sittings of the children's court to avoid \"needless delay\" in the disposal of cases.Speaking to TOI, CRG director Nishtha Desai said \"The area of concern is the fact that there are so many cases in the children's court which are still pending. Some of these cases are cases that took place more than three years ago. Children cannot get on with their lives and put an incident of abuse behind them unless the cases are expedited in a timely manner. The children's court sits only once a week. There is an urgent need to increase the sittings and to ensure that there is no needless delay in the disposal of cases.\"Recently speaking at a seminar, principal district and sessions judge, Anuja Prabhudessai, who also presides over the children's court every Monday, pointed out that though Goa has an Act, the conviction rate for crimes against children was \"not satisfactory\".Desai also said that there was an urgent need for the government to set up Victims' assistance units (VAUs) as per the Goa Children's Act (GCA).VAUs were envisaged as units that would be available 24/7 to provide all round assistance to child victims - be it psycho-social support, legally monitoring the case, ensuring the rehabilitation of the child or providing any other assistance required by the child.\"The GCA will be completing 10 years in July, 2013. The best way to mark the completion of 10 years would be to ensure that the law is implemented and that the VAUs and other child protection mechanisms are set up,\" Desai said.Desai stated that the Village and city child committees (VCCs) can also play a role in protecting children.\"But we need them to be set up. In some villages, the committees are doing an exemplary job. We need more such committees,\" said Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17737581", "title": "Nasa rules out asteroid collision with Earth in 2040", "text": "WASHINGTON: As the 'Mayan doomsday' predictions failed to pan out, Nasa has come up with more good news - an asteroid feared to be on a collision course with the Earth no longer poses a threat to the planet.Uncertainties about the orbit of the asteroid, known as 2011 AG5, previously allowed for a less than a 1% chance it would hit the Earth in February 2040, Nasa said.Previously, scientists estimated that the risk of this 140m-diametre (about the length of two football fields) asteroid colliding with the Earth was as high as one in 500.If this object were to collide with the Earth it would have released about 100 megatonnes of energy, several thousand times more powerful than the atomic bombs that ended World War II. Statistically, a body of this size could impact the Earth on average every 10,000 years.The observations, using the Gemini North telescope in Hawaii, were especially challenging, said team-member Richard Wainscoat. \"These were extremely difficult observations of a very faint object. We were surprised by how easily the telescope was able to recover such a faint asteroid so low in the sky.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17738110", "title": "Telangana Congress MPs to write to Sonia again", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telangana Congress MPs are set to write a fresh letter to party president Sonia Gandhi targeting chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy. On Sunday, the leaders decided to alert the party high command about Kiran Kumar Reddy misleading the Centre on Telangana.\"The CM is trying to mislead the Centre by saying that there is no Telangana sentiment and there is no need to divide the state till 2014 polls. We want to let Sonia know this false propaganda and bring the ground reality to her attention that the party will be rooted out in the region if it ignores the people's T sentiment,\" Congress MP from Peddapalli, G Vivekananda, said. Telangana Congress MPs Ponnam Prabhakar, Manda Jaganatham, Gutha Sukhender Reddy, Madhu Yashki Goud, S Rajaiah and Komatireddy Rajagopal Reddy would write to Sonia Gandhi. Meanwhile, Ponnam Prabhakar demanded that the World Telugu Conference (WTC), to be held between December 27 and 29, must pass a resolution on forming two Telugu-speaking states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "17737349", "title": "Union minister visits minor rape victim's house in Alwar", "text": "ALWAR: Union minister of state for sports and youth affairs Jitendra Singh on Sunday made a visit to the house of a 6-year-old rape victim in Alwar. After interacting with her family, Singh instructed police to expedite the investigation in the case.The girl was raped by a man after he lured her into an abandoned house with chocolate on December 17. However, displaying utter callousness, the police did not register an FIR for three days.\"The family members told me that police did not register an FIR and instead threaten them. They pressurized her family to lodge a case of scuffle and not rape. It is a very serious issue,\" said Singh.\"Lack of women personnel in police stations at Alwar is a concern. Their number should be increased without any delay,\" he said.He instructed the superintendent of police to take stringent action against the police personnel in seven days who refused to lodge an FIR on the victim's complaint. Singh also asked the police to complete their investigation on time so that justice could be given to a girl.He said that what happened to the 23-year-old is a national shame. To curb such unfortunate incidents, Singh claimed that the Union government is taking various steps. \"Impressed with the metropolitan security of London , I during my tenure in home ministry invited a report from there. Based on the suggestions, a detailed strategy was made to make Delhi secure and safe,\" said Singh.\"We planned to install 10,000 cameras in the city. The initiative was started but yet to finish. These things can be replicated in other states too. It is high time that we start implementing it,\" he added.For following an action plan prepared by Delhi Police, Singh will make a formal request to state government for its implementation in the state. Union home minister SushilKumar Shinde has made a 10-point programme which will soon be implemented through out the country, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17742178", "title": "Workforce confidence shaken after horrendous Delhi rape incident, says HR survey", "text": "KOLKATA: The horrendous rape case in Delhi and the national outrage which followed has shaken the confidence of workforce not only in the NCR region but also in other major cities, reveals an ASSOCHAM survey among 2500 men and women.Almost 88% of the women respondents said they have started getting more calls while at work from home-parents or husbands -after the incident. The anxiety is more among the guardians of those women who travel by chartered buses. Those who use the Delhi Metro feel relatively secure as long as they are within the premises of the metro stations. However, the moment they de-board the train, the anxiety levels of their guardians increase as the infrastructure from the stations to the colonies is found lacking.About 74% of those participated in the survey in Gurgaon, Noida, Delhi, Sonepat and Faridabad said they have begun insisting on leaving offices on dot, immediately after duty hours following the atmosphere of insecurity. While the confidence has also been affected even among the office-goers and the workforce in other cities of Bangalore, Hyderbad, Chennai, they felt relatively better off than those staying in the NCR region.To a question whether the police personnel would improve their vigil after the outrage, a vast majority of the survey participants said, there would some knee-jerk reaction and things would return to 'business as usual' after the media attention gets shifted elsewhere.However, most of them felt that it was time the quality of governance improved and the obsession of the Police \"bandobast\" with the VVIPs changed. Expressing shock and grief over the deteriorating law and order problem in the NCR region, ASSOCHAM Secretary General D.S. Rawat said, \"it is not difficult to wire the major and vulnerable parts of the region with CCTVs, which should be properly monitored and action taken. The fear of law must be instilled among those who are prone to commit heinous crime\".Besides, he said accountability must be fixed not among the junior functionaries but among the higher-ups. Those found guilty of incompetence and complacency should be simply sacked. \"The fear of losing job would work,\" he said. A key finding of the ASSOCHAM survey was if the confidence of workforce is shaken, the NCR region would lose its eminent position among even investors. \"After all, human resource is a key ingredient for any industrial activity and their welfare has to be a priority,\" said Rawat.The respondents also wanted company HR departments to devise new ways of ensuring that the staff security is enhanced, especially among those who work on night duties. The public transport has been found lacking forcing the workforce to depend on unauthorized modes of transport like the cab drivers, buses without permits. \"We need to pump in massive investment in the public transport. It is a pity that a project of Airport Metro worth over Rs 10,000 crore has been junked for several months. There has to be a sense of urgency among the operators and the authority to put the project back on the rail,\" the chamber said.Almost half of the capital city at night is not well-lighted while the authorities pass the buck from one to the other. \"A vast majority of women respondents in the survey said they felt really scared when they pass through the ill-lighted streets at night.\" ASSOCHAM is urging its member companies to seriously consider spending part of their Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) budget on improving the street infrastructure, even when the civic authorities are not expected to abdicate their primary responsibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17735852", "title": "Vuda plans multi-level parking", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: To ease traffic congestion, Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (Vuda) is planning to construct a mechanised multi-level parking lot in the city. The urban planning and engineering wings of Vuda have been chalking out technical aspects of the proposal and are expected to finalise the project very soon. The proposal was given the green signal at a board meeting held here recently.The five-storeyed multi-level parking, spread across 3,000 square yards, will be set up at an estimated cost of Rs 11 crore at Ram Nagar. The parking lot, which will be able to accommodate 190 cars, have the top three floors and basement set aside for parking while the remaining two floors will be rented out for commercial establishments.The vehicles would reach the top floors through the two huge lifts located on both sides. In order to get sufficient revenue for maintenance of the structure, Vuda plans to give out space for advertisements in the building, sources said.The number of vehicles in the port city, which were around two lakh in the year 2000, have gone up by over two and half times. The number of two wheelers added onto the road is about 40,000 every year. Currently, there are 4.5 lakh two wheelers in the city and the number of four wheelers are increasing by 6,000 each year and at present, there are 60,000 four wheelers.Traffic DCP Suresh Babu said they have been trying hard to accommodate parking zones for the commuters, but lack of parking space has become a major hurdle. 'The increasing number of autos has been eating into the road space. Presently, around 40,000 autos are plying on the roads of Visakhapatnam. Even autos of the neighbouring districts are also plying on the city roads,\" he said.Earlier, Vuda had tried to develop the parking project at Ram Nagar under the PPP mode but no company pitched in for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17736728", "title": "Patna police to revamp its website", "text": "PATNA: Patna police is all set to revamp its website to provide more citizen-friendly information.\"The focus will be on the senior citizens. Many crimes easily take place as senior citizens stay alone and we want them to know about the precautionary measures,\" Patna SSP Amrit Raj said.According to the plan, some measures will also be mentioned about how to prevent vehicle lifting in city. Patna police will also upload the list of wanted criminals, sketches of suspects, details about district police's initiatives, among other things. \"We will try to keep website updated about the monthly crime details,\" said the SSP. The website will become fully functional soon. It will provide people the platform for registering their grievances online, he said.Raj said, \"The new websitewill help us in bringing down the crime rate in the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "valsad", "code": "17737476", "title": "Harbhajan Singh raises voice in support of Delhi rape victim", "text": "VALSAD: Disgusted with what happened with the Delhi rape victim, former Indian spinner Harbhajan Singh has raised his voice against. Harbhajan is in Valsad, leading Punjab in their Ranji Trophy match against Gujarat. \"We are one country, one family. I am ready to stand up and fight against those who treat women like this,\" the 32-year-old offie said. Supporting NGO Sports Mission End Slavery, Bhajji demanded the harshest punishment for the Delhi rapists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17742651", "title": "AIADMK workers take pledge to secure all LS seats", "text": "CHENNAI: With AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa eyeing for a bigger role in national politics, Tamil Nadu ministers and AIADMK workers vowed to secure all the 40 Lok Sabha seats in its next polls.\"We take a pledge to secure all 40 Lok Sabha seats in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry to give the power to the party chief to decide the future of India\", they said after paying homage to AIADMK founder M G Ramachandran , popularly known as MGR, on his 25th death anniversary on Monday.Finance minister O Panneerselvam, considered a close confidante of Jayalalithaa, read out the the pledge at the MGR memorial in Marina which was recently renovated.Jayalalithaa and her ministerial and party colleagues paid floral tributes to the late leader.With the DMK launching an attack on the Jayalalithaa government on the power crisis, the AIADMK workers said they would go before the people on the \"inefficiency\" of the previous DMK regime which had resulted in the severe shortage of power and the efforts taken by Jayalalithaa to tide over the crisis.The 18-point pledge also elaborated on the measures taken by the AIADMK regime since coming to power in May last year and the problems faced by it, on account of Cauvery water crisis, Mullaperiyar Dam row among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17737161", "title": "5 Hyderabad pupils to attend National Children's Science Congress", "text": "HYDERABAD: Five class IX students from the city have been selected to attend the National Children's Science Congress to be held later this month in Varanasi.The students, who are from St Ann's High School, Vijayanagar Colony, completed a project and research on recycling and reusing plastic using the methods of segregation of waste.Jahnavi Sagiraju, the team leader for the project said, \"We visited several plastic manufacturers and studied how they use plastic and rubber to produce diesel and also recycle the material. But when we visited the Pollution Control Board here, officials told us that due to financial crisis, the same cannot be done with large quantities of waste generated in the city daily.\"The five students are among 30 other from 23 other districts in the state who have been selected to represent Andhra Pradesh and present their projects at the national event which is organised by the National Council for Science and Technology Communication, department of science and technology, government of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17738210", "title": "Soon, a 'GPS' helpline for women in distress", "text": "JAIPUR: With instances of crime against women refusing to abate, two engineering students have created a helpline number for women that automatically traces the incident site (from where call was made) through geographic information system (GIS) and global positioning system (GPS).This system looks at reducing the emergency response period (ERP), allowing the police control room to transmit the location of the incident/accident to the nearest police team.The duo felt the need for such a helpline after analyzing that most cases of crime could have been averted if the police reached on time.The city doesn't have a 24x7 dedicated helpline for women, and even dialing 100 is no foolproof method as the system is not connected to any tracking device and police depend on the victim to give them a location clue. The bright minds behind the initiative, Yatendra Bhargava and Shraddha Vyas, are third year students of computer science. Both studied several cases to conclude that the biggest challenge for the police and other law enforcement agencies was to track the location of the victim.The helpline designed by them has a portal which on receiving a call or a missed call automatically tracks the location of the caller and then transmits the information to the control room which searches for the nearest police station or PCR van.The duo has given a demonstration of the helpline and sought time from the police department before entering into a tie up with them. The helpline number is yet to be finalized depending on its feasibility, to be judged by state government.In light of the recent rape cases, the duo is programming the software to link the number with emergency ambulance service that can provide urgent medical attention to the victim.The number has a software application with a number of modules that interact with each other to operate as an integrated system while at the same time these modules can also operate independently: receiving the voice call or just a missed call, communication module, GIS module and automatic victim location Module. The project has received widespread appreciation at several forums.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17738582", "title": "Odisha misses its date with Buddhist train", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha's date with Mahapari Nirvan Express (Buddhist train) has been postponed courtesy poor booking. The train was scheduled to chug into Jajpur railway station on Sunday.The tourism department and Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC), a subsidiary of Railways, have postponed the train's first visit to Odisha till January 20. \"We are hopeful of selling the tour packages quickly and meet the deadline,\" state tourism secretary Ashok Tripathy told TOI. The inter-state special train covers most parts of Bihar , Uttar Pradesh and Delhi, connecting several Buddhist sites in Bodhgaya, Nalanda, Rajgir, Sarnath, Gorakhpur, Khushinagar, Gonda, Sravasti and Agra.As per the information uploaded on the official website of the department, the proposed January 20 itinerary (seven nights, eight days package) includes sightseeing of Buddhist sites like Lalitgiri, Ratnagiri and Udayagiri near Jajpur on the third day (December 23). Though Dhauli and Konark were earlier included in the December 20 package, these places would not be covered in January, sources said.\"We are developing marketing strategies for Buddhist circuits in Odisha. It will take some time to attract tourists, mostly foreigners,\" said S Goel, group general manager (tourism) of IRCTC. Sources said the IRCTC would promote its packages through 'familiarization tourism'. \"Under the familiarization tourism, we will invite reputed tour operators and travel writers to promote the Buddhist circuits covered by the train,\" Goel informed.Significantly, chief minister Naveen Patnaik had urged the Railways to extend the train till Odisha to tap the Buddhist tourism potential of the state.Besides, plans are afoot for an international Buddhist conclave near the Lalitgiri-Ratnagiri-Udayagiri circuit in February to woo Buddhist visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17736483", "title": "Bangalore businessman buys book, finds Tagore letter", "text": "BANGALORE: Nestled in the heart of Bangalore lies a rare piece of history that dates back to the time of the country's legendary cultural icon Rabindranath Tagore.A 1931 hand-written letter by the Nobel laureate hangs within a booklovers' alcove, Blossom, on Church Street. Written on a Visva-Bharati University letterhead, an institute founded by Tagore in 1921, the letter addressed to no one in particular begins with the lines \"... It is hard for me to say in a few faltering words how I feel when voices greet me from my own country and across the seas...\"The letter goes on to narrate Tagore's deep appreciation for something he received or was bestowed with as he ends his letter saying, \".... the best reward of my life\". The letter is dated December 17, 1931, incidentally the year Tagore celebrated his 70th birthday. Considering the letter was written 17 years after he won the Nobel Prize for literature, could his words \"best reward of my life...\" have something to do with a birthday gift?\"In 1931, for Tagore's 70th birthday, great minds like Albert Einstein and others wrote about Tagore, which was compiled and published in 'Golden Book',\" says Mayi Gowda, owner of Blossom Book House. Gowda accidentally chanced upon this letter in a rare copy of the Golden Book two years ago.Only 1,500 copies of the Golden Book were published, and Gowda is among the lucky few to get their hands on it and paid Rs 5,000 for it at an old bookstore in South Mumbai.\"Honestly, neither the bookstore nor I knew about the letter inside. After buying the book I found it hidden inside,\" recollects Gowda, who has authenticated the letter. While the Visva-Bharati University has not contacted Gowda about the letter, Tagore followers have approached him with offers to buy the letter. \"I won't sell it,\" says Gowda.Gowda was able to throw some light on why and how the letter could have found its way into a copy of the Golden Book. \"Tagore could have written this letter, while presenting the book to one his friends,\" feels Gowda.Whatever may be the case, the actual reason for the letter being in that particular book, for now, remains a mystery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17737472", "title": "Schools closed due to coldwave", "text": "LUCKNOW: District magistrate Anurag Yadav has ordered closure of all schools -- government, private or missionary -- up to class eighth due to coldwave.Schools will reopen after January 5. He has also issued directions to reschedule school timings for classes 9-12. The district inspector of school and basic shiksha adhikari have been told to ensure that no school opens before 10 am and works after 4pm. After DM's order, City Montessori School (CMS) and Seth MR Jaipuria School said the schools will be closed for classes I-VIII while classes IX-XII will be held from 10am till 3pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741926", "title": "The year that was and the year that will be!", "text": "COLORS has completed one more glorious year of making television viewing a family phenomenon. Year 2012 shall be a year to recall...if not for all, at least for COLORS. 2013 journey for COLORS was no less than arollercoaster ride. Below are the details on what happened on COLORS in 2012.Ring Ka King - Wrestling Ka Mahayuddh. It was one of its kinds wrestling reality show produced by Endemol and backed by TNA. It combined the excitement of sports with the drama of television. The show showcased 30 international level wrestlers fighting it out with apne desh ke pehelwan to win the coveted title of 'Ring ka King'. Harbhajan Singh was the official goodwill ambassador of this new 'sports entertainment' show. The first season of 26 episodes concluded Chhote Miyan Season 3- Laughter Fight Karein Aapko light.This children's comic talent hunt show, Chhote Miyan smacked the television screens with its innocent dose of comedy on 25 February 2012. The judges were Bollywood actress, Mahima Chaudhary and talented TV and film actor Sachin Pilgoankar. The show sparked an interest in the viewers as it brought out a different, innocent side of kids today. In its third season, the show surely left everyone wanting for the next one.All is Well with Dr. Ahluwalia With All is Well, COLORS marked the launch of its first ever wellness show in April 2012. Taking the viewers through this 1 hour format show, that tracked health issues, current diseases, inspiring stories of ordinary people fighting various ailments, was Dr. Sonu Ahluwalia, an Orthopedic Surgeon based out of USA. A student of Harvard University (Boston), his clientele includes celebrities like Hrithik Roshan , Shakira , Sunny Deol , Matthew Perry , James Gandolfini, Teri HAtcher, Stevie Nicks to name a few. The show was aired on Sundays at 12 noon.Leaving all the previous seasons behind this season of Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa took the show to a brand new level. To start with the contestants, viewers witnessed the addition of a commoner with the other celebrities dancing his heart out.Launched on June 16,2012, this four month long journey marked various memorable moments in the history of Indian television, one of them was Sri Devi and Madhuri together after almost a decade. It's little wonder that the opening episode of this season garnered the maximum ratings than all its previous seasons. The show ended with Gurmeet Chaudhary being crowned the winner along with partner SurkshetraThis Singing reality show, Sur-Kshetra simulcasted on three channels, Colors, Sahara One and Pakistan's Geo TV. The show featured 10 singers each from India and Pakistan. The participants were mentored by singers Himesh Reshammiya and Atif Aslam. The jury on the show comprised of industry veterans Asha Bhosle , Abida Parveen and Runa Laila. The show went on air in the month of September and as this spectacular year comes to A 3 part series that captured Yuvraj Singh's journey and victory over cancer. It was not just a show but a way oflife an inspiration to one and all who have lost hope. The money raised through sponsorships was donated by COLORS to Yuvi's foundation \"You We Can\" that works towards cancer awareness. The series was a way of creating awareness about cancer as it captured Yuvraj's journey from his treatment to his participation in the T 20.This season of India's Got Talent traversed across the length and the breadth of the country to dig out talent from the deep burrows of India's heartland, in search of India's next pride. Raising the temperature this season, the judges for the show were Malaika Arora Khan who replaced Sonali Bendre as the judge. To add on to the charm and entertainment, she was joined by none other than the King of entertainment-Karan Johar. Veteran actor, Kirron Kher returned as the judge for the fourth time on the show. After the audition episodes, Malaika Arora Khan was replaced by Farah Khan as the judge. The talent showcased some awe-inspiring acts ultimately the winners were Kolkata-based Bhavish Kids who wowed the judges with their dedication. The show was aired every Saturday and Sunday at 10 pm. Shaitaan - A Criminal Mind Shaitaan is a weekend show, which replaced India's Got Talent Season 4 and is scheduled to air every Saturday and Sunday at 10:00 pm on Colors. The show attempts to decipher what actually goes in the minds of criminals. It is a new perspective at a crime where in the anchor, Sharad Kelkar tries to narrate the story while delving in to the minds of the criminal. Vodafone presents Bigg Boss Season 6The biggest reality show of the nation, Bigg Boss Season 6, lived up to its theme of Alag Che by each passing episode. This season's Bigg Boss started with signing Salman Khan back as the host. There was nothing that was left untouched to be experienced by this season's contestants. A new padosi, mud house house, a flash mob, relatives entering the house, mall shopping - this season had it all! Now, as the show reaches its finale in a few weeks, the viewers are sure to stay hooked on till the end!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17737311", "title": "8-year-old girl crushed to death by speeding car", "text": "COIMBATORE: An eight-year-old girl was crushed to death by a speeding car after it dashed against her at Selvapuram in the city on Sunday. Police arrested the car driver.The deceased was identified as S Archana Soumya of Ashok Nagar. She was studying in class 2 IN Sri Sowdeswari Vidyalaya Matriculation School at Selvapuram.Traffic Investigation Wing (TIW) of the city police said Santhoshkumar, 37, father of the deceased, owned a gold polishing unit at Selvapuram. His wife Rajeswari, 32, a homemaker, was on way to her parent's house by walk along with her daughter Archana and one year-old son Mithun on Sunday.When she reached near her parent's house at Abirami Nagar, a speeding car dashed against Archana who went under the wheels of the car.She was dragged to 50-feet by the car and her head was crushed under the wheels. She died on the spot. Rajeswari and her son Mithun also sustained injuries. The car driver D Kannan, 29 of Ashok Nagar stopped the car and surrendered before the TIW police.The police rushed to the spot and sent the girl's body to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for postmortem. Rajeswari and her son are being treated at a private hospital.TIW police have registered a case and arrested Kannan.Coimbatore: An eight-year-old girl was crushed to death when a speeding car dashed against her and she came to under the wheel of the car at Selvapuram in the city on Sunday. Police arrested the car driver.The deceased was identified as S Archana Soumya of Ashok Nagar at Chetty Street in the city. The girl was studying second standard at Sri Sowdeswari Vidyalaya matriculation school at Selvapuram.Traffic Investigation Wing (TIW) of city police said, Santhoshkumar, 37, who is father of the deceased, owned a gold polishing unit at Selvapuram. His wife Rajeswari, 32, a home maker, was on the way to her parent's house by walk along with her daughter Archana and one year-old boy Mithun on Sunday.When she reached near her parent's house at Abirami Nagar, a speeding car dashed against Archana who went under the wheels of the car. She was dragged to 50 feet by the car and her head was crushed under the wheels. She died on the spot. Rajeswari and her son Mithun also sustained injuries. The car driver D Kannan, 29 of Ashok Nagar had stopped the car and surrendered before the TIW police.The police rushed to the spot and sent the girl's dead body to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for postmortem. Rajeswari and her son have been getting treatment from a private hospital in the city.TIW police registered a case and arrested the driver Kannan. The detailed investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17738116", "title": "Sex racket busted in Hyderabad star hotel", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths raided a star hotel in Banjara Hills and busted a prostitution racket on Saturday night. A sex worker from Mumbai was rescued and the organiser of the racket was arrested.Acting on a specific alert, a Task Force team raided Taj Banjara Hotel on Road No.1, Banjara Hills, and rescued a 23-year-old model from Mumbai. The girl was lured into flesh trade by brothel organisers Janardhan alias Johnny and Narasimha Murthy from Rajahmundry.Police managed to apprehend Narasimha Murthy from the hotel but failed to trap Janardhan, who was operating the racket with the help of the former.According to Task Force sleuths, Janardhan brought the model three days ago from Mumbai promising her good money every week. He then booked a room at Taj Banjara and put the victim there.As per Janardhan's instructions, his associate Narasimha Murthy started procuring customers by charging Rs 15,000 from each. Narasimha has been handed over to Banjara Hills police. The victim was shifted to a government rescue home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17736114", "title": "Three rape accused say no to TIP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two of the three Delhi bus gang rape accused produced before a trial court on Sunday again sought death penalty for committing a heinous crime.Accused Pawan Gupta and Vinay were sent to 14-day judicial custody by metropolitan magistrate Pawan Kumar along with Ram Singh, the bus driver, after police submitted their custodial interrogation was not required at this time.The three accused again refused to undergo the test identification parade before the male friend of 'Nirbhaya' as TOI has symbolically named the victim. During the proceedings, Pawan and Vinay said they had committed a heinous crime. \"Hum dono TIP nahi karwana chahte kyonki hum logon ne bahut ganda kam kiya hai. Isliye hamein phansi par latka do,\" the accused told the magistrate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17737632", "title": "Hawaiian Islands have 1.5m years to live", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Hawaiian Islands in the North Pacific are dissolving from within and at some point in the future they might fall off the map completely, geologists have claimed.Researchers discovered that the mountains found on Oahu (Koolau and Waianae), Hawaii's third largest island, are being eroded from within by groundwater. Thus, they are quite likely to shrink as the years go by, and ultimately turn into plains.However, erosion isn't the biggest culprit. Instead, scientists say, the mountains of Oahu are actually dissolving from within. \"We tried to figure out how fast the island is going away and what the influence of climate is on that rate,\" said Brigham Young University geologist Steve Nelson. \"More material is dissolving from those islands than what is being carried off through erosion,\" he said.The research pitted groundwater against stream water to see which removed more mineral material.Forecasting the island's future also needs to account for plate tectonics. As Oahu is pushed northwest, the island actually rises in elevation at a slow but steady rate. This is a case of a mountain that climbs, researchers said. According to the researchers' estimates, the net effect is that Oahu will continue to grow for as long as 1.5 million years. Beyond that, the force of groundwater will eventually triumph and the island will begin its descent to a lowlying topography.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "tamluk", "code": "17736320", "title": "Three of family found dead", "text": "Tamluk: A 50-year-old LIC agent was found hanging from the ceiling of his house in Ward No. 14 of Tamluk Municpality, while his wife and eight-year-old son lay in a pool of blood on the floor on Sunday. The bodies have been sent for autopsy and a case of unnatural death registered. Police suspect the man first killed his wife and son and then committed suicide.Bhanulal Moni was earlier posted at Bankura and later transferred to Tamluk after being diagnosed with diabetes. He suspected his wife Sanghamitra, 25, of having an affair with a local while he was away in Bankura. This led to marital discord. On Sunday, when repeated knocks elicited no response, locals informed police. TNNBhanulal Moni, a 50 year old resident of ward number 14 of Tamluk municipality and his wife Sanghamitra Moni (25) and their eight year old Soumyadeep was found dead in their house on Sunday. Bhanulal was found hanging from the celing while his wife and son was found lying on the floor on a pool of blood. The bodies have been sent for post mortem. The police have initiated a case of unnatural death.Police said that Bhanulal was an LIC agent and was earlier posted at Bankura. He was transfered to Tamluk after he developed high blood sugar. While in Bankura he used to come home once a week. However, he started suspecting his wife to have developed an illicit relation with a local and there was marital rift on the issue.Bhanulal got married to Sanghamitra after his first wife had died from illness several years ago. His son from his first marriage lives at his maternal uncle's house.On Sunday morning, locals suspected something wrong after the doors and windows of Bhanulal's house was found closed for a long time and there was no response from inside when called. The matter was informed to the police as officers came and broke open the door only to find Bhanulal hanging from the ceiling and his wife and son lying dead on the floor with head injuries. Prima facie police said that Bhanulal killed his wife and son by hitting on their head with a blunt weapon and then committed suicide. A probe has started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17741049", "title": "Police raid residences of Karnataka's deputy CM", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka police on Monday raided the residences of deputy chief minister KS Eshwarappa here and in his home town Shimoga in search of evidence in a corruption case.Eshwarappa is also president of the Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) state unit.The raid by police attached to the Lokayukta (ombudsman) followed a directive by the Lokayukta court in Shimoga, 280 km north of Bangalore, to probe the charge that Eshwarappa had amassed properties through corrupt means.A police spokesperson told reporters in Bangalore that raids were being conducted to go through documents related to properties owned by Eshwarappa and members of his family.Police have registered an FIR (First Information Report, marking the formal launch of the police probe) against Eshwarappa, his son KE Kantesh and daughter-in-law Shalini on a complaint by Shimoga advocate B Vinod.The complaint alleged that Eshwarappa had acquired huge properties in Shimoga through corrupt means.The BJP chief, who is touring the north Karnataka town of Koppal, about 400 km from here, told reporters there that he welcomed the raids as \"the truth would come out\".Fearing arrest following the FIR, Eshwarappa and his family members have sought anticipatory bail from a Shimoga court. Hearing of the plea would resume on December 27.Eshwarappa has rejected Congress demands for resignation as deputy chief minister to ensure a \"fair\" probe.He is the latest BJP leader in Karnataka to face corruption cases.Around 20 of the party's 118 members, including several ministers in the 225-member assembly, are fighting corruption cases in Bangalore courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17736563", "title": "'Consumers can seek review of old power bills'", "text": "KOCHI: Electricity consumers have the right to demand reassessment of previous bills if the meter is found to be faulty, the Kerala high court has ruled.The order by justice C K Abdul Rehim came while considering a petition filed by N J James of Kappumthala in Kottayam district.The meter installed at James's industrial unit that manufactures centrifugal latex used for making products like surgical gloves, mattresses, balloons and condoms was found faulty during the month of May this year.The Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) replaced the meter following a complaint filed by James. Based on the direction of Kaduthuruthy electrical section assistant engineer, the faulty meter was tested at the transformer and meter testing and repairing unit of the KSEB at Kottayam. Test confirmed that the meter was faulty and the errors were beyond permissible limits.Following this, James submitted an application to the assistant engineer to rectify the monthly bills issued against the readings given by the faulty meter. According to James, the meter was overrunning and was recording excess consumption than the actual usage.When the KSEB failed to take a decision on his application, James approached the high court. Advocate Julian Xavier who appeared for James argued that previous bills are liable to be reassessed on the basis of Regulation 37 of KSEB Terms and Conditions of Supply, 2005.According to Regulation 37, consumers have the right to seek a review of bills. If it is established in the review that KSEB has overcharged the consumer, the excess amount should be repaid within two months with interest at twice the bank rate.If a consumer is dissatisfied with the review decision, he can further approach consumer grievance redressal forum of the KSEB, and then the State Electricity Ombudsman if required.When the case came up for hearing, the court ruled in favour of James and held: \"I am of the opinion that interest of justice will be served if a direction is issued to the assistant engineer to consider the petitioner's application for reassessing previous bills and to take an appropriate decision, after affording an opportunity of personal hearing to the petitioner. KSEB should conduct the review at the earliest, at any rate, within one month.\"Incidentally, the Kerala state regulatory commission has imposed a 25% power cut for all industrial units, currently excluded from load-shedding and 20% for units which have load-shedding.Additionally, the commission has also ordered to levy Rs15 a unit from domestic consumers who exceeded the 300-unit monthly limit set for them. The order came into effect on December 15.High-tension and extra high-tension consumers, exceeding the contracted demand, have been ordered to pay a three-fold fine against the earlier two-fold rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17738166", "title": "Punjab MLAs show concern at film, video shootings in colleges", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Shooting of films and videos on college and university campuses, which has become quite common these days, has now come under the scanner of Punjab government with legislators raising a voice against the trend in the state assembly. Even as politicians call for a check on it, educationists rolling out the red carpet to producers of films and songs have defended the trend.Private universities in Punjab came under a severe attack by legislators in the recently held winter session of the state assembly for charging exorbitant fee, besides their poor standards of education and miserable campus placement records. \"The campuses have fancy buildings, built by fleecing students, which are then let out to producers for the purpose of shootings. Why should this be allowed,\" asked Pawan Tinnu, legislator from Jallandhar, who raised the point in the assembly and sought for a check on the trend.There have been numerous instances in the past couple of years where college campuses were used for shooting a movie or a song sequence. The campus of Aryan Group of Colleges was recently used for shooting of Punjabi movie 'Rangley Punjab Dian Ghaint Jattian', Jaspal Bhatti's 'Power Cut' and many other videos and songs. Punjabi movie 'Burrah' was shot in Punjabi University campus besides Government College for Education and Chitkara University campus.Aman Mittal, deputy director, Lovely Professional University, Jalandhar, where shooting of Punjabi movie 'Yaar Unmulle' was done, said, \" We ensure that academics are not disturbed and the shooting is not at the cost of studies. Also, the idea is to promote Punjabi movies. Bollywood movies have been shot on campuses in Delhi and Mumbai for ages and this should be looked in the same perspective here as well.\"Defending the shooting of movies on campuses, Anshu Kataria, chairman of Aryan Group of Colleges, said, \"This is definitely a healthy trend and politicians should not politicize this. Students get to witness the event live, get a chance to play a small roles in movies or feature in songs.\"Panjab University in Chandigarh, a hot choice because of its well maintained campus, had recently made it tougher to shoot in the campus by bringing out a policy on this. While most of the private universities are not just giving their space for free but are also facilitating shooting on their own expense, PU is charging Rs 25,000 per day for shooting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17738072", "title": "'Attacks against women needs speedy investigation'", "text": "PUNE: The gravity of attacks against women such as physical assaults or murders does not come to the fore because these crimes are registered under a gender neutral head. The need for a separate classification of such attacks is needed and their speedy investigation is a must, said city-based lawyers.A separate classification by the police of attacks against women would make a difference, says lawyer Sureshchandra Bhosale. He said that the number of such attacks may be negligible. However, they still should be registered under a separate head. \"Most cases of attacks against women are because of lust or unrequitted love,\" he said.In 2009, he said, there was an amendment in the criminal procedure code that cases against women should be handled by women police officers and women public prosecutors. The cases, he said, should be decided by judges who are women. The government itself should issue directives to the police to separately register the incidents of attacks against women which should be decided in the courts within six months. This will also act as a deterrent for attacks against women, he added.Rama Sarode, lawyer and socio-legal analyst, said there is law which says that incidents of attacks against women should be registered separately. \"Just as the nature of crimes are changing with passing of time, there is a need to make changes in the laws. Police need to be sensitized about handling of cases against women. Many victims fear the (police) system. There is a feeling that the police are trained only for handling cases involving hardcore criminals. The police should either be trained for dealing with cases of women victims, or have a system whereby there is a panel of cousellors, and friendly lawyers to help the victims,\" she said.Lawyer Shrikant Shivade said that no one is looking at the root cause of crime against women. \"In today's world, children and youth are exposed to pornography. Every crime should be severely condemned. We need a transparent system whereby good and educated police officers get recruited. We need a system of proper investigation,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740982", "title": "Shia LaBeouf 'confirms' relationship with Mia", "text": "Shia LaBeouf ended weeks of speculation over his relationship status with 'Nyphomaniac' co-star Mia Goth, after they were spotted embracing while enjoying a day out in Los Angeles on Saturday.Clearly at ease with each other, Goth sat back and relaxed in LaBeouf's arms, the Daily Mail reported.The couple reportedly started romancing on the London set of director Lars Von Trier's latest film 'Nymphomaniac.'Although the 26-year-old actor was in a relationship with stylist Karolyn Pho when he first signed on to the movie, reports of the couple's split started circulating in November.Goth and LaBeouf would have certainly become very intimate, as they share real life sex scenes in the controversial film, which follows a self-diagnosed nymphomaniac describing her erotic experiences to the man, who saved her after a violent assault.According to the National Enquirer, a source close to the actor said that LaBeouf believes Goth is \"a female version of him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17736232", "title": "Seven metro stations shut till further notice", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day before Delhi Metro celebrates 10 years of operations, a large chunk of its regular users will have to switch to other modes of public travel. In the wake of the protests, entry and exit will remain closed at seven central Metro stations from Monday onwards until further notice.As per DMRC sources, all stations that lead to central Delhi including Pragati Maidan, Mandi House, Khan Market, Central Secretariat, Patel Chowk, Udyog Bhavan and Race Course will remain closed from Monday till further notice. Interchange, however, will be allowed at Central Secretariat. \"The stations will remain closed till DMRC gets further orders from the Delhi Police,\" said a DMRC official. Eight stations were shut on Sunday.However, Barakhamba Road station, which was closed on Sunday, will remain open on Monday. Also, the most crucial junction Rajiv Chowk will remain functional. Therefore, for those commuting between Noida, Gurgaon, Dwarka, Vishwavidyala, Jehangirpuri, Dilshad Garden and Rohini should not face much inconvenience.But with police barricading most roads around India Gate and Rajpath, reaching to government offices like Sena Bhawan, Nirman Bhavan, Sanchar Bhavan and Udyog Bhavan would be a difficult task. This might result in a low turnout at government offices on Monday.This, however, is not for the first time that Delhi Police has sought closure of Metro stations as central stations were closed on several occasions during the Anna Hazare protests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17736683", "title": "'Phenomenon' tops tongue-twisters' list", "text": "LONDON: 'Phenomenon' is the word most people find hardest to pronounce, followed closely by 'remuneration', to a new UK poll shows.A list of top 10 tongue-twisters also voted 'remuneration' and 'statistics' as the second and third most difficult words to pronounce respectively, the Daily Mail reported.Speakers also have a problem getting their tongue around 'ethnicity', 'hereditary' and 'particularly', according to British Institute of Verbatim Reporters (BIVR), the body that records public utterances.The poll was in response to a query by the makers of word game 'Scrabble' who say one in 10 players are reluctant to use words they can't pronounce. The list includes 'conjugal, 'specific', 'processes' and 'development'.\"We work with different professionals and hear all kinds of voices during our work,\" Leah Willersdorf, of BIVR, said. \"However, when it comes to English it always seems to be the same few words that verbally trip people up, with the speaker having to repeat the word to get it right, or abandoning their attempts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17736918", "title": "'Swaranandwan' to raise funds for Anandwan lepers", "text": "Nashik: Swaranandwan, the cultural group that raises funds for lepers, visual, hearing and speech impaired and physically challenged adivasis of Anandwan (Chandrapur), will perform on January 7 at Dadasaheb Gaikwad Hall, Bhabha Nagar from 6pm to 9.30 pm.Baba Amte had served for the lepers and needy, physically disabled adivasis at Anandwan. His son, Dr Vikas Amte had initiated the formation of 'Swaranandwan' for raising funds for Anandwan. More than 100 lepers, physically and mentally challenged, blind artistes perform musical and dance performances.\"The funds raised from this programme will be used for the needy. I assure you that the funds will go to the right people,\" said Kaustubh Amte, while briefing the media about the programme and its purpose.He said that the remuneration for their work should be given quarterly by the government but that does not happen.\"The remuneration comes very late. The initial funds have to be raised by us. But the government does not give us the entire amount. If we spend Rs 100, the government gives us only Rs 80. So, we have to raise funds through such programmes and donations,\" he said.Sports psychologist, Bhishmaraj Bam said, \"Baba Amte realised that leprosy is very dreadful and lepers need to live with self-respect. The group generates funds for their fellow lepers, the needy and for education. I appeal to all the people of Nashik to be present for the programme on January 7,\" he said.\"It is very difficult to bring such people on one platform and make them perform. The third generation of the Amte family is doing this now. Actually the government should be aiding the lepers.\"Vanadhipati Vinayak Patil said that Baba Amte gave best service to the worst kind of disease and that his successors were taking forward his legacy.\"The government is definitely lacks in providing the lepers with the services they need but it is not possible for the government to reach everywhere, so we should also help them,\" he said.Former mayor Prakash Mate while applauding the work of the Amtes appealed to Nashikites to be present for the programme and help raise funds. He appealed for donations.Baba Amte had served the lepers and needy, physically disabled adivasis at Anandwan. His son, Vikas Amte, had initiated the formation of 'Swaranandwan' for raising funds for Anandwan. More than 100 lepers, physically and mentally challenged, blind artistes perform here. The funds raised are used for the needy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17735775", "title": "Exams on in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Monday will be the day of exams for lakhs of students across the city and its outskirts. While the Gujarat University will hold its BA, Bcom, and BSc first semester exams; master's students will take the first and third semester exams in arts, commerce, and science. Outside Ahmedabad and within the city, there will be 140 centers for the exams. Officials said that many of the exams were scheduled to be held before the elections, but were postponed because of poll duties. The administrative staff of the university was embroiled in a tiff with the teachers' fraternity over the distribution of hall tickets.The education department will distribute marksheets of eleventh standard semester board exams which were held in November. Nearly 1.17 lakh studnets had attempted these semester exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740444", "title": "Bollywood needs to learn from Kollywood: Amitabh", "text": "Amitabh Bachchan was the chief guest at the 10th Chennai International Film Festival (CIFF), which began on December 13, ended Thursday. A total of 154 films from over 50 countries were screened at the festival.\"Bollywood may be bigger in size and popular, but it still needs to learn from the Tamil film industry. I've shot for a few films in Tamil Nadu, and built strong camaraderie with the industry, and in turn have understood how disciplined they are and the affection with which they treated me,\" Amitabh said at the closing ceremony of the CIFF.\"This is something Bollywood needs to learn from. The Indian film industry may be the largest in the world but a major proportion of it consists of the southern film industry. The Tamil film industry is the pivotal part in the south and one can't ignore it come what may,\" added Amitabh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17736433", "title": "Hostel inmates thrash third year Mahatma Gandhi Medical College student", "text": "INDORE: A verbal duel between a day scholar studying in third year in Mahatma Gandhi Medical College (MGM College) and hostel inmates of the same institute resulted in a brawl on Sunday. The day scholar, Vivek Chauhan, was reportedly severely beaten up by the hostel inmates.According to sources, a group of hostel inmates had reportedly called up Chauhan for discussing the issues related to the college annual function scheduled from January 2. However, the issue could not be resolved and it took an ugly turn when a group of hostel inmates armed with hockey sticks, baseball bat and rods, attacked Chauhan and beat him up. He was found lying outside the hostel premises and was taken to Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital for medical treatment.A complaint has been lodged with the Sanyogitaganj police station. \"The incident is related to funds that are sanctioned by the college administration to organise the annual function. Day scholars and hostel inmates want their dominance on various committees of the function. Chauhan was called to sort out internal issues, but it failed,\" said a source. Chauhan was in charge of security and discipline committee of last year annual function. \"On Saturday, the hostel inmates had come to threaten me. I was called on Sunday morning to hostel to thrash out the issue, but it failed and I was beaten up. I received severe injury and a hair-line fracture in left leg,\" said Chauhan.Dr Sumit Shukla and Dr Ramsharan Raikwar recorded the statements of both the parties and submitted them before the dean of the college. Disciplinary committee of the college will hold a meeting on Monday to decide the future course of action.Dr Rahul Rokde, public relations officer, MGM College, said, \"It is related to domination over annual function. It has nothing to do with the faculties.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17742193", "title": "I miss a relationship between a journalist and a star: Kareena", "text": "Actress Kareena Kapoor says she misses the kind of relationship a celebrity and a journalist once used to share.\"My regret is that today there is no relationship left between a journalist and a star because there are 25 channels, there are 25 tabloids, there are 25 magazines. Every star is on the cover of a magazine, that's no big deal. But I miss a relationship,\" the 33-year-old said at the launch of author Richa Lakhera's book \"Garbage Beat\".Kareena said earlier interviews were more like conversations where you got to know the person better.\"I have had relationship with two-three big journalists, who are now writers of my own movies and we would chat over an interview and the interview would not happen and you would just like chatting, chatting and chatting. So he would get to know the kind of person I am and he would write that,\" she said.Kareena plays a reporter in her next \" Satyagraha\" and says she is impressed with the aggression of real journalists.\"I think I am going to take inspiration from all of you (reporters). The aggression, the drive and the energy that all of you have like 'I need to get this answer and will do anything for it', you know, backstage, front stage, parties, premieres,\" Kareena said.\"It's a tough job that you all do and sometimes we are a little harsh. But I am going to take a little of your grit but not the questions,\" she added.Directed by Prakash Jha, \"Satyagraha\" also features Arjun Rampal , Amitabh Bachchan , Ajay Devgn and Manoj Bajpayee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17738027", "title": "Chances of drizzle around Xmas: Met dept", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Christmas night could be the coldest of the season so far but it still wouldn't be as chilly as last time when past eight years' record was broken. Met department has predicted that the temperature will continue to plummet after this and there could be showers or at least a drizzle on December 28 and 29.According to the forecast report by meteorological department for the next five days, maximum temperature is predicted to go up to 21 degrees C whereas minimum temperature won't fall below 5.4 degrees C. Density of fog has not been predicted yet, as it completely depends on swinging temperatures. The Christmas Eve has been forecast to have lowest temperature of 7 degrees C next week.Last week brought tremendous climatic changes in the city. The maximum temperature calculated last week reportedly was 25 degrees C on December 19 whereas minimum reached 5.4 degrees C on Saturday.The meteorological department has not only indicated the presence of fog in coming two to three days, but also warned the people to escape from dense foggy weather mainly in the neighbouring states of Punjab and Haryana.\"There is clear prediction of fog in coming two to three days and chilly weather will continue for at least five days. There are mild chances of cloud or drizzling on and after December 28, but before that people will have to be alert to save themselves form cold,\" said Surinder Pal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17736961", "title": "Shevre murder case: Accused claims victim harassed sister", "text": "Nashik: Laxman Popat Gare, who was arrested on Saturday in connection to the murder of Deepak Shevre, alleged that the latter used to harass his sister following which he killed him, said senior police inspector of the Sarkarwada police station, Suresh Sapkale.On Thursday at around 8 pm, Gare (28), resident of Krantinagar, Untawadi Road, killed Shevre (21) of the same area, with a sharp weapon. The mother of the deceased, Parvatabai Shevre, said in her complaint that the accused wanted money from Gare, and when Gare refused, he slit his throat killing him instantly.Ever since, the accused was absconding. However, on Saturday the crime branch police picked up the accused from a small hamlet in Peth tehsil, where he had taken shelter at a relative's place.The crime branch police produced him before a city court, which remanded him in police custody until December 27. Sapkale informed that the weapon used in the crime was also recovered some 400 metres away from the incident in front of the Forest Office on Untawadi Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17736455", "title": "'Why were people silent in my case?'", "text": "KOLKATA: Almost a year back, she was gang-raped in a moving car before being thrown out of it in the heart of a city that used to be considered the safest for women in the country. The 38-year-old was taunted by policemen and half the city disbelieved her, including the chief minister, who had dismissed the incident as 'sajano ghatana' (fabricated story). The city, which has joined the country-wide protests in support of the Delhi gang rape victim, had chosen to remain silent then. It has been a lone fight for the Park Street rape victim, with the support of only a handful of friends, family members and the media, she shared with TOI on Sunday.\"Why didn't the civil society raise its voice when I was raped? Was it just because my body parts were left intact by the rapists? I thank the section of the media that stood by me in my demand for justice,\" said the Park Street victim.\"At the same time, I am the happiest person in the world that the public is crying for justice for the Delhi gang rape victim. But why did people wait for such a brutal rape to wake up? My heart goes out to the 23-year-old girl. I pray that her rapists are given the most severe punishment immediately,\" she added.The Park Street incident happened in the early hours of February 6 this year. The mother of two had visited a well-known nightclub where she had befriended some youths. When they had offered to drop her home, she had willingly accepted. But the horror started soon after as she was driven around the city while several of the men raped her at gunpoint. She was thrown out of the running car near Exide crossing.\"Instead of the criminals, it was me who had to stand trial regarding my character. Is it a sin for a single mother to go to a club? Most people still believe that a girl is raped when she invites trouble. Look at the Delhi case. Had the girl been dumped without much physical injury, I am sure people would have been asking what she was doing out on the road at night,\" she said.When she had mustered the courage to approach the Park Street police, they had taunted her. It was only after the media highlighted her ordeal that senior police officers stepped in. \"People are still insensitive. Even as protests and candle-light vigils against the Delhi case are still on, some youths taunted me when I was returning from the church on Sunday. The mindset is still the same,\" she said.The Park Street victim slammed the Rs 30,000 compensation package announced by the Mamata Banerjee government for rape victims. \"It is like a slap on the face of a rape victim. Though the government hasn't approached me yet, if they do, I will ask the government to keep the amount. More than the compensation, I need the government to take me seriously and expedite my case. It is going to be a year soon and my case has been put in the backburner. The prime accused is still on the run. It frustrates and angers me,\" she said.\"It is not that no one denounced the Park Street rape,\" said Shampa Sengupta of an organization that took out a protest rally for the Delhi victim. \"But the damage was done once the government dismissed it as a concocted story. It may have sent out a negative message that prevented people from coming out in the open to support the victim,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17737001", "title": "Online birth, death certificates soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Come January 1, 2013, data of over eight lakh births and deaths registered between 2000 and 2005 will be available online along with digital signatures. Citizens can obtain birth/death certificates at Mee Seva centres or Citizen Service Centres by paying a nominal fee.Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has recently completed validation of birth and death registrations of five years between 2000 and 2005. With eight lakh records put online with digital signatures, nearly 22 lakh registrations would be posted for the convenience of citizens.Though records are available with corporation from 1957 onwards, as of now birth and deaths reported from 2006 have been put online after validation. The corporation has taken up the exercise of validation of entire birth and death data last year in a phased manner. Another 35 lakh births and deaths registered between 1999 and 1957 would be checked in the later phases.Officials said validation of data was being taken up for disposal of certificates in a speedy manner as there was a great demand for birth and death certificates, especially from people settled abroad for immigration and green card purposes. Every year over two lakh birth and deaths are registered with the corporation. The validated certificates can be obtained at Mee Seva centres or Citizen Service Centres immediately unless there are any problems like spelling corrections or change in the records or non-availability of certificates.\"GHMC wants to post details of all 80 lakh birth and death registrations online for the benefit of citizens and also bring in transparency. While validation of 40 lakh registrations has been completed, the remaining would be completed by the end of next year, apart from new registrations which are being taken up simultaneously,\" GHMC additional commissioner (health and sanitation) L Vandan Kumar told TOI.For validation of computerised birth and death records, GHMC has engaged a private agency to assist the health wing officials. The agency staff verify database available with the corporation with that of original files and documents like whether there are any mistakes in names, spaces, initials, dates and year. If there are any changes, GHMC would certify the modifications. \"The exercise is only to cross-check the available data, but not for new entries,\" an official of GHMC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17736828", "title": "SDM yet to begin probe in Barcem death case", "text": "MARGAO: Quepem sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) and deputy collector Sandhya Kamat who is conducting the inquiry into the death of Divya Velip, 26, from Barcem, and her two daughters aged five and two, will initiate the probe once she receives the postmortem report. The inquest by the SDM is necessitated by law as the death of the woman occurred within seven years of her marriage.Speaking to TOI, Kamat said that the statements of the Sandhya's family members, especially her mother, will be crucial in the investigations. \"The family members from her maternal home are in a state of shock and therefore not in a position to depose now. It's very unusual for a mother to commit suicide along with her small children, and there should be some compelling reason that made her take the drastic step. It is learnt that she was not visiting her maternal home often, and only her mother may be in a position to reveal what was troubling her daughter. We will wait for her to come out of the shock so that she is in a better frame of mind to give her statement,\" Kamat said.Sources told TOI that the probe is unlikely to be completed anytime soon, as the SDM will have to await the report of the forensic tests done on the viscera of the deceased, which may take an indefinite time to arrive from Hyderabad.The bodies of Divya and her two daughters were found floating in a well near their house on Friday morning. The post mortem report, police sources said, has attributed the cause of death as drowning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741194", "title": "Budding dreams of the Indian girl child depicted at this art show", "text": "Mumbai based artist Prakash Deshmukh will display his recent works at the Hirji Jehangir Art Gallery, from 26th Dec. 2012 to 1st Jan. 2013 between 11am to 7pm. It will highlight the budding dreams and sentimental mindscapes of young innocent and sensitive girls in the relevant perspective of visual arts.Being a keen lover of nature and its beauty as well as the marvels of nature, Prakash Deshmukh had his art education at Raheja School of Arts Mumbai followed by an advanced course in arts in Abhinava Kala Mahavidyalaya, Pune. He displayed his work earlier in several solo and group exhibitions in Mumbai, Pune, Calcutta, New Delhi, Singapore, Chennai &amp; Jaipur etc.The present series of \"Budding Dreams\" narrates his unique visual language through artistic expressions of human feelings and emotions prevalent in the impressionist mind of a young girl in the apt arenas. It illustrates the typical expressions of dream fantasy and innocent aspirations in the sensitive mind of a young girl who is optimistic with a positive outlook and attitude towards life. The main idea is to exude the Indian bewildering body language through gestures like company astride a horse, signing a song or playing an instrument etc. The various emotions displayed by the artist in his colourful and innovative work include innocence, joy, happiness, anxiety, anticipation waiting dream fantasy of hope and the ensuing exhilaration. He strives to demonstrate her subdued emotions through effective strokes and brush work as well as innovative like work through tonal rhythm of colours. Soft and tender colours and their typical texture symbolize the relevant state of her mind and the hidden treasures of apt lyrical rhythm of her sentimental extravaganza in the relevant perspectives of visual arts.His deftly demure, self engrossed females display an imaginary world of their own through dreamy outlook which are in unison with nature and surrounded by foliate motifs in vibrant colour shades being an artistic extension of her idyllic sentimental mindscape in the proper arenas.They are calm and lyrical as well as rhythmic and tonally harmonious in their own way and hence are exhilarating and visually pleasant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17737398", "title": "Chorus for justice gets louder on Lucknow roads", "text": "LUCKNOW: The call for justice for the Delhi gang-rape victim got louder in the city with students from 16 colleges signing a memorandum seeking death penalty for the perpetrators of the crime. They want a similar fate for those who rape a minor. Besides this, they say that it was high time the fast track courts were set up so that victim women could be saved from the trauma of unnecessary long struggle.Of the many signature campaigns organized in the city, the one initiated by Anshu Kedia, a faculty member at AP Sen Degree college, turned into peaceful demonstrations and protest march over the weekend. Talking to TOI, she said, \"Everyone is calling for justice. But many of them do not actually know about what they mean with justice. Our signature campaign has just tried to channelize their anger and energy.\" While on Saturday, different schools and colleges came in different groups, on Sunday, they all gathered without any formal planning.They all took out a peaceful march from IT College gate to the IT square. Holding banners and placards, they stressed on the need for a safe environment for women. Ashrita Singh, one of the students who mobilized other students for the cause was seen calling people on the street to join her. \"If you do not join today, it could be your sister tomorrow,\" she said. Her powerful words actually compelled many to at least stop for a while and think. Neel Verma, a college student, who has been actively participating in demonstrations over the last one week said, \"if women want their voice to be heard, they will have to shun the comfort of their homes and come out. I believe in this and therefore I am here.\"The GPO Park continued to witness public outcry. One of the groups managed to pass the security caludron and reach chief minister akhilesh yadav's residence on Kalidas marg. They staged a demonstration demanding to meet CM Akhilesh Yadav. The protesters said the government must ensure security of women and the speedy trial of pending rape cases in the state. When the administrative officials attempted to pacify the protesters, they had an altercation with them after which police forcibly evicted the road. A group of women also staged a protest outside the Raj Bhawan.Though small in number, groups continued to gather at the place and raise their voice for giving a safer society to women. Holding red placards, a group of men said that they had come to show that they were against males who breach the realms of humanity and dignity. \"Giving a safe society to women is in the larger interest of humanity and we men will also benefit from stringent laws. Though there may be the risk of misuse of law but then, considering the advantages of a stronger law the risk is also welcome,\" said Abhishek Sharma, a lawyer.Even the PAC constables and home guards personnel who have been deployed to manage the public, are in full support of the movement. Some of them offered suggestions as well. \"The agitating students are stressing on effective implementation of available law to check crimes against women. But who is there to implement the law. There is an acute shortage of people in the police force. They should also demand filling of vacant posts and creating new posts to improve general law and order situation,\" said a constable, preferring anonymity.A teacher said that the government machinery must take these demonstrations seriously. \"The students are participating on their own. No one has directed them or lured them for anything. What they wrote on placards and banners came straight from their heart,\" said Maulindu Mishra, a teacher at Lucknow Christain Degree College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17736847", "title": "Kanya Vidya Dhan: Applicants create ruckus", "text": "KANPUR: Alleging irregularities in the distribution plan of Kanya Vidya Dhan scheme, a number of girls from the city created a ruckus at BNSD Shiksha Niketan ground where the chief guest was distributing cheques under the scheme on Sunday.It is important to mention here that nearly 2700 girls who recently passed intermediate examinations were scheduled to get 'Kanya Vidya Dhan' by the state minister Bhagwat Sharan Gangwar on the day.The District Inspector of Schools (DIoS) had announced the list of girls eligible for the dole on Saturday evening. Several girls who found their named missing reached the cheque distribution venue on Sunday to register their protest.Forty five minutes into the programme, as the girls given the cheques sported smiles on their faces, those whose names were missing from the beneficiaries' list barged into the venue raising slogans and demanded a meeting with the minister. When the minister did not respond, they flung around the chairs kept for visitors in the BNSD ground.They also tried to reach the stage but were stopped by women home-guards present there. Accompanied by their family members and leaders of UP unemployment associations, the girls then gheraoed cabinet minister Shiv Kumar Beria, who was present on the occasion.Later, Gangwar met the agitated girls and promised them that he would talk to the chief minister to release more funds for the scheme.He also assured the girls an inquiry into their allegation that their forms were canceled because they did not grease the palms of the DIoS authorities.Meanwhile, DIoS Komal Yadav said the target of the scheme was to give Kanya Vidya Dhan to around 3221 girls but only 2700 were selected.Elaborating the reason for the same, the Yadav said that the majority of forms were found to be fake while many others were incomplete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "17738693", "title": "Final-year engg students clash at BIT Sindri hostel", "text": "SINDRI: The PG students of BIT Sindri left their hostel out of fear early on Sunday after a group of final-year BTech students raided their hostel and beat them up in inebriated condition the previous night. Although Sindri police have lodged a case of unlawful strain and assault against the unidentified final-year students, none has been arrested.According to sources, about six BTech final-year students entered the PG hostel in inebriated condition around 11.30pm on Saturday and started abusing the boarders allegedly without any provocation.The boarders caught the students and informed the hostel superintendent, general warden and institute director about the incident over the phone.By the time, the superintendent and the warden reached the hostel, the final-year students fled and informed their batch mates that the PG students were beating them.Soon, nearly 70 final-year students entered the PG hostel forcibly and assaulted the boarders. The hostel mess was vandalized and window glass panes of many rooms were damaged by the lathi-wielding final-year students.They broke open room (No. 24) and damaged the furniture and other belongings of the room. Pankaj Kumar, a student of MTech (electrical engineering), suffered head injury after being hit by a blunt substance. Rampreet Manjhi, another PG student, suffered a fracture in the leg.Although superintendent D K Tanti and general warden G Kumar were at the spot, no one was ready to listen to them.Officer in charge of Gaushala outpost of Sindri police station took the injured PG students to Chasnala public health centre treatment from where they were referred to Dhanbad.When contacted institute director S K Singh said the PG and undergraduate students were at loggerheads for quite a few days and clashed on Saturday after their exams were over.He, however, expressed concern over increasing use of liquor by students and said all incidents taking place in the institute were under the influence of liquor.\"Easy availability of liquor around the institute campus has made the situation all the more worse,\" he said adding suitable action would be taken against erring students after receiving the report from the hostel superintendent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17737601", "title": "College teachers threaten to boycott HSC exam work", "text": "PUNE: Junior college teachers in the state have threatened to boycott administrative works related to higher secondary certificate (HSC) examination. Saying that the government has not fulfilled their demands, the Maharashtra state federation of junior college teachers has given a deadline of January 21 to the government.There are around 55,000 junior college teachers in the state. Out of which, 20,000, including 12,000 women, are working on permanent non-grant basis. The federation has demanded that the institutions they are working for should be provided with 100% grant immediately. They should also be included in the Sixth Pay Commission benefits and given the status of permanent employees.The association has decided to stage protests at every tehsil office in the state on December 27. On January 21, the teachers will protest outside the regional education directorate. \"If the demands still remain unfulfilled, we will intensify our protest to the level of boycotting administration and assessment work related to HSC exams,\" said Anil Deshmukh, vice-president of the federation.The teachers are also agitating for a revision in their pay structure. A three-tier pay scale was implemented for these teachers in 2000. However, they are demanding that the scale be implemented with retrospective effect from January 1996.\"For school teachers and other government servants, it was implemented in 1996. We want the same benefit, so that we get increments. We are not asking for arrears,\" Deshmukh said. Besides this, the teachers want their 42 leaves to be restored from 1999, when they were deducted since teachers went on a strike to implement the Sixth Pay Commission recommendations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17738267", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar's ODI record", "text": "Sachin Tendulkar will never again be seen on the field in the blue Indian jersey. After a 23-year-long career, he announced his retirement from 50-over game.Matches  Innings  NO  Runs  HS  Average  100  50  0   Overall  463  452  41  18426  200*  44.83  49  96  20  In subcontinent  288  281  26  12067  200*  47.32  38  59  11  Home  164  160  15  6976  200*  48.11  20  38  5  Away  147  146  10  5065  163*  37.24  12  24  8  Neutral  152  146  16  6385  152  49.11  17  34  7  Winning cause  234  231  34  11157  200*  56.63  33  59  8  Losing cause  200  200  2  6585  175  33.25  14  35  11  No Result  24  16  5  518  105*  47.09  1  2  1  Tied games  5  5  -  166  120  33.20  1  -  -* The longest ODI career: 22 years 91 days* Most Man of the Match awards: 62 (including 56 in a winning cause)* Most Player of the Series awards: 15* Holds the record for amassing most runs in a winning cause 11157 (average 56.63), including 33 centuries, in 234 matches* Also has the highest average in a winning cause 56.63 which is the highest among the batsmen with 7000 runs or more in a winning cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17738009", "title": "Murder accused MLA may skip Virbhadra's oath ceremony", "text": "SHIMLA: A murder case suspect, the Congress candidate who won the assembly election from Doon, Ram Kumar Chaudhary, is likely to skip the oath-taking ceremony of Virbhadra Singh on Tuesday. With Haryana police conducting raids to arrest the legislator, Chaudhary had given the Congress CLP meeting on Saturday a miss.A resident of Haripur Sandholi in Baddi tehsil of Solan district, Chaudhary polled 15,520 votes in his maiden assembly election contest from Doon constituency. Following the issuance of arrest warrant against him on December 21, a police team from Panchkula had camped in Shimla on Saturday, hoping to arrest him when he came to attend the CLP meeting.Chaudhary is one of the four suspects in the murder of a 24-year-old woman Jyoti from Hoshiarpur, whose body was found in Sector 21 of Panchkula on November 22. On Thursday, the Punjab and Haryana high court had directed the police to expedite the probe after which police team raided several places in Himachal but failed to nab the MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17736186", "title": "Rajgarh woman, who committed suicide, was raped", "text": "BHOPAL: A suicide note was recovered from the body of Kaushalya Bai, a day after she ended life on Saturday. In the suicide note, she reportedly said she was raped and was being blackmailed.Two persons - who were named in the suicide note-- were arrested on Sunday on charges of rape and abetting to suicide.The 30-year-old woman in Limboda village of Rajgarh district, about 150km from here, had consumed poison after being allegedly harassed - by one Ramswaroop, son of a former sarpanch and his friend Radheyshyam.On November 25, she had lodged a complaint with the Khujner police station that when she was sweeping the courtyard of her house, Radheyshyam tried to outrage her modesty. FIR under sections 354 (attempt at outraging modesty) and 506 (intimidation) was registered against the accused and he was arrested on November 27. Thereafter, he was granted bail on November 29. On Sunday, the family of deceased claimed that she was raped and but they did not mention it to save family from getting a bad name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "17737520", "title": "Class XII girl breaks silence on rape", "text": "BHARUCH: The nationwide outrage against the brutal gang rape in New Delhi has encouraged a class XII girl in Bharuch to finally come out in the open about how she was raped by her own school van driver nine months ago.The girl, hailing from a middle-class family in Maktampura area of the town, lodged a complaint with C-division police station in the town. The driver, Kirit Mistry, had allegedly raped her in March in the van while returning from tuition class.\"We arrested Mistry immediately after she lodged the complaint on December 21. Since the crime was committed nine months ago, we have launched a detailed probe into it,\" said police inspector of C-division police station J I Vasava.Sources said that the girl apparently got courage to disclose the crime to her parents seeing the angry protests on news channels. She broke down and told her parents how Mistry took her to an isolated spot and raped her in the van.Mistry also allegedly threatened to kill her if she revealed anything to her parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17738133", "title": "Shimla to miss Christmas qawali for second year in a row", "text": "SHIMLA: Even as the dry weather in the hills, going by prediction of the metereological department, would continue to elude visitors of White Christmas this year also, the hill town will also not be serenaded by the sufi tones of Christmas qawali for a second year in a row.Christmas qawali renditions, a reinvented and redefined form of ancient sufi songs, sung in praise of Jesus Christ, which have been part of Christmas celebrations for more than a decade at the historic Christ Church and Young Men Christian Association (YMCA) campus and has been the main attraction for locals as well visitors here around this time of the year, will not held this year also, informed priest incharge of the Christ Church, Rev Mushtaq A Malk.\"We are not in a position to invite professional singers from outside due to some reasons. But other Christmas celebrations will be held as usual and programmes are being organized since December 15, including Christmas Tree celebrations for children, door to door carol service. The Holy Communion service will be held grandiosely on December 25 as usual,\" Malk said.According to YMCA sources, devotional English hymns and carols are a legacy of the British, but the concept of Christmas qawali is a native version and is an indigenous and redefined form of sufi devotional music, sung in different languages, including Hindi, Urdu and Punjabi. It had been a regular feature for the Christ Church on the Ridge and YMCA to invite professional Qawali singers from Amritsar, Batala, Ludhiana and other areas of Punjab, besides Delhi, to participate in this annual event. This was being held regularly since past 12-13 years by YMCA in association with different church associations including the Church of North India, Seventh Day Adventist Church and Catholic Church.Earlier, the event was confined to YMCA campus, but witnessed better footfalls and had become a point of attraction for visitors as well as locals since it is being held at Christ Church.\"Apart from being the centre of reverence for mainline community, the historic Christ Church is a landmark in the city and stand testimonial to the history of Shimla, besides being an architectural splendour. It is visited by people from all faiths, especially during Christmas and the Qawali is considered to be the icing on the cake,\" said a member of the Church, Sunita Kumari.\"The Christmas Qawali is an exceptional event in Shimla and is different from the customary carols and hymns. The devotional Qawalis are sung by artists from different places and we will miss this distinctive feature this year also\", lamented a local, Arvind Masih.As per Church historians, it is credited to be the second oldest church in North India and was consecrated in 1857, built of stone and brick in lime mortar by Col J T Boileau. Sporting neo-Gothic elements, this was the first proper church in Shimla. Decorated with fine stained glass paintings and memorial plaques, the church still maintains pews designated for the viceroy, commander-in-chief and the governor of Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "peter jackson's \"the hobbit", "code": "17741220", "title": "The Hobbit remains No. 1 at weekend box office", "text": "Peter Jackson's \"The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey\" earned 36.7 million dollars to remain No. 1 at the box office for the second-straight weekend.The Warner Bros. release raised its domestic total to 149.9 million dollars after 10 days and added 91 million dollars overseas to bring its international total to 284 million dollars and its worldwide haul to 434 million dollars, the New York Post reported.Tom Cruise's action thriller \"Jack Reacher\" took the second-place with a modest 15.6 million dollars debut, according to studio estimates Sunday.Judd Apatow's marital comedy \"This Is 40,\" a Universal Pictures film featuring Paul Rudd and Leslie Mann opened at No. 3 with 12 million dollars.Paramount's road-trip romp \"The Guilt Trip,\" featuring \"Knocked Up\" star Seth Rogen and Barbra Streisand, debuted weakly at No. 6 with 5.4 million dollars over the weekend and 7.4 million dollars since it opened Wednesday.Playing in narrower release, Paramount's acrobatic fantasy \"Cirque du Soleil: Worlds Away\" debuted at No. 11 with 2.1 million dollars.A 3-D version of Disney's 2001 animated blockbuster \"Monsters, Inc.\" came at No. 7 earning 5 million dollars over the weekend and 6.5 million dollars since opening Wednesday.Top movies at the weekend box office, according to Hollywood.com:1. \"The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey ,\" 36.7 million dollars (91 million dollars international)2. \" Jack Reacher ,\" 15.6 million dollars (2.5 million dollars international)3. \"This Is 40,\" 12 million dollars4. \"Rise of the Guardians,\" 5.9 million dollars (13.7 million dollars international)5. \"Lincoln,\" 5.6 million dollars6. \"The Guilt Trip,\" 5.4 million dollars7. \"Monsters, Inc.\" in 3-D, 5 million dollars8. \"Skyfall,\" 4.7 million dollars (9 million dollars international),9. \"Life of Pi,\" 3.8 million dollars (23.2 million dollars international)10. \"The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2,\" 2.6 million dollars (6.6 million dollars international).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17736913", "title": "Cold wave continues in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Intense cold wave continued in the city on Sunday. The minimum temperature was 4.2 degrees Celsius, around four degrees below normal. There was a marginal rise in the temperature which stood at 3.5 degrees Celsius on Saturday.Meteorologists of Chandra Shekhar University of Agriculture and Technology pointed out that the prevailing weather conditions are not normal and the people need to be extra cautious. The minimum and maximum temperatures are drastically below normal, which is around 22 degrees Celsius (maximum) and 8.7 degrees (minimum).The visibility on Sunday also dropped. While the visibility was 600 metres on Saturday, it dropped to 300 metres on Sunday. The visibility was not even 100 metres till 10 am. The dense fog persisted.CSA meteolologist CB Singh told TOI that the cold wave conditions are declared when minimum temperature drops 5 degrees below normal. However, it is something that's witnessed for a few days every year in the city.\"Cold wave conditions are witnessed every year in the cities of central plain zone including Kanpur, Lucknow and Agra. In certain years the conditions occur more than once. Cold wave conditions were seen last year as well. This year, cold conditions arrived a bit early,\" he added.The easterlies winds are persisting and there may be no respite from the cold wave in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17737640", "title": "Developers urge govt to cut ready-reckoner rates", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry (MCHI) and Confederation of Real Estate Developers Associations of India (Credai) have appealed to the state government to reduce ready-reckoner (RR) rates so that the stamp duty on real estate deals - which is based on these rates - comes down.MCHI-CREDAI president Paras Gundecha has said in a statement that every year, the government revises the RR rates on January 1 and the stamp duty goes up with every upward revision of RR rates. He has appealed to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to ensure that the home buyers are not unduly burdened with a fresh increase in stamp duty.He said that the chief minister, during a meeting earlier in the year, had promised developers that the government would give top priority to ensure affordable and mass housing. Any hike in duty would dampen buyer sentiment, Gundecha said.\"As it is, RR rates are high and not commensurate with the real market scenario,\" he said. The real estate market sentiment overall is not very encouraging with the cost of inputs - from funding to materials and labour - increasing by the day. It is, therefore, imperative for the government to create a congenial atmosphere to encourage home seekers to buy and developers to carry out their business,\" he said.In a separate statement, Credai said the credit policy of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) was \"arbitrary and anti-growth\", as it had kept interest rates on loans at a high level.\"It is sad and unfortunate to see the RBI taking such a stubborn stand, despite economic realities of the day,\" said Credai national president Lalit Kumar Jain. \"We wonder if the RBI policy of causing a liquidity crunch leading to short supply and resultant price rise is good for the economy or increasing liquidity and pushing supply to bring prices under control is better.\"\"We at Credai have been pleading for funds being made available to developers as well as home buyers at affordable and reasonable rates of interest, but somehow the RBI does not seem to realise the need for encouraging the real estate sector,\" Jain added.He recalled that the finance ministry has been asking commercial banks to lend money to developers to help complete projects that are at a standstill for want of funds.\"This is a positive signal, but we are saddened by the RBI's unchanged attitude,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17740030", "title": "What will fuel Indian IT industry's growth in 2013", "text": "NEW DELHI: Flat IT budgets and uncertain macro environment may continue to challenge the Indian IT-BPO industry, but as technology becomes more central to everyday lives of consumers and corporate alike, 2013 promises to be a good year for the $100 billion sector.Post the 2008 global financial crisis, the Indian IT industry, which saw phenomenal growth in the preceding five years on back of a over 25 per cent growth in exports that made companies like Infosys, TCS, and Wipro poster boys for investors, seems to have lost its sheen.Factors like weakening rupee, high production input prices, hike in borrowing costs, and geo-political situation continued to plague the industry in 2012.These along with domestic policy paralysis prompted software services industry body Nasscom to lower growth forecast for 2012-13 for IT-BPO exports to 11-14 per cent from previous fiscal's target of 16-18 per cent growth.IT companies seem to be ready for this new \"normal\" and are now embracing technologies like social media, cloud, analytics and mobility (SCAM) to optimise and ensure efficiency in business environment, all within flat or lower than usual IT budgets.While the global macroeconomic scenario remains uncertain in the coming years, the industry will continue to exhibit resilience and adaptability in continually reinventing itself to retain its appeal to clients, Nasscom said.\"The year 2012 has been a landmark year for the Indian IT industry... At such a large base, we expect the industry to clock double digit growth in FY 2013 which exhibits that despite global uncertainties, IT-BPM industry has moved from efficiency to effectiveness,\" it added in an emailed response.Year 2012 was a mixed one for the top five IT services firms. While Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), HCL Technologies and Cognizant saw good growth, Infosys and Wipro lagged peers.TCS and HCL Technologies have registered quarterly revenue growth 13 per cent and 17 per cent in dollar terms, while both Infosys and Wipro registered under 5 per cent growth.Also, Infosys slashed its revenue growth outlook to five per cent for FY2012-13 and suspended its practice of giving quarterly guidance, while Wipro hived off its non-IT businesses like Consumer Care &amp; Lighting into a new company to focus exclusively on IT.Cognizant continued to give strong competition to its counterparts, pushing Infosys to the third spot in the top Indian IT services players tally with growth of over 20 per cent.Though it is not listed in India, Cognizant is often referred to as an Indian entity with three-fourth of its over 1.50 lakh employees being based here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17738724", "title": "Security beefed up at Indian School of Mines after threat MMS", "text": "DHANBAD: Security at the Indian School of Mines University here was strengthened on Saturday following a threat MMS received by the security officer of the ISM. Col M K Singh, registrar of the ISM said, \"Security officer Rahul Kumar received an MMS which threatened to blow up the ISM building. The sender of the message, who has not been identified so far, claimed five bombs have been planted at different places in the ISM building and they would be detonated soon. Sender of the SMS also demanded Rs 50 crore from the ISM management.\" The message was forwarded to Dhanbad police which has started investigating the case. Extra policemen have been deployed on the campus which has its independent security agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741351", "title": "Rajeev Khandelwal open to interesting roles on TV", "text": "Rajeev Khandelwal rose to fame with his roles in TV shows \"Kahiin Toh Hoga\" and \"Left Right Left\", but gave up the medium to try his luck in films. The actor says he is open to coming back on the small screen if he gets something interesting to do.\"If something really interesting comes up and it suits my journey , then I will take it up. But it has to be very interesting,\" Rajeev told IANS.Rajeev forayed into television with TV show \"Kahiin Toh Hoga\" as Sujal and rose to instant fame. He remained on top of the popularity charts with his second show \"Left Right Left\" and later shifted to the big screen.However, the actor feels that television stars work harder than anyone else.\"They (TV actors) are far more capable than everyone else. They work round the year, everyday, without letting the audience get bored with them. Also it is just a myth that teevisionactors Hon't ge roles *n films I feel they woUk very hard at what they do,\" he said.Rajeev has been part of films like \"Aamir\" and \"Shaitan\" and has also hosted two seasons of reality show \"Sach Ka Saamna\". The actor says he doesn't look at the medium and just enjoys his work.\"I enjoy the project. For me, the medium doesn't matter. I don't think that there has been any project, which I haven't enjoyed thoroughly,\" said Rajeev.It was this passion for his work which led him to the film industry as well and Rajeev will now be seen in the new film \"Table No. 21\", releasing Jan 4.\"I didn't do films thinking there is a lot of glamour associated with the film industry. I love doing what I do,\" he said.Asked about his future plans, Rajeev said: \"There are a few things, but I don't want to talk about it. Sometimes they don't shape up and people who follow my body of work often get disappointed. So right now its just 'Table No. 21',\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17736210", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Protesters, bystanders head to hospital with minor injuries", "text": "NEW DELHI: Officially, almost everyone who was taken to Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital on Sunday suffered from only minor injuries. However, people who were permitted inside the emergency room, including some of the injured themselves, reported that extent of actual injuries ranged from burnt limbs, head injuries, fractures to hearing loss and in one case, a serious eye injury.Medical superintendent T S Sidhu said 80 people had come to the hospital for treatment. Only two had to be admitted, one of whom was a constable with a heart attack.An ambulance streamed into the hospital every five minutes in the evening as injured people from Jantar Mantar and India Gate poured into the hospital. Many of those who were brought were students, civil activist and a few bystanders.Media personnel, too, sustained injuries as they were caught in the melee between police and protesters. A female journalist, reporting from the sidelines, injured both legs after a teargas shell exploded on her foot. She received 16 stitches in her right leg while the left one sustained burn injuries. Others were caught in the lathicharge while some were hit on the head when protesters started pelting stones.Vinayak Thalvi, who runs a social enterprise, was standing at India Gate when he got caught in the police lathicharge. As he started running, he lost both his shoes. The little finger of his right hand was split by about 3 cm.Raghav, a 25-year-old advocate, sustained head injuries while trying to protect his woman friend during the lathicharge. \"We were protesting peacefully. There was a Rapid Action Force contingent behind us. The boys formed a chain around the girls in the group. Suddenly a group of policemen charged at us. The RAF told them we had been sitting peacefully but the second wave of policemen who came behind them attacked us. They did not care that there were women in the group,\" said Raghav's friend Reesham, the 20-year-old he was trying to protect. Raghav was discharged from hospital after getting stitches.Noted theatre person Arvind Gaur also landed up in hospital with back injuries. Sujata Pradeep, who was clicking pictures when the lathicharge started, reported that several people sustained head injuries. She and her husband had taken one injured to the hospital in their car. \"One person even lost consciousness in front of us. There were some miscreants who provoked the police but they managed to run away and several others were instead assaulted by the police,\" she said.Baba Ramdev, escorted by a contingent of Delhi Police, reached the hospital around 6.25 pm and met those who were being treated there. He reported that several people with serious injuries were being treated which also included a child of 4-5 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17742104", "title": "'Arjun' concentrates on the bigger crimes: Shaleen", "text": "Shaleen Malhotra has established his niche on the small screen as the super cop Arjun in the show - Har Yug Me Aaega Ek Arjun. The show's actress Sana Khan, who quit the show sometime back, had become a boys' domain. But with Shital Shah's entry in the show as Ayesha, the show now has a leading lady to add a different angle to the storyline.When quizzed Shaleen whether a girl character is important to run a show successfully, he says, \"It is not about a boy or a girl. Any character can successfully run a show as long as the storyline is good. But for my show I can say that to show a different angle other than the crimes, a woman character was needed.\"With a number of crime based shows on different Hindi GECs, is the crime genre the new popular thing on TV? Shaleen replies, \"The crime rate is rising in our country. As far as other shows are concerned, they take a single case that has happened and show it. But in Arjun , we see the larger picture. We take the bigger issues like human trafficking, drug abuse and not concentrate on singular cases while making an episode.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17737541", "title": "Sachin's retirement from ODIs a realistic decision: Prasanna", "text": "BANGALORE: Former ace off-spinner Erapalli Prasanna said Sachin Tendulkar's retirement from ODIs was a \"realistic\" decision as it brought relief to the national selectors over selecting him for one-day games.Profile:  Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar | In Pics:  Sachin's one-day journey\"Sachin's retirement from ODIs is a realistic decision as it has relieved the selectors from facing embarrassment of picking or dropping him from one-day games. If he was dropped, many would have questioned the selectors and included many would have questioned his capabilities,\" he told reporters.\"Sachin would have been a liability if he had failed and obviously he is a super cricketer, an icon but a human being whose reflexes are not the same as it was twenty years before,\" Prasanna said.Prasanna said Sachin has retired from ODIs possibly to focus on Test matches because he has not done well in the recent past and is determined to perform before he quits the longer version of the game. \"He knows people forget one-day and T20 matches. A player is recognised as good with reference to five-day game,\" he said.Prasanna said Sachin could manage to maintain himself at such high level for a very long time speaks volumes of the God's gift to him. \"We may talk about Don Bradman, XYZ and what not, but they did not play as much cricket as this boy has played,\" he said.Former India wicketkeeper Syed Kirmani said Sachin should have retired from the ODI after India lifted the World Cup, but certainly not amidst severe criticism.\"The timing of Sachin's retirement was inappropriate. He should have retired following India's world Cup triumph. If he would have retired then, everybody would have lauded especially when he was at his peak,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17738091", "title": "Mangalore University announces scholarship to promote pure science", "text": "Mangalore: Study of basic or pure sciences is all set to receive a big fillip in Mangalore University. This thrust comes at a time when Indian Science Congress Association is all set to host the centenary session of Indian Science Congress at University of Calcutta, Kolkata from January3-7, 2013 under the theme - Science for shaping the future of India. President Pranab Mukherjee and PM Manmohan Singh are scheduled to take part in the event. Four hundred student toppers in basic sciences and mathematics courses at the under-graduate level will receive an annual scholarship of Rs 5,000 in the three years of the course. If these students go on to pursue their post-graduation and PhDs in the basic sciences subjects - physics, chemistry, mathematics and biology - they will continue to receive the scholarship . The university is all set to make a budgetary provision for the special scholarship when its finance committee sits down to prepare the university's budget shortly, after which it will be presented to the Syndicate for approval. After that it will be placed before the academic council for ratification, said vice-chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy. \"This is aimed at encouraging students to take up studies of basic sciences subjects in the first place,\" he said. In fact, students have to thank Srinivas Ramanujam, mathematics wizard whose 125th birth anniversary celebration held at University College on Saturday that inspired the VC to make the announcement. While VC said the scholarship will be given to 100 students at the anniversary celebration, chairing the third general meeting of the academic council later during the day, he increased the limit of students who will get the scholarship to 400. VC also directed finance officer PM Pakirappa to include the scholarship amount in the budgetary estimates at the academic council meet. VC later TOI that the financial outgo on account of the scholarship will be Rs 20 lakh per annum. \"If this succeeds in bringing back students to basic sciences from UG level onwards, it will be an investment worth it,\" he said recalling India's prowess in basic sciences in the earlier part of the 20th century.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17742258", "title": "Bantwal records highest temperature in Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Bantwal hobli in Bantwal taluk in Dakshina Kannada district recorded highest maximum temperature of 37.1\u00c2\u00b0C on December 23 at 3pm. Lowest minimum temperature of 9.9\u00c2\u00b0C was recorded in Nittur hobli in Bhalki taluk in Bidar district on December 24 at 5am. Kottakota h obli in B agepalli t aluk of C hikkaballapura d istrict recorded m aximum r ainfall of 1 mm in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Monday, Bangalore based KSNDMC stated.Maximum relative humidity of 99.9% is recorded in Madikeri hobli of Madikeri taluk of Kodagu district on December 24 during 5.30am to 8.30am on December 24. Minimum relative humidity of 22.4% is recorded in Chamarajanagara hobli in Chamarajanagara taluk of Chamarajanagara district on December 23 at 2.15pm. Mainly d ry weather prevailed over the s tate in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Monday . Rainfall was negligible in 3 0 d istricts and North-East monsoon too was w eak in 3 0 d istricts. V ery l ight r ain was recorded in six D istricts and in remaining 2 4 d istricts.Karnataka for the period October 1 to December 24 recorded deficit rainfall of 23%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 188 mm in south-interior, north-interior, malady and coastal parts, state recorded rainfall of 146 mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on December 24, the four geographical regions received 0 mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 0.3 mm, a deficit of 100%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "karur", "code": "17737470", "title": "Two from Kerala held for murder", "text": "KARUR: Karur police arrested two persons of Thrissur in Kerala for murdering a watchman in a bus coach building factory in Karur and stealing a bus from there, in K G Chavadi in Coimbatore. The police investigation with the accused revealed that they committed the crime as they wanted to take back their bus without paying the balance amount for building a coach for the bus.T Sanoj, 28, the owner of the bus, and Sreejith, 27, the bus driver, from Kunamuchu in Thrissur district in Kerala, murdered 65-year-old Chinnasamy on Friday night and stole a bus from a bus coach building factory in Karur. The accused were arrested and the bus was seized by Karur police on Saturday evening in KG Chavady in Coimbatore. Later, they were brought to Karur and interrogated.Vengamedu police inspector C Mukesh Jayakumar told TOI, \"During the inquiry with the accused, we found that Sanoj, the owner of a 2004 model bus, entered into an agreement with the bus coach building factory in Karur one-and-a-half years back to build a coach for the bus. According to the agreement, Sanoj had to pay Rs 4.25 lakh. However, he managed to pay only Rs 2.5 lakh so far. In the past one-and-a-half years, the cost of coach building also escalated. So, Sanoj could not pay the balance amount to the coach building factory. So, he decided to take away the bus without paying the rest of the amount. As the watchman did not allow them to take the bus, the duo murdered the watchman by strangulating him.\"The accused were produced in Judicial Magistrate Court I on Sunday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17736377", "title": "Book on \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcTop Fifty Indore Influencers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 launched", "text": "INDORE: A book of 50 influential city residents was launched on Sunday here in city in the presence of eminent guests.The book, titled '2013 Top Fifty Indore Influencers', highlights the work done by these people in various sectors of the society in black and white and appreciates their outstanding contribution to the city and society at large.The book is a compilation of senior journalist and columnist, N Raghuraman.The edition has featured the life journey of these successful people who started from rags and made it to the list of riches.\"People can take inspiration from the life and hard work put up by them in their own fields and brought a change in the society. Choosing and giving space to selected people was a difficult and challenging task, but I hope that people will like the efforts,\" said Raghuraman.The book is published by Prabhat Prakashan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "17738230", "title": "Youth held for showing obscene video clip to a girl on his mobile", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: Police have arrested a youth for allegedly showing obscene video clipping to a minor girl on his mobile phone.A woman of Sudal village of the Yamunanagar district complained to the Farkpur police station, that a 22-year-old youth named Rulda Ram of their village, who does farming stopped his daughter studying in VII class on her way to the school and showed her the clips.The woman approached the police after her daughter narrated the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17737344", "title": "Elephant tramples woman to death", "text": "COIMBATORE: A rogue tusker trampled to death a 60-year-old woman at Ettimadai near Walayar across Tamil Nadu-Kerala border on Sunday morning. R Ramathal, an agricultural worker, was attacked by the tusker when she was working in a plantation near Amrita University in Ettimadai at around 9.30 am. She was all alone when the tusker entered the plantation from neighbouring Walayar-Madukarai forests.According to forest and police officials, other workers in the plantation had gone to have breakfast when the elephant charged at her. Circumstantial evidence indicates that the elephant grabbed her using his trunk and threw her on the ground before trampling her to death. As intimated by fellow workers, forest officials reached the spot and took her to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital, where she was declared brought dead. A widow, Ramathal is survived by her daughter. After conducting autopsy, the body was handed over to relatives in the evening. Forest department will decide on Monday the amount of compensation to be disbursed to here daughter. The elephant disappeared into the forest after attacking Ramathal.Department officials suspect that it was the same elephant that killed a restaurant employee in Arivozhi Nagar near Madukkarai during the first week of September. One week before that incident, it had attacked a team of CRPF personnel undergoing jungle warfare training in the Madukarai hills. Three personnel were injured in the attack. One of the officers broke his ribs when the animal ran amok and nearly trampled him. Two others were injured when they fell while trying to escape.According to local sources, the troubled elephant is one of the two that survived when a train rammed a six-member herd near Walayar on February 4, 2008. Since then, the elephant has remained disturbed, said officials. Residents told TOI that the tusker had been terrorizing people in the region for a long time, destroying crops and scaring away locals.Forest officials have pressed into service two teams to trace the animal. Assisted by elephant tamers and veterinarians, forest officials are now searching for it in Madukkarai-Walayar forests across the Tamil Nadu-Kerala border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17741777", "title": "Curfew imposed in entire Manipur valley", "text": "IMPHAL: Indefinite curfew was on Monday imposed in the entire Manipur valley as roads were blocked and tyres set ablaze as part of protests against the alleged molestation of a film actress by a Naga militant and the killing of a journalist in police firing, official sources said.As soon as the 16-hour curfew clamped in Imphal East and Imphal West from 2:00 PM on Sunday ended this morning, people streamed out on to roads with the support of major social organizations and began blocking them and setting ablaze inflammable material, including tyres, the sources said.Following this, curfew was clamped from 11:00 AM in Imphal East, Imphal West, as well as Bishenpur and Thoubal districts where the disturbances had spread, the sources said.Earlier yesterday, the president of the Manipur Film Forum (MFF) Surjakanta Sharma had announced relaxation of the general strike from midnight last night till December 26 midnight in view of Christmas.A section of the MFF, however, disagreed and told local media last evening that there was no question of relaxation of the general strike.The sources said since the curfew was imposed suddenly, the police were going around with public address systems in the valley districts asking people to remain indoors because of curfew.They said that hundreds of people particularly from hill areas who came to shop for Christmas were stranded in different parts of the valley districts.They were likely to be sent back with security escort, they said.A journalist was killed in police firing yesterday amidst protests during an indefinite general strike called by the MFF demanding the arrest of NSCN-IM militant Livingstone Anal who had allegedly molested film actress Momoko and threatened two other artistes on December 18 at Chandel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17738370", "title": "New app for children with autism", "text": "Svetha Venkatesh, professor of computer science &amp; director, Pattern Recognition and Data Analytics (PRaDA), Deakin University, Australia, was in India to launch an education software. She talks to Malini Sen about the benefits of the innovation for children with special educational needsYou highlight the importance of early intervention for children with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD); which age and what are the signs that parents should be aware of?Early intervention is critical and starts as young as two years. Typically, the early intervention covers a period of two-eight years in a child's life. To diagnose autism, a proper medical evaluation is required. Early signs include inability to share, gaze or respond when called by one's name. Once the diagnosis is done, parents are advised to start therapy programme at home, and continue to augment conventional therapy after assessment.Can you elaborate on TOBY Playpad and how it will help children with ASD and limited expressive communication skills?Toby is built as an iPad app in which the delivery of stimulii, responses , prompts and reinforcements are encapsulated in a rigorous learning framework. Early intervention is crucial for children with ASD; however, waiting period from diagnosis to therapy could be lengthy. Our aim is to provide a programme that empowers parents to deliver therapy to their children in this critical period at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17736299", "title": "Greater Noida authority cancels allotment of 15 industrial plots", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Greater Noida Industrial Development Authority (GNIDA) has cancelled the allotment of 15 industrial plots citing failure on part of the allottees to sign a lease deed after allocation. The authority officials said the plots whose allotments have been cancelled are either 450sqm or 1,000sqm. GNIDA is now mulling a fresh scheme for re-allotting these plots.The cancellations were made last week after the allottees failed to respond to the notices issued to them by the authority for delay in execution of lease deeds. Given the lack of initiative among several industrial plot owners in the city to set up functional units, GNIDA had issued notices to over 300 allottees in October to explain the reasons for delay.The list had allottees who have not set up functional units even several years after gaining possession of their plots. It also included allottees who had failed to enter into lease deeds with the authority after allotment.\"The defaulters did not respond after several notices. The allotments have been cancelled after adopting a lenient approach for several years,\" said Harish Verma, ACEO, Greater Noida authority. According to the authority, these 15 allottees had been allocated industrial plots several years ago. Notices had been issued after GNIDA reviewed the status of development work in over 2,000 industrial plots two months ago.Authority officials said industrial development in the region has been lacklustre as several plot owners have shown no interest in setting up functional units after allotment.The action might help in jolting industrial plot owners into setting up working units, added the officials.\"A decision for re-allotment of the plots to industrial houses, which can be expected to set up functional units in a time-bound manner, will be taken soon,\" added Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17737642", "title": "Youth held for attacking woman with chilli powder", "text": "PUNE: A 21-year-old youth manhandled his acquaintance and flung chilli powder into her eyes near Pulgate bus stand in Cantonment area on Sunday morning.The suspect was on the run after snatching the victim's cellphone. However, he was later arrested by the Cantonment police with the help of the local people.The Cantonment police have identified the suspect as Harshad Mate of Hadapsar. He has been charged with the section 354 (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty) of the Indian Penal Code.Inspector of the Cantonment police station Nitin Jadhav told TOI that the incident took place around 9.30 am, when the victim was heading towards the bus stop to catch a bus to go to work. \"The suspect stopped her. They had a heated argument,\" Jadhav said.Jadhav said that the suspect abused the victim and manhandled her. \"All of a sudden he flung chilli powder into the victim's eyes and snatched her cellphone,\" Jadhav said. The victim then raised an alarm. \"With the help of the local people we arrested Mate,\" Jadhav said.Jadhav said that the victim was rushed to the hospital, where doctors washed her eyes. \"She has been discharged from the hospital,\" he added.The victim works as a telecaller in a private company. The suspect is also an employee of a private company. They knew each other since college. \"The reason behind the attack is yet to be ascertained. We will produce the suspect in court on Monday,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17737888", "title": "At work, bullying can help you rise to the top", "text": "LONDON: Aggressive and bullying people are more likely to rise to the top in their organization because their dominance makes them stand out, a new study has claimed.Researchers from the University of British Columbia found that people who were dominant had a greater influence on others, and could be easily and quickly picked out of a crowd.In a two part study, 200 participants completed a problem-solving task in small groups while being videotaped, with volunteers rating each other's dominance, prestige and influence during the task, as well as their own. The researchers defined prestige as the appearance of skill and competency, and dominance as having the ability to impose ideas on others through bullying and intimidation.Results showed those who were more dominant or prestigious had a greater influence on the task and were seen as more influential by the participants, the Daily Mail said.In the second part, 60 extra participants watched a total of 120 seconds of short videos of the initial group interactions while wearing an eye-tracking device.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17736607", "title": "Sheila Dikshit wants police commissioner to go", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Sunday gunned for police commissioner Neeraj Kumar's head, seeking his immediate removal besides suspension of some more policemen for dereliction of duty.\"Dikshit placed her demand to home minister Sushilkumar Shinde and sought fixing of responsibility at senior levels when she met him after holding her Cabinet meeting over the rape incident,\" a top government source said.However, a section within the government ruled out Kumar's removal as it would demoralize the police force which has been trying to defuse the crisis. They, however, did not rule out the possibility of taking action against some senior policemen.Dikshit's demand came on a day when several policemen were seriously injured while battling the protestors with a constable in critical condition.Asked about Kumar's fate, Dikshit told reporters, \"I am not someone who is to take the decision.\" She, however, emphasized that removing one or two constables would not instill confidence. The highest officer in charge of the area where the incident took place should be held responsible to restore public confidence, she added.The police commissioner, on his part, ruled out resigning over the gang rape. \"I don't believe in quitting. I am not a quitter,\" Kumar told a TV channel, emphasizing that he will continue in his job as long as he is asked to.Besides demanding Kumar's transfer, Dikshit also sought immediate setting up of fast-track courts to try rape cases with provisions in law even for death penalty in rare cases like the one that shocked the Capital and called for a \"serious look\" at VIP security deployment in the city, saying it cannot be an \"excuse\" for not providing security to the common man.She said her government would urge the Delhi High Court chief justice for immediate setting up of fast-track courts to try rape cases and to get justice in a time-bound manner.The Centre, meanwhile, set up a three-member committee - comprising former Chief Justice of India J S Verma, Justice (retired) Lalita Seth and former solicitor general Gopal Subramaniam \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to examine the possibility of enhancing punishment for rape and give its recommendation within 30 days.The panel will also inquire into how such an incident happened and why it could not be prevented and what measures should be taken in Delhi and the rest of the country to improve the safety of women. It will also look into whether there were any lapses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17738214", "title": "Xmas fun rolls at Satluj Club", "text": "LUDHIANA: Members of the Satluj Club came together to celebrate Christmas ahead of the festival on Sunday. Club members along with their families took part in the celebrations, where a cake-mixing ceremony was also held.The club premises and its lawns were decorated in colours of Christmas and arrangements had been made for the enjoyment of everyone. There was a toy train for children, a crafts corner and a 'beauty salon' for girls.Kids gave a dance performance which was followed by tambola. Later, people danced as a DJ played music.Rahul Tiwari, deputy commissioner, who is also the president of Satluj Club, performed the cake-cutting ceremony in the afternoon.Gurinderjit Singh Laddi, vice-president of the club, who is also the member of the club's executive committee said \"Everyone had a great time celebrating Christmas. Kids are the ones who made the evening special by their participation,\" while adding \"We will continue with celebrations this festive season.\" Another member, Ruchi Bawa, who is the club's cultural secretary said, \"The club celebrates every occasion and the members have a great time here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17736879", "title": "Education authorities ban school students' outings", "text": "RAIPUR: Stung by a recent tragedy of three students drowning near Sirpur during a picnic, school authorities in Chhattisgarh have come up with a pro-active step to deal with the situation by imposing a blanket ban on excursions and picnics.The directives came after the death of three students of Shakuntala Vidyalaya, Bhilai, due to drowning in Sirpur where they had gone for school picnic. The district education office, in a circular, directed all school authorities not to organise excursions and other outdoor activities in order to prevent recurrence of such incidents. Many schools, which have planned picnic programmes in advance, had to cancel them, in compliance with the orders from the authorities, and returned the fee collected from the students. However, the school authorities had to face the ire of the students, as well as that of parents, due to the last minute cancellations of the picnic programme. In such schools, where picnics have been cancelled, the teachers are having a tough time handling the task of returning the money collected for the picnic from the parents. \"It is very difficult to collect the money from students as it involves problems of handling change, students turning up with money on different days etc. We were surprised and furious when we learnt that we have to now return the money to students. But once we learnt the reason behind the decision of our management our anger subsided, but we do feel sorry for our students as they deserve at least one outing every year,\" said a teacher of a reputed school on condition of anonymity. But not everyone is complaining as the decision has provided relief to the parents who have been worried after the recent incident.Rinku Singh, a parent said, \"We cannot say no to our children as they will complain about us being too cautious. Also our children will compare our decisions with their peer's parents but the decision by the administration to put a moratorium on outings has given us a way out of this fix.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17738475", "title": "Dance troupe girls remain a vulnerable lot", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Gone are the days when ghazals and light music programmes used to be organised during festivals and social occasions. Orchestra troupes rendering songs of Mohammed Rafi, Kishore Kumar , Lata Mangeshkar or popular numbers of Akshaya Mohanty are also passe. The latest trend is dance troupes rendering raunchy performance by young girls. Decency goes for a toss as the dancers gyrate to suggestive film songs, drawing loud cheers from the audience in return.The hitherto ignored dance troupe industry has been suddenly catapulted into the spotlight after the alleged gang rape of a dancer in the city on Wednesday, raising questions about the security of the girls engaged by the troupes.There are about 70 to 80 such troupes in the state employing around 1000 girls as singers and dancers. Being a highly unorganized sector, the girls are forced to perform at odd hours without adequate security provisions at various events and remain vulnerable to exploitation and abuse.\"Most of us come from very poor backgrounds. We usually get Rs 500 per show and security remains a luxury for us,\" said Sneha, member of a dance troupe in the city.During the shows, the dancers, barely out of their teens, are usually scantily clad and gyrate to raunchy numbers. \"There is no agency to monitor such shows. If any kind of lewd remarks are passed by the audience members or anyone misbehaves with the girls, it is the responsibility of the organizers to look into it,\" said Dillip Kumar Swain, owner of Rangeela Dance Group.But most of the girls said they go to the events at their own risk and sometimes organizers want 'favours' for the job. \"Some girls performing in these groups are eager to earn a quick buck and are ready to compromise. But all girls are not alike and for the misdemeanor of a few the entire community gets a bad name,\" said Seema, who has been working as a dancer for the past seven years.Organisers, however, claimed to provide enough security to the girls, especially when they are hired for outstation shows. \"Whenever we take the girls with us for shows outside the city, we take care of all their needs, starting from their food, dress, travel, accommodation and of course safety. We also allow someone from their family or a friend to accompany them as guardians,\" said Suryakanta Lenka , owner of Suryansh Dance Group, a 12-member troupe of boys and girls.Owners of orchestra groups said incidents of sexual assault or misbehavior towards girls are usually led by stray organizers who are not members of established groups. \"There are some freelancers, who are not tied to any particular group. It is they who are seen to indulge in dubious activities, bringing disrepute to the entire fraternity,\" said an insider.\"Many parents called me after the alleged gang rape of an orchestra dancer recently, demanding to know the whereabouts of their daughters. Such incidents create unfortunate panic among the girls and their guardians,\" said Dillip Kumar Swain, owner of Rangeela Dance Group.Juga Kanungo, president of Odisha Melody Association, said, \"Keeping in view the safety and future security of the girls engaged in this sector, we have decided to form a separate association for them. We have also asked the girls to pay a paltry sum of Rs 25 a month so that we can provide life insurance for them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17735830", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcTreat fisheries on a par with farm sector\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Expressing anger at the step-motherly treatment meted out to fishefolk by successive governments both at the Centre and the state, members of the Federation of Indian Fishery Industries (FIFI) on Sunday demanded that the fishing industry be dealt on a par with agriculture. They also demanded that a separate fisheries ministry be immediately formed at the Centre.Addressing the media here, FIFI president Y G K Murthy said, \"It's almost three years since promises were made by Union ministers that a separate ministry would be formed, but we are yet to hear any further word on it.\" Explaining the reason for demanding a separate fisheries ministry, he said, \"We have to deal with several ministries instead of one. They include agriculture, shipping, commerce, defence, food processing industry as well as the state fisheries department.\"FIFI general secretary Dilip N Pagdhare said introducing the Marine Fisheries (Regulation and Management) Bill will curb the activities of traditional fishermen and local fishing industry. He said that ever since the 26/11 Mumbai attacks, fishermen were being harassed by Coast Guard, Indian Navy and Marine Police officials. Though the fishermen have identity cards, they are constantly harassed by the authorities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "muktsar", "code": "17738178", "title": "Woman constable harassed, ASI assaulted", "text": "MUKTSAR: Muktsar police booked two youths for allegedly teasing a woman constable and beating up an ASI in Gidderbaha on Saturday. The constable was harassed at a function in government school at Malana village allegedly by Amandeep Singh and Harjinder Singh. She reported the matter to the ASI, who was assaulted when he intervened into the matter.Police have registered a case against the accused in police station Kotbhai in Gidderbaha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17736767", "title": "Three women rescued, 3 men held in Sinquerim raid", "text": "CALANGUTE: Three women, two from Delhi and one from Kolkata, were rescued from prostitution by Calangute police in two separate raids at Sinquerim on Saturday night.Three men have been arrested following the raid which was conducted after a tip off.In the first raid, a 23-year-old woman from Delhi was rescued and the alleged pimps Surendra Mandrekar from Mandrem and Nagesh Shrinivas were apprehended when they arrived in a tourist taxi to 'deliver' the woman to customers.Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo said the two had struck a deal for 40,000 with prospective customers, out of which the woman was supposed to get 12,000, while 28,000 was to be pocketed by the pimps. The two customers who were supposed to receive the woman are absconding, police said.In the second raid, two women, one a 27-year-old from Delhi and a 23-year-old from Kolkata were rescued. Police nabbed the alleged pimp Sanjeev Shah, who brought them in a car to deliver them to prospective customer. Shah confessed that he struck a deal of 40,000, in which the women were supposed to get 6,000 each.The accused have been booked under the provisions of immoral trafficking (prevention act). They have also been charged under Section 67 of the Information Technology Act since they were contacting customers over the internet according to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740264", "title": "Ilish in wine for Christmas?", "text": "Cooking with wine can be an art if you know the science of it. And true-blue Bengalis are going all out to add this wonder potion to their favourite dishesCaution: This story will not go down well with thakumas, didimas and jethimas. Why? We are about to add a little bit of good ol' wine in their kadhais, which according to them, might spoil the broth, er... jhol or curry. A handful of chefs in the city are cooking up a storm by giving Bangali items a classic twist, adding small or generous quantities of wine to enhance the taste of those dishes.A hearty fareWhile it's commonplace to come across usage of alcohol \u00e2\u20ac\u201d like vodka or beer or even rum, in some dishes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it's difficult to site instances of wine being used in Bengali dishes. But the trend seems to be changing now, feels Chef Pradeep Rozario of Kurry Klub and KK's Fusion, who says, \"Bengalis are more willing to experiment with their cuisine than earlier. In order to cater to this section of experimental Bengali foodies, who wouldn't mind a cup of wine added to their platter, we have come up with Bengali Style Turkey with Wine, wherein we cook turkey breasts in white wine and mustard. It's a lethal combination but a very popular dish among our patrons.\"For a Bengali, cooking is like a celebration of senses. Joymalya Banerjee, chef and owner of Bohemian, believes that the Bangali platter has only gained from adding wine. He says, \"We have this dish called Royal Bengal Roast Mutton with Bhuna Sauce in which we use wine for marinating the meat as well as to make the bhuna sauce. It makes for a delectable dish.\"Avijit Barman, founder, The Wine Club, who also advocates the use of wine in Bengali cuisine, says, \"A person just needs to choose the right wine for the right dish. It's like pairing wine with food. If that is figured out properly, I don't see why wine can't be used in Bengali cuisine. I thoroughly recommend Bengali mutton curry or Kosha Mangsho cooked with wine and red grapes. It's a wonder meal.\"A toast to good healthDid you know, substituting oil for a little amount of wine can actually make your dish more healthy? Says Barman, \"Wine is known for its antioxidant properties. It is a good source of reversitol, which is what grape peels offer to wine. It is great for your heart and skin. Substituting oil for a little cup of wine can actually enhance the taste of your maachher or mangsher jhol.\"Tossing it upChef Debashish Kundu from Fish Fish believes in combining the goodness of wine with Bengali fishes and tossing up a mighty fare. He says, \"While we do not alter the inherent qualities of Bengali cuisine by using wine in it, we cook Bengali fishes like bekti or hilsa with wine and churn up a mouth-watering dish. The fish and wine combo is unparallel.\"DIY at home!Chef Indraneel Bhattacharya of Oh! Calcutta says, \"Although we offer only authentic Bengali food at our restaurant, one can easily cook Bengali dishes with wine at home. Baked Bekti or Baked Ilish can be cooked with white wine. Similarly, red meat can be prepared with Siraz or some variety of red wine.\"Echoing similar views, Chef Rozario says, \"I know of some Bengali Christian families who love to cook sipping their wine and add a portion of it to their food as well, especially during Christmas . In fact, there are Bengali families I'm aware of where wine is made at home and added to enhance the taste of Bengali chicken or mutton dishes. Wine also adds a distinct flavour and aroma to Stuffed Turkey.\" Cheers to the good spirits, we say!Nalen gurer sandesh with wineIngredientsCottage cheese made of 1 lt full fat milkJuice of \u00c2\u00bd a lemonPowdered sugar: 2 tbspNalen gur: 4 tbspSweet wine: 4 tbspMethodPut the cottage cheese in a muslin cloth and wash under running water to get rid of the sour, lemony smell. Tie the loose ends of the cloth and hang to drain all the water. Do this for an hour and then place the cottage cheese on a plain surface and press with something heavy to make it completely dry. After another hour take this cheese on a flat plate. Start kneading with the heel of your palm. Once the cheese becomes smooth (approx 5 minutes) add the sugar and again knead till all the sugar melts in (another 2-3 minutes).Finally add the jaggery before kneading the dough for another couple of minutes. Take this in a non-stick pan and on very low heat cook this for 3-4 minutes. Now add sweet wine to the mix. Keep stirring the dough continuously. Don't panic if you find the dough little soft, it will harden as it cools.To give shape to sandeshuse stone or terracotta moulds. Brush the inside of the mould with little oil or ghee (clarified butter) and press little bit of the dough to transfer the design.Remove from the mould when the sandeshis dry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17737229", "title": "Rods jutting out from trucks give motorists in Chennai a torrid time", "text": "CHENNAI: There are several infrastructural projects progressing in the city, be it the metro rail work or several housing projects. But, these projects have been giving road users a torrid time with trucks carrying materials for these projects without any precaution in place.There are several heavy vehicles that transport metal rods and sheets, glasses and cement blocks for these projects. \"The iron rods jutting out of the vehicles are a serious threat to road users. Chances are that when a lorry driver applies brake the motorist behind the vehicle will collide into protruding rods,\" said V S Suresh, a Madras high court advocate specialising in road accidents.According to the Section 396 (load projection) and 397 (precaution with goods) of the Tamil Nadu Motor Vehicles Rules, the violators could be fined up to 1,000. Rules also say that the trucks transporting long rods or pipe should have a red flag during the day or a red indicator at night. But most times, the rules are not followed by the transporters.K Nallathambi, president of the State Federation of Lorry Owners Associations, said that the government should create better awareness on this issue. \"We are forced to carry construction materials on lorry without any proper precautions. But many drivers are unaware about these consequences because of the lack of awareness.\"Additional commissioner of police (traffic) Karuna Sagar said that the department plans for a crackdown on the violators. \"We have decided to intensify inspections on overloading vehicles. Necessary steps will be taken against the violators according to the rules,\" he said.\"The traffic has slowed down on many busy stretches because of the metro rail works. But there is no restriction of the trucks carrying materials in a hazardous manner,\" said Suresh.Motorists are now a worried lot. \"I don't know how the trucks are allowed to ply without any safety measures. Every time I ride I try to be more cautious,\" said R Vasantha, a resident of Teynampet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17736383", "title": "Eve-teasing: Indore girls raise voice", "text": "INDORE: Around fifty girls reached the police headquarters in the city on Sunday and shared their harassment stories with the police demanding action and precautionary practises from the cops' end.Under the banner of a NGO- Goal, the girls met the Superintendent of Police (SP), headquarters, Dr Ashis, at 12 noon. After listening to their grievances, the top cop assured the girls of establishing a new helpline and taking immediate action on all defaulters.One of the students, who went to lodge her complaint before police, said that she has faced eve-teasing at least four times along the way from her home to the SP's office on Sunday. Another girl shared her experience saying that nobody came forward to support her when she protested against an eve-teaser misbehaving with her.In their complaint, the girls who are students of under-graduation or post-graduation in various colleges of the city, said that the most insecure place is the city-bus in which they travel. They also said that they feel insecure even near their college premises.One of the girls, said, \"If we stand on the road for five minutes anywhere in the city, we are sure of facing one eve-teaser, whichever the locality is.\"The girls not only lodged their complaint, but also suggested solutions. They demanded that cops should be present in the bus in civilians clothes, which will definitely work as a deterrent for eve-teasers.The SP assured girls of extending all possible help. He said that Indore police will soon launch a helpline service, especially for girls. He had reportedly told the girls that the police will announce the helpline number in a couple of days and will inform people about that. The new help-line will be in addition to the already existing emergency help-lines like 100.However, the girls said that if police are trying to begin the campaign against eve-teasers, they must address the root-cause in the absence of which this campaign will also meet a similar fate like other helpline services present already.The girls also demanded installation of CCTV cameras at every crossing, which can act as deterrent for the eve-teasers. They emphasised on a system in which eve-teasers would be punished on the spot itself.Talking to ToI, Dr Ashis said that police will take all necessary action regarding the complaint of the girls.As the girls mentioned city-buses as the most insecure place, cops will randomly pick a city bus in plain clothes and carry out surprise checks, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17738047", "title": "Normal life still a mirage for this acid attack victim", "text": "Mysore: She was allegedly attacked with acid by her husband a few years ago. Now, her life is a struggle. Geetha, 33, who was attacked in 2001 in Shimoga, still carries the wounds, both on her body and mind. Her face was completely disfigured in the attack. She lost sight in one of her eyes. Even after a decade, the culprit has not been punished. After the attack, her siblings also did not lend any help. Her 13-year-old son Pradeep, who was a class VII student then, had to discontinue education and start working at a provision store. Ostracization forced the victim to change houses frequently. The case is still pending in high court. \"I need Rs 500 for just eye drops every month. I need complicated surgeries for which I don't have money,\" she says. \"Death is better than this. The culprit has to be given the same punishment. He will understand how it feels to be an acid victim,\" she says.The case It was the second marriage for Geetha as her first husband died at a young age. According to Geetha, her second husband, an employee at taluk office, started harassing her a few years after their marriage. He attacked her with acid saying he did not want any other man to see her face. However, his brother-in law from his first marriage took the responsibility of the attack. Though he was sentenced to 7 years' imprisonment, he came out on bail. Her second husband later approached the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17738330", "title": "Teaching to learn", "text": "Every Friday, students at the Sakalvara village school eagerly await the arrival of children who come from the nearby PSBB-LLA school. After a quick lunch, these children are taught by the students and teachers of PSBBLLA . The subject changes every second week and the one-hour class that they sit for is way different from anything they learn at their own school.This is a regular activity by the CARE Club at PSBB-LLA . Started around two years ago, the idea to take the students of a government school under their wing stemmed from a whole lot of other volunteer work the students used to take up like helping out at a blind school.Eventually, a couple of senior students zeroed in on the idea of \"value addition\" classes - lessons apart from their textbooks that would actually help students from government schools. Along with their teachers, the students from PSBB-LLA decided that subjects like spoken English and computer basics would benefit these children the most, apart from lessons on health and hygiene.\"This programme was initiated by our children who wanted to give to society and help those not as privileged as themselves. It is our attempt to show that we care, which is why the group was named the CARE Club. We have fixed a time-table in such a way that every teacher in our school right from primary to high school, gets a chance to teach at Sakalvara,\" says Mahalakshmi Kumar, principal of PSBB-LLA .Based on the rota, every Friday, teachers and four high school students go to Sakalvara for an hour. To make sure every high school student is part of this initiative, they are sent in fours, based on their roll number. \"This way everyone gets to go during the academic year,\" says Shanthi Mathews, teacher-in-charge of the CARE Club.The children not only accompany their teachers, but also help them in taking the classes. A single subject is taught for two consecutive weeks to ensure continuity.As far as possible, teachers try to refrain from using Kannada as the medium of instruction. Instead, the children are encouraged to find the translation among themselves, with teachers supplying the words only at the end. \"These children are smart, they just haven't had the right opportunities . I don't know Kannada and I asked them what stories they knew. They quickly enacted the story of the monkey and the crocodile. I didn't need to know Kannada to follow them - they were that good. Later, I taught them the English translation of the words they had used,\" says Uma Kumar , an English teacher at PSBB-LLA .While it may seem as though the students of Sakalvara are the beneficiaries here, according to Shanthi Mathews, that is not necessarily so. \"There is so much our children learn from these \"underprivileged\" children. Like how the elder ones serve the younger ones during lunch time. Or how eager they are to learn, how disciplined they are in even the small areas that we now take for granted,\" she says.Knowledge sharingIt was fun to teach the children from Sakalvara. We paired up with them and taught them English and basic mathematics like addition and subtraction. They seemed happy to accept what we were teaching them. Whenever there was a language problem, our teachers would help out.- Srivatsan Ramesh | Class XI, PSBB-LLAWe used to interact with these children and help them in any way we could. The experience made me feel good and realize how fortunate I am. It also awoke a sense of responsibility in me to reach out to such people and give back in whatever way I can.- Anusha Prasad | Former student, PSBB-LLA", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17738203", "title": "Hyderabad continues to boil over Delhi gang-rape", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hundreds of Hyderabadis staged protest for the second consecutive day on Sunday against the brutal gang-rape of a 23-year-old paramedical student in New Delhi demanding quick trial and punishment of the rapists. Even as the national capital boiled with angry citizens expressing discontentment over handling of the issue, Hyderabadis too were not far behind, with many impromptu protests, rallies and gatherings held across the city by several groups.Holding placards like, \"No protection, No taxation\" and \"Blame courts and lawyers too\" and shouting slogans \"We want justice\", the protesters managed to grab many eyeballs. Some were on foot, others on two-wheelers and a large group moved in an open truck.Two separate rallies were held at Necklace Road in the morning and evening. Nearly 500 people participated in the rally, demanding justice for the Delhi victim who was also tortured and thrown out of a moving bus. \"We only wanted to raise our voice against the atrocities committed against women in our country. We organized this rally to demand the strictest form of punishment for this crime,\" said Binay Kumar Yadav, general secretary of Jan Seva Sangh, which organised the rally on Sunday. \"Safety of women should be given top priority in the country. We appeal to all the organisations and citizens to come forward and fight for this cause,\" Yadav added.Meanwhile, a group of people organised an impromptu protest at KBR Park at around 7pm. Around 60 youngsters staged protest at the park raising slogans like \"Kill the rapists\" and \"Save our sisters.\" \"I got a call from a friend asking me to join the protest at KBR Park and I immediately rushed there. We are also planning to hold a signature campaign and a candle light vigil later,\" said Soumya M, one of the participants and a resident of Banjara Hills.These protests followed a string of incidents across the country which put spotlight on the safety of women; the most recent incident closer home being the rape of a five-year-old girl who was stolen from her house in Bidar in Karnataka. The girl is now recuperating in a hospital and doctors said she still stands the risk of infection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17738141", "title": "Birth, death certificates to be issued online soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Come January 1, 2013, data of over eight lakh births and deaths registered between 2000 and 2005 will be available online along with digital signatures. Citizens can obtain birth/death certificates at Mee Seva centres or Citizen Service Centres by paying a nominal fee.Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has recently completed validation of birth and death registrations of five years between 2000 and 2005. Though records are available with corporation from 1957 onwards, as of now birth and deaths reported from 2006 have been put online after validation. The corporation has taken up the exercise of validation of entire birth and death data last year in a phased manner. Another 35 lakh births and deaths registered between 1999 and 1957 would be checked in the later phases.Officials said validation of data was being taken up for disposal of certificates in a speedy manner as there was a great demand for birth and death certificates, especially from people settled abroad for immigration and green card purposes. Every year over two lakh birth and deaths are registered with the corporation. The validated certificates can be obtained at Mee Seva centres or Citizen Service Centres immediately unless there are any problems like spelling corrections or change in the records or non-availability of certificates.\"GHMC wants to post details of all 80 lakh birth and death registrations online for the benefit of citizens and also bring in transparency. While validation of 40 lakh registrations has been completed, the remaining would be completed by the end of next year, apart from new registrations which are being taken up simultaneously,\" GHMC additional commissioner (health and sanitation) L Vandan Kumar told TOI.For validation of computerised birth and death records, GHMC has engaged a private agency to assist the health wing officials. The agency staff verify database available with the corporation with that of original files and documents like whether there are any mistakes in names, spaces, initials, dates and year. If there are any changes, GHMC would certify the modifications. \"The exercise is only to cross-check the available data, but not for new entries,\" an official of GHMC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17738533", "title": "Reds deny receiving ransom", "text": "KORAPUT: The outlawed Communist Party of India (Maoist) has reacted strongly to the media statement of Jana Adhikar Manch convener Dandapani Mohanty that the government had paid Rs 6 crore to Maoists for the release of Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka and former Malkangiri collector R Vineel Krishna from their captivity.In posters put up at several places in Malkangiri district on Sunday, Maoists denied receiving money from anyone for the release of the IAS officer and the tribal legislator and asked Dandapani to withdraw his statement.\"For the past few days Dandapani has been saying in the media that Rs 6 crore was paid to Maoists for the release of Krishna and Hikaka. But this is not true. We have not received any money from the government. After the state government agreed to fulfil our demands, the two kidnapped persons were released in the presence of the mediators,\" read a Maoist poster at the Malkangiri collectorate.A few days after his son Sangram Mohanty was arrested in Gajapati district on December 5 on charges of links with Maoists, Dandapani, who had mediated with the government for the release of Krishna and two Italian hostages, told the media that the state government had paid ransom to Maoists for the release of Krishna and Hikaka.Maoists had kidnapped Krishna in February 2011 and had abducted Hikaka in March 2012.Stating that it is not the ideology of the Maoist organization to earn money by kidnapping people, the posters warned Dandapani of dire consequences if he did not refrain from 'defaming' the Maoist organization. The posters also charged Dandapani of working in association with Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda, who after being expelled from the CPI (Maoist), has formed the Odisha Maovadi Party.\"Dandapani in connivance with Panda is trying to defame the Maoist organization and to weaken the people's movement. We warned him to abstain from all these activities or else he will face the music and will be punished at the praja court (kangaroo court of the Maoists),\" the posters mentioned.Police said they have recovered a few of the posters from Malkangiri town and a few others were spotted at Podia in the district. \"We have seized some posters. Investigation is on to find if they are really Maoist posters,\" said SP (Malkangiri) Akhileswar Singh.Dandapani said, \"I have not seen the posters and at this moment I don't want to react to it. On Monday I will issue a press statement in this regard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17738070", "title": "'Won't budge till justice is delivered'", "text": "LUDHIANA: City residents registered their protest against the lathicharge on people staging a demonstration near India Gate in Delhi to demand capital punishment for the accused in the brutal Delhi gang rape by organising a candle light march from Kidwai Nagar to Christian Medical College and Hospital. Residents also prayed for speedy recovery of the victim, who is fighting for life.Holding candles, residents gathered at the Mini Rose Garden in Kidwai Nagar around 6pm and marched to CMCH. Many more joined the procession along the way. Komalpreet Kaur, who lives near CMCH, said they were dismayed at the lathicharge on people fighting for a just cause. \"We are really disgruntled with the violence of the Delhi police. If police cannot protect us, they have no right to repress us. We will not budge till the accused meet the fate they deserve.\"According to another area resident, Harmanpreet Kaur, \"My heart bleeds for the victim struggling for life in hospital. I pray to God to ease her pain and give her a new lease of life. I am also here to protest against the high-handedness of the Delhi police. Lathicharge does not suppress anger, it only fuels more angst. We will fight fearlessly. We want complete safety and freedom and we will get it.\" Another candle march was conducted late in the evening near the Durga Mata temple close to Jagraon Bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17737180", "title": "Driver electrocuted in freak accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a bizarre incident, a 28-year-old cab driver got electrocuted while trying to look at his neighbour who fell from the first floor of his house in Rasoolpura on Sunday night.The victim was identified as Srinivas of Rasoolpura. At 9 pm, Srinivas heard two brothers, who stay in his neighbourhood, Fayyazuddin and Zaheer quarrelling in an inebriated condition. A little later, Srinivas heard a thud and found that Fayyazuddin fell from the first floor of his house and rushed to the spot, Begumpet SI K Santosh said.While falling from the building, Fayyazuddin held on to an electric cable passing right next to the parapet wall. The line snapped when Fayyazuddin continued to fall.In his hurry to look at injured Fayyazuddin, Srinivsas stepped on the live cable and got electrocuted on the spot. With severe injuries, Fayyazuddin was rushed to a nearby hospital and the Begumpet police are gathering details about the entire incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741078", "title": "Akhlaque Khan as Tannu in Na Bole Tum sequel", "text": "Along with the channel, the audience is equally excited to welcome the much awaited new season of their dear show. Much has been said and written about the sequel on TOI exclusively. Yes! We are talking about Color's Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha, produced by Sunshine Productions.The season 2 of the show will see a leap of 8 years where, Megha ( Akanksha Singh) and Mohan's ( Kunal Karan Kapoor) kids will be shown as intelligent grownups. Accordingly, Jayashree Venkataramanan will be essaying beautiful Nanhi, while the latest buzz we have heard is that Akhlaque Khan has been roped in to essay 24 years old Tannu. The role which was earlier played by Nirav Soni will be now carry forwarded by Akhlaque.If sources are to be believed than Nanhi will be a journalist by profession just like her father, who is also a crime reporter. Tannu on the other hand will help Nanhi in all her sting operations to find out the hidden truth.The shoot for the season 2 has started from yesterday (23rd December) and will be ready to surface on screen from 2nd week of January along with Swapna Waghmare Joshi and Cinemantra's Sanskaar. These both the shows will share the time slot which is currently occupied by Bigg Boss season 6.When contacted, Akhlaque Khan confirmed his presence, \"Yes, I have been roped in the season 2 of Na Bole...as grown up Tannu. Rest all you have to wait and watch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17738658", "title": "Fear &amp; Loathing in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: With the rise in incidents of sexual harassment in the city, parents are scared to let their daughters out of their sight, more so in cases of minors.This is also because multiple cases of sexual harassment in the city go unreported each day. In September, a drunken school bus conductor tried to molest a nine-year-old girl on her way back home. The girl jumped out of the moving bus to save herself.This September incident came to light since people noticed it. There are many such cases which go unreported either because the girl is too scared to complain or too innocent to understand what is going on.Namita Gupta, mother of a five-year-old girl, said, \"Everyday I read about rape and molestation in the newspapers. At times even cases of molestation involving kids make headlines. In such a situation, how can a parent be at ease when the child is not within her reach?\"\"At times even I hear cases where children are molested by teachers or bus drivers. So there is a constant fear in my heart until my daughter returns home from school,\" she added.Secretary of Jharkhand Parents' Association Ajay Rai said parents are always worried about their children so steps should be taken by the school administrations to ensure safety of the children.\"One of the private schools has GPRS system in their buses so that parents get a message when their children reach school in the morning and five minutes before the bus arrives at the bus stop while dropping children back home. All schools of the city should follow this path and install GPRS in their buses for the safety of the students,\" he said.According to psychiatrists, the school administration and parents should properly counsel children so that in case they face any kind of molestation, they are able to recognize the indecent behaviour of a stranger and share it with their parents.Psychiatrist Usha Narsaria said, \"Parents should take children into confidence and teach them to tell everything at home, especially if someone tries touching them in an inappropriate manner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17736066", "title": "Fog will further intensify, stay at least till Christmas", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a sunny phase, the cold returned to the capital with a vengeance, accompanied by extremely dense fog this time. On Sunday, the minimum temperature was a chilling 5.9 degrees Celsius \u00e2\u20ac\u201d three degrees below normal, while in the absence of any sunlight, the maximum touched only 18.7 degrees Celsius \u00e2\u20ac\u201d two degrees below normal.With visibility having plummeted to below 50m for a few hours in the early morning, air traffic at the IGI was disrupted in a big way. Around 100 flights were delayed by 30 minutes to five hours while six flights were cancelled. Another 4 were diverted to nearby cities.For over two hours, the new runway 29/11 could not be used at all as visual range on it dipped to below 50m, which even CAT-IIIB compliant aircraft cannot handle. The main runway 28/10, which had better visibility, was used for arriving aircraft, many of which can land when visibility is as low as 75m.To add to the chaos, the RVR system on the 28 side of the main runway also failed for about 45 minutes. This was a period when visibility was fluctuating between CAT-II and CAT-I levels. \"The new runway had become operational by then but arrivals on the main runway were affected. For about two hours in the morning, there were no departures as a minimum visibility of 125m is needed for those. Only one runway was available for arrivals which led to massive delays,\" said an official.Visibility dropped sharply in dense fog on both the new and main runways almost simultaneously, dropping from 775-900m at 6.30am to 75m at 7am. Improvement started only around 9am.Rony Bhattacharjee, a doctor travelling to Bangalore on Spice Jet said that despite assurances, he and several other passengers got no information from airlines on flight delays. \"I had a 12pm flight so I reached the airport by 10.30am. It was only after our boarding card was issued to us that we learnt that the flight had been delayed till 2pm. We finally boarded at 1.30pm but the flight left at 2.20pm,\" Bhattacharjee said.RK Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met has said fog is likely to remain till at least Christmas. \"Fog will further intensify and last longer on December 24 and 25 after which it will slowly start reducing. Delhi has not witnessed shallow fog or even smog since the past 42 days due to continuous strong winds,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17741678", "title": "UP Govt to clean up river Ganga ahead of Maha Kumbh Mela", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to make available clean and continuous flow of water in river Ganga during the Maha Kumbh Mela in Allahabad next month, the UP government has issued directions for shutting down industrial units that discharge pollutants in the river , officials said today.Uttar Pradesh Chief Secretary Javed Usmani yesterday asked the concerned district magistrates to constitute a committee for inspection of polluting industries and ensure that they are closed within three days, an official spokesperson said here.He also asked for ensuring that eight industrial units banned by the UP pollution control board, including distilleries and leather units in different districts remain closed.Uttarakhand government has also assured full co-operation in controlling pollution, the spokesperson added.The chief secretary has also directed for release of additional 2,500 cusecs of water in the Ganga between January 1, 2013 to February 28 and 1,500 cusecs of water between March 1 to March 7 for the good flow in the river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17737591", "title": "Dinosaurs much bigger than thought?", "text": "LONDON: Researchers have discovered a giant dinosaur tooth that suggests the huge creatures that roamed the Earth some 230-million-years ago were much bigger than believed.The sauropod dinosaurs - the biggest animals ever to walk the Earth - were enormous plant-eating beasts with long necks and tails. The biggest are aptly named titanosaurs, and could reach 30 metres long and weigh 80 tonnes.However, some titanosaurs may have been even bigger than that, says Rodolfo Garcia at the National University of Rio Negro in Argentina, New Scientist said.Garcia has found a 7.5-centimetre-long titanosaur tooth at Salitral de Santa Rosa in Rio Negro - that makes it 32% longer than the previous record holder.He said it is possible the tooth probably came from an enormous skull which suggests a monumental body. Philip Mannion of Imperial College London points out that we do not yet have good fossil skulls of the largest titanosaurs, so the tooth might simply belong to one of them.We'll need to find more of the dinosaur from which the tooth came to convince him that it was an even bigger beast , he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17736406", "title": "Thank red-tape for Buddha show", "text": "KOLKATA: Diplomatic paranoia and bureaucratic red tape helped the citizens witness artifacts of rare Buddhist art form from 2nd to 13th century with the Indian Museum hastily exhibiting the items that were originally meant for exhibitions in China and South Korea.Thirty-nine exhibits - 28 sculptures and 11 illustrated manuscripts - were brought from archeological museums in Sanchi, Sarnath, Nalanda, Nagarjuna Kunda and Amravati as well as the National Museum in Delhi in June-July 2010 for exhibitions in China as part of the Festival of India scheduled there in 2010. It was proposed that the Indian Council for Cultural Relations would coordinate the initiative and Indian Museum would be the nodal agency.Following the decision, Chinese authorities informed K K Basa, the then Indian Museum director, that it was prepared to host three exhibitions: Capital Museum in Beijing from November 2010 to January 2011, Luoyang Museum in Henan province from January 2011 to March 2011 and Three Gorges Museum in Chongqing from April 2011 to June 2011.Indian Museum deputy keeper (pre-history) and keeper-in-charge (archeology) Gopinath Ghosh said he was in constant touch with Chinese officials and the Indian embassy in Beijing and informed the proposed exhibition schedule to the cultural ministry on July 20, 2010. But since the exhibition was proposed in China, a host of clearances was required. The inordinate bureaucratic delay finally led to Chinese museum authorities sending a regret letter on December 7, 2010, expressing its inability to host the exhibitions.\"It is a pity that such archeological objects could not be exhibited before the world. But once the Chinese exhibitions fell through, the culture ministry proposed an exhibition in South Korea. Following the decision, a delegation from National Museum of Korea visited the Indian Museum to see the objects twice, once on December 29, 2010 and again on August 4, 2011,\" said Indian Museum director Anup K Matilal.Unfortunately, bureaucratic red tape proved a stumbling block again. The draft MoU that was to be signed with the Korean authorities was sent to the cultural ministry in Delhi for approval in July 2011. The latter sent it to the ministry of law from where it never returned.Meanwhile, the Korean authorities deferred the exhibition from December 2011 to March 2012. But when no reply came till even October 2011, the museum director wrote to Indian Museum: \"We are not able to delay the finalization of the special exhibition. Our special exhibition gallery is completely booked from 2012.\"\"When it was apparent that the very purpose of transporting the objects to the Indian Museum had failed, we decided to exhibit some of the items in the city before they are returned to the respective museums,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17738035", "title": "They keep the candle burning", "text": "Mysore: Students and techies took out marches in the city on Sunday to express solidarity with the Delhi gang rape survivor and demand stringent action on the perpetrators. Both men and women joined the march. Clad in black, students gathered near BGS Apollo Hospital and then took out a candlelight march to the courts in Mysore. They were led by members of Samatha Vedike. Under the banner of 'Voices of Mysore' students created a Facebook page and forwarded messages about the protest march. They wore shirts with messages like 'You are not real man if you rape' among others. Roshini M P, student of SJCE, said: \"Women have to come out of their shell and fight for their rights. Every rapist must be handed severe punishment. Though we feel secure in Mysore, it is not the same now. Eve teasing near colleges and hostels is on the rise. Many of the interior areas in the city have to be provided with streetlights.\" Infosys employees staged a silent protest with candles in front of north gate of Mysore Palace. The public, too, joined them in their protests. Ruchika Grover from Himachal Pradesh said: \"During training I felt Mysore was and chose to work here. But police patrolling at night should be made mandatory in the city. We want a women's helpline which is accessible to everyone.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17736786", "title": "Anushka Daswani's death was not a suicide, alleges sister", "text": "MAPUSA: The Daswani family from Mumbai has demanded a thorough investigation into the death of Anushka Daswani who died in Goa in October.Anushka Daswani, MBA-HR was employed as vice president in a multinational bank in Mumbai.Anushka, 36, from Mahim-Mumbai, was found hanging in a hotel at Anjuna on October 3 between 1pm and 2pm allegedly following a dispute with her husband. According to the family, Anushka was a highly-educated woman who they say would not take a drastic step and there are a lot of unanswered questions on her alleged suicide. The family has also demanded that if the Goa police cannot handle the case, then they should hand it over to the Mumbai police.\"She was a very confident and independent person earning a very good salary. She married Bharat Daswani in January, 2011, in Mumbai. Her husband and in-laws had taken her to Goa on the pretext of carrying out some 'puja' and there on October 2, her husband abused her over a petty issue,\" said Sangeeta Daswani, the deceased's sister.Sangeeta, a resident of Mumbai, complained that since January, 2011, Anushka was allegedly harassed and mentally tortured by husband Bharat Daswani and mother-in-law Meenu Daswani at their Mumbai residence.According to Sangeeta, there was a constant demand for monetary and material dowry throughout the period of Anushka's marriage, which she had fulfilled hoping that her relationships would work out.\"Since she was being harassed on a daily basis, she had taken a decision to seek a divorce and had communicated the same to her family members and in-laws. Her husband; not being able to accept the fact that he was in the process of losing all her assets as she owned a house and had a strong bank balance, had decided to get rid of her,\" Sangeeta alleged.Following an inquiry by the deputy collector, an offence was registered by Anjuna police against the husband and mother-in-law.Sangeeta has written to chief minister Manohar Parrikar and the director general of police requesting for proper investigation in the case.\"Police are not investigating in the right direction. My sister was absolutely normal till 1pm and spoke to me and my mother over the phone. There was no such thing felt like she was feeling low or she will commit suicide,\" Sangeeta said. Sangeeta added that on checking with hotel officials, she came to know many other facts which were contradictory to the police panchanama and there are a lot of discrepancies in the case.A Goa police team has gone to Mumbai in connection with the case. Police sources informed TOI that there was no offence registered against the husband or family members at the local police station. Police sources also informed that the viscera was not preserved because the autopsy report by the doctor clearly suggests that the death was due to hanging and there were no signs of strangulation or any other body injuries.The accused husband has applied for anticipatory bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17735875", "title": "Pedalling his way to Hyderabad, top cop shows age is no bar", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Who said age is a deterrent for taking up physical activities, even if one is in the 50s. Ask additional DGP (sports) Rajiv Trivedi, and pat comes the reply, 'This is the best period in life when one can test his or her strength and endurance.'Fresh from swimming 25 km at a stretch in the Bay of Bengal, from Bheemunipatnam to RK Beach on Saturday, there was no stopping him and his team members from the police force as they began the cycling the 690 km length to Hyderabad on Sunday morning, as part of the Police Triathlon meet to commemorate the 150 year celebration of the Indian Police Force.The team comprising Trivedi along with S Jaya Kumar from CISF, Balasaheb Ramachandra Ghadge from Maharashtra Police, N Srinivas from AP Police, Sunil Menon from Microsoft, Hitraj Singh from BSF and Ramesh Nayak from AP Police is scheduled to reach Hyderabad on December 31. Both Rajiv and Balasaheb are 50 plus in age and Hitraj is a national cyclist.The additional DGP said that maintaining perfect body condition is essential. \"Salt levels and fluid levels have to be maintained. And for that reason we will stop every one hour for intake of some fluids. There will be an escort vehicle and a pilot vehicle all along the route,\" he explained.The cycling phase was flagged of by additional DGP, AP Police Academy, N Sambasiva Rao on Sunday morning. Once the team reaches Hyderabad on December 31, they will run a full marathon of 42 km in the capital city to complete the triathlon meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17735946", "title": "Super city mooted with Vizag &amp; 2 others", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The entire Visakhapatnam-Rajahmundry-Vijayawada (VRV) region should be developed into a super city which can transform into a mature economy that provides residents a great place to live and also work in terms of GDP and other key social development and equity metrics, experts gathered at the Vizag-Bay Regional Economic Summit mooted.Explaining the advantages of a VRV Super City, Gravity 2.0 Economics and Planning Society (G2EPS) co-founder Gopi Kumar Bulusu said, \"Singapore has an area of 710 sq km with population of 14.3 million. VRV super city has 51,812 sq km area and a population of 22.9 million. With such huge land and human resources available, the GDP of the region could increase drastically.\" A VRV vision document released by G2EPS on the occasion, said that it had envisioned VRV as an economically integrated region that supports industries with high economic value addition and industries that create jobs in both urban and rural habitats within the super city.While agreeing to the concept, executive director of Indian School of Business (ISB), Krishna Tanuku said it would be possible only through collective thinking as it needs committed people, who decide collectively to turn the region into a super city. Observing that road and rail transport will face land limitations in future, Visakhapatnam Port Trust (VPT) chairman Ajeya Kallam said it was time to capitalise on the extensive coast and develop infrastructure in coastal towns to accommodate sea transport.\"Connect them (coastal towns) with infrastructure and give it to a wider section of people. Promote environmental friendly transport. Each small town needs to have jetties and space for boats to land,\" he explained, adding that if coasts are connected to highways and provided with sufficient storage space, the gains would maximise.\"Once the infrastructure is created, the region can be improved,\" he said, pointing out that several towns with optimal population levels should be created to ensure sustainable growth and improved quality of life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741598", "title": "Bhavana completes Topivala", "text": "Upendra`s Topiwala directed by RJ Sreeni is gearing up for a January 25 release. The shoot for the film, which has Bhavana in the lead, is complete, barring a song.Upendra who teams up with Bhavana in the film said that he had liked Sreeni`s work in the short film and wanted Sreeni to direct him. Actress Maithreyi plays a special role in the film.Kanakapura Sreenivas, the producer of the film recalled that Omkaara , their first film with Upendra was a big hit and that now they are looking for Topivala to create new records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17736564", "title": "Visually impaired woman alleges beau raped her", "text": "NAGPUR: The proverb love is blind reflected in a not-so-rosy tale of romance that went horribly wrong and ended up in a rape complaint. Police have to book a visually impaired man with rape charges after his former girlfriend, who too is visually challenged, approached cops with the complaint.Kawduji Hatgale, in his 20s, is set to get arrested by the Wadi police. It is learnt that Seema (name changed) was left peeved as Hatgale, a resident of Nagalwadi near Defence colony, did not keep his promise of marriage despite the fact that she gave given birth to a baby girl. Later, the infant died.Seema and Hatgale were introduced to each other at a blind institution near Shraddhanandpeth in 2008. The victim, a native of Chandrapur, had come to earn a diploma in vocational courses. Hatgale is learnt to have gone to meet Seema's parents at Chandrapur. He had promised Seema's parents to marry their daughter. The couple, hailing from an economically weak background, later returned to the city where their courtship bloomed into a full-fledged romance.It is learnt that Seema had gone to her native place earlier this year where her mother learnt that her daughter was five months pregnant. Seema, on learning about her advanced stage of pregnancy, came to meet Hatgale at his place in April this year. She was left stunned to see her beau already married to someone else. Hatgale's bride is also partially visually impaired.It is learnt that Seema stayed at Hatgale's place for some time. On July 21, Seema gave birth to a girl at a private hospital. The baby died on August 24 at government medical college and hospital.Police said that Seema was forced out of Hatgale's residence shortly after her daughter died. Initially, a heartbroken Seema returned to her native place but later, she decided to approach the cops to seek justice.Senior inspector MM Bodke of Wadi police station said that cops registered the offence and would now take further action in the case. 'This is as tricky situation for the cops as it is for the people involved in the case. The victim has a genuine grievance and the man is also from a poor family. This is a difficult situation but we would act as per the law,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17738211", "title": "Protests Surge As More Residents Rally for a cause", "text": "JAIPUR: The Pink City's Statue Circle is becoming a ground zero for protests and rallies being organized by groups and individuals over atrocities against women. On Sunday, the protests began with a disciplined crowd adhering to police instructions but ended with some unruly members going berserk. They damaged a bus, one police gypsy and also threatened media persons against publishing these pictures.As the sun set, nearly 2,000 people from all walks of life gathered at Statue Circle holding placards, banners and effigies expressing anger over the gangrape incident in Delhi. A poster read: \"Statue Circle is our Tahrir Square.\" Many protestors, majority of them in their early twenties and from schools and colleges in the city, raised slogans seeking harsher laws, capital punishment, vigilance by police among others.A three-year-old, Avani Singh, holding a banner 'hang the rapist' was probably the youngest protester accompanied by her mother and aunts. Aditi Singh, aunt of Avani, described how they face eve teasing almost every day. \"Is it a sin to be a beautiful girl?\" asked Aditi. \"This is too much! Now we will not tolerate and ignore it silently, we will drag these unscrupulous elements and expose them in public,\" said Aditi, holding candles.For some, the movement has sparked a sense of liberation. Sunita Sharma, a mother of three daughters, the eldest studying in college, said: \"Now I won't spare those elements who stare at my daughters. I will give a tight slap on their face.\"Meanwhile, a few protesters played spoilsport by damaging the glasses of one low-floor bus and one police vehicle. They also made a failed attempt to snatch the camera of TOI lensman and threatened him not to publish pictures showing their act of hooliganism.The movement is gradually gathering storm in the city. A group of theatre artists gave a powerful performance through 'nukkad natak' encompassing various incidents happening in the city. They showcased how girls are teased and harassed in buses in the presence of many commuters who mostly remain silent.\"This case is an eye-opener for us. Our focus should be on issues our mothers and sisters face in our very own city,\" said Chiraj Khandelwal, a theatre artist who made tireless effort to perform among the crowd of thousands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17738599", "title": "Munda seeks Ramesh's help for state green body", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Sunday requested Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh to intervene in setting up a State Environment Authority and improving broadband connectivity in rural areas so that the common service centres (Pragya Kendra) become operational in all 4,400 panchayats.At present broadband connectivity is very bad in most parts of the state.Sources present in the meeting said the chief minister brought to the Union minister's notice a pending proposal for setting up the State Environment Authority at the Centre for the past four months.\"The delay has held up various road construction projects. The proposal for the authority, which had been sent some four months ago, is supposed to give clearance for stone crushing unit and other materials required for road construction. I would request you to take up the matter in the larger interest of the state,\" said a source quoting the chief minister.The chief minister also informed Ramesh about the hindrance in setting of Pragya Kendra in every block. \"I have written to the Union telecommunication minister and the BSNL to solve the problem so that every block has internet connectivity. Hope your intervention will help improve the situation,\" Munda told the Union minister.He also informed Ramesh about plans to install solar lights in all panchayats and the progress in Saranda Development Plan and construction of 78,500 wells across the state. Of the 78,500 wells, the state rural development department has put all information like place and cost of about 40,000 wells on the official website.Talking to newsmen after the meeting, Ramesh said the Centre was always there to help the state and ensure all round development.\"There should be transparency in every work and the state should put a check on corruption. I have requested the chief minister to place all information about welfare projects on the website so that everyone knows about the work along with name of beneficiaries and investment,\" said the Union minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17738283", "title": "Capturing the many stripes of Tiger Tipu", "text": "The city's heartland, Kalasipalyam market , wore a many splendoured crown in tune with Tipu Sultan's 230th year of coronation, from August until December 23, 2012.The Bangalore Fort, which comes under the radar of Archeological Survey of India (ASI), was, over this period, dressed with shadow puppetry shows, talks and walks. This was in sync with ASI's \"150 years of fulfilling a larger purpose \" celebrations.Marking the grand finale on Saturday and Sunday was the staging of Tiger! Tiger!, a Bangalore Little Theatre production directed by Aliyeh Rizvi. The highlight: the majestic fort opened its doors to theatre for the first time ever.\"Tiger! Tiger ! captures a very unusual aspect of Tipu - it's historical without being just about him, entering his mind and in the process projecting an unusual representation of what we all don't know about him. As I watched it, I wondered what impact it will have had, had we been able to run it in the local language for people who live around here,\" says Dr Indira Chowdhury , Director, Centre for Public History housed in the Srishti School of Design.Picking up the threads between then and now, the project was a collaboration between the ASI and students of Srishti who produced the archival documentation for it, which now reflects in the booklet The Tiger Comes To Town, in tandem with the name of the initiative.\"These students also went on to convert their documentation into a play with shadow puppets through which you could hear the story of the fort. They also interviewed people in neighbouring areas, for usually , archaeology preserves sites, often ignoring human history . The students have tried to document what the fort means to the locals and went on to build narratives,\" says Indira.These narratives reflect a thought off the seasoned historian's mind. \"Between the Bangalore Fort and Palace stands Victoria Hospital, a structure put up by the colonizers . It's an interesting landscape to delve into queries like what kind of historical memories people have, how legends and history merge, how historians look at places of this kind and what places mean to people,\" signs off Indira.His-storyDina Mehta's Tiger! Tiger! is a series of interlinked sequences between individuals and events that marked Tipu's life. The play traces his life in a chronological manner from the time he was 16 years old, until he grew into a young adult, mature man and finally a warrior King who fought the British.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17735901", "title": "Power scene to be grim next summer", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Power situation will worsen in 2013 particularly in the summer months with officials warning of a severe shortage as power generation has not improved in the current fiscal till date.The dismal power situation in the state is also forcing many IT and pharma companies to think of relocating elsewhere and authorities are staring at a flight of investors with little hope of holding back some.Official said the current power demand is above 1900 MW under Eastern Power Distribution Company of AP Limited (EPDCL) limits, which distributes power to 49.7 lakh consumers in Srikakulam, Vizianagaram, Visakhapatnam, East and West Godavari coastal districts.But the discom has been able to generate and supply only 1400 to 1500 MW, which industry insiders say is not at all a pretty picture. \"EPDCL is still facing power shortage despite saving nearly 10 million units of power a day by imposing R&C; (Restriction and Control) measures under its limits except the city,\" EPDCL director (operations) HY Dora told TOI. \"Besides, the discom has also been conducting awareness camps in association with agriculture department to motivate farmers to take up cultivation of short-term crops that require less quantity of water in order to save power,\" Dora added.Insufficient rainfall in catchment areas, load growth up to 10 per cent, frequent outages of thermal plants and non-availability of hydel capacity along with shortage of power from gas-based plants have been cited as major reasons for the deficient situation, which is likely to prevail in the coming year.According to official sources, the power supply at present to all discoms including EPDCL in the state is about 200 million units (MU) against its demand of 280 MU. The shortfall is 80 MU a day and power supply to EPDCL alone is 36 MU to 38 MU against the demand of 45 MU, officials said.\"In the winter season itself, when the consumption is on the lower side, the EPDCL is facing a huge gap of around 400 MW of power shortage between demand and supply. The gap would be doubled or reach 1000 MW by the next summer if the situation continues. This year's rains or cyclones have played no crucial role in improving the hydel generation,\" a senior EPDCL official said.Similarly, gas-based power generation has fallen short of expectation. At present, about 1200 MW of power is being generated from the plants against the installed capacity of 3000 MW. Allocation of only 35 per cent of gas to state from the Centre is one of the main reasons behind the situation.According to proposals made by all discoms in the state, the power demand in the state is expected to be 262.55 MU while deficit will be 25.85 MU a day in January. The power scenario painted by APEPDCL officials is quite contrary to what chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy had said during his recent three-day tour of the district as part of the Indiramma Baata programme.The CM was confident in improving the power scenario by mid 2013, as he cited that the capacity of the eastern grid would be enhanced sufficiently from the present capacity of 1300 MW.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17740152", "title": "'Vishwaroopam' has to make 150 crores: Kamal", "text": "Kamal Haasan's 'Vishwaroopam' is being touted as one of the costliest Indian films and the actor-filmmaker says they have to earn more than Rs 150 crores at the box office. The film has reportedly been made on a budget of Rs 95 crores and Haasan says they are aiming at more than crossing the 100-crore mark.\"Let alone 100, this film will have to earn Rs 150 crores, otherwise it makes no sense to invest that kind of money. You have to make the content good, and then decide its price. That's why the DTH price for the movie is high,\" said Haasan.The 58-year-old thespian has planned to release the film via DTH service first, where people can watch it in their homes a day before its theatrical release by paying Rs 1,000 for a one-time viewing.The thriller, to be released simultaneously in Hindi and English on January 11, stars Haasan himself in the lead role, alongside Pooja Kumar, Rahul Bose , Andrea Jeremiah and Jaideep Ahlawat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17738138", "title": "Land acquisition hits road work in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Many road expansion works that were started by the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) a couple of years ago are yet to be completed due to hitches in land acquisition and other ground works as well as lack of coordination between the various wings of the corporation.According to sources, the delay is because one wing of the GHMC finalised the tenders before other wings could carry out the land acquisition or prepare road development plans. Consider this. The roads from Dr BR Ambedkar Open University (Braou) to Kavuri Hills and Madhapur to Durgam Chervu via Vasanth Vihar were planned more than two years ago. However, till date, the contractor has completed only 22% of the work as many properties are still to be acquired by the town planning wing. The road widening was planned for 100ft but was later revised to 80ft. Now, the local residents are demanding that its width be further reduced to 60ft which is now under consideration.Similarly, the road from Amaravathi Hotel (Madhapur main road) to Moosapet and Malaysian Township road, which includes the construction of a bridge costing about Rs 25 crore, were finalised a year ago and the agency has taken up its work. The irony is that the contract was granted even before the necessary land could be acquired. While the required road space would be 80ft, at many places only 40ft road is available. Another road from Miyapur to Yellamma Banda remains suspended as the transmission line is still to be shifted. In some cases, like Serilingampally (South) circle on the Dargah junction to OU Colony road widening work was awarded to a contractor a couple of years ago. But the works could never take off for want of basic Road Development Plan (RDP) and acquisition of properties. When contacted, GHMC engineer-in-chief R Dhan Singh admitted that many road expansion works were getting delayed due to land acquisition. \"We will complete the pending works by coordinating with the town planning wing,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17741174", "title": "Mohanlal tangled in legal issues", "text": "Malayalam superstar Mohanlal has got into some legal trouble, courtesy his latest release Karmayodha. A poster from this movie has the Unnaipol Oruvan actor smoking a cigar and the Health Ministry in Kerala which is strictly against the endorsement of smoking in films and TV programmes is all miffed about it. Summons has been issued by the Judicial First Class Magistrate to Mohanlal as well as the film's director Major Ravi. As a result, all of them will have to appear in person in the Thiruvananthapuram court on March 18. The posters have been removed in Kerala as the Government is strictly against advertising tobacco products. The film hit screens last Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17737263", "title": "Velachery Main Road, OMR turn deathtraps", "text": "CHENNAI: South Chennai is paying the price for development. Old Mahabalipuram Road (Rajiv Gandhi Salai) and Velachery Main Road, two critical links to other parts of the city, are now among the deadliest stretches, ahead of Anna Salai, East Coast Road and Jawaharlal Nehru Salai (100 ft Road).The sprouting up of hundreds of residential colonies and the rise in the number of private vehicles are behind this dubious distinction, the traffic police say. A senior officer said the high number of accidents on the two stretches was due to poor road engineering. \"Rash and drunken driving are the other causes for fatal deaths, and most of them happen at night. We have intensified night checks,\" he said.This year, until December 20, there were 54 fatalities on OMR, which replaced north Chennai's GNT Road \u00e2\u20ac\u201d where there is huge container lorry movement \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as the third most deadliest road. Grand Southern Trunk (GST) Road and Poonamallee High Road remain the two most accident-prone stretches, while 100 ft road and Anna Salai are in the 9th and 15th spots this year. Maduravoyal Bypass Road, Chennai Tiruvallur High Road and East Coast Road are the other vulnerable stretches. The good news, however, is that the city roads have seen fewer fatalities than last year.There are hundreds of software firms, including the prestigious Tidel Park, and government research institutions and educational institutions along the OMR, or IT corridor. \"At least two lakh workers and about four lakh residents use OMR daily. The government should immediately make it a six-lane stretch with all safety features,\" National Association of Software and Services Companies regional director K Purushothaman said.Though the 20km first phase of the OMR, from Madhya Kailash to Siruseri, was inaugurated more than four years ago and the Tamil Nadu Road Development Corporation acquired lands to make it a six-lane stretch, most of the works, including footpaths, storm water drains and bus bays, remain incomplete. Traffic police records say the Indira Nagar MRTS station, Okkiampet bus stop, the spot in front of the Sanmar Company in Karapakkam and the Seevaram bus stop are among the most accident-prone spots on the stretch.Velachery Main Road, a short distance away, is equally dangerous. Poor road standards, lack of a median and huge vehicular movement resulted in 49 fatalaties on the stretch this year. Selaiyur, Mylai Balaji Nagar, Medavakkam and Vijayanagar are among the most accident-prone spots on the road. \"Irregular road-widening is the culprit as motorists are unable to maintain a uniform speed and the lack of medians is another problem,\" says A M Malathi of Medavakkam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17738187", "title": "Students' cry gets shriller", "text": "LUDHIANA: Students of Punjab College of Technical Education (PCTE) raised the demand for capital punishment to the accused in the Delhi gang rape case with a cultural programme at Sarabha Nagar market. Support for the campaign was manifested in the huge participation in the programme, with hundreds of PCTE students and alumni, along with INIFD students and city residents turning up.By means of a 15 minute dance performance, members of the PCTE radio team urged residents to take up arms against the menace of sexual harassment. A play by Lovey Singh and Shubham Bansal of the PCTE dramatics department condemned objectification and victimization of women , besides seeking exemplary punishment for the accused in the Delhi gang rape case.According to PCTE faculty member Sunny Gill, \"We are amazed at the participation of residents. The event is our way of expressing the aggression and anger the brutal act has evoked.\" Student coordinator Shagun Mittal said they were concerned about the Delhi gang rape victim and wanted to make sure she knew the country is standing by her.\"We promoted this event on social networking sites and other messaging services. We came to know that the condition of the girl is critical. Nationwide support will help her recover from her wounds. People are fighting for her right and our college is also fighting for justice.\" The event concluded with a candle march were a large number of residents pledged support for the cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17737106", "title": "Power supply hit as man tampers with line", "text": "HYDERABAD: A major disaster was averted in Ghouse Nagar in the Old City when a high tension wire snapped plunging many localities of Barkas area into darkness. The incident took place at 5.30 pm when the tether to an electrical pole was reportedly cut by a resident and the pole started swaying, causing the power lines to snap and fall on neighbouring houses. This triggered off panic amongst residents as the sudden disruption caused sparks. Luckily, the incident did not result in a fire.The neighborhood draws its power from the Waji Mustafa sub-station located in the vicinity of Ghouse Nagar. After the power line snapped, it disrupted power supply to around 5000 houses in Barkas division. Besides Ghouse Nagar, Ahmed Nagar, Hussain Nagar and Shadab Nagar were some of the other areas that were affected.Syed Haji, a resident of Ghouse Nagar locality said that the incident caused inmates of many houses to rush out in panic. \"The person who chopped the supporting tether was infuriated with the electricity officials for nailing it on his premises. We were lucky that a fire was averted,\" he said.Barkas corporator Mansoor Awalgi claimed that the resident had raised no opposition to the presence of the support wire when it was being fixed. Electricity officials arrived at the spot immediately and began restoration works.CPDCL officials said that restoration should take around two hours but until late Sunday evening the residents of the area were without electricity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17737450", "title": "Shiv Kapur crowned champion of Champions", "text": "NOIDA: \"Monkey is off my back,\" Shiv Kapur promptly declared after celebrating the end of a seven-year title drought. As historic monuments, zipping traffic, honking cars and the occasional Bollywood number provided the zany backdrop at the Noida Golf Course, two friends attempted to outdo each other but there could only be one winner. Kapur sealed a three-stroke victory over Daniel Chopra with a closing 7-under 65, and a total of 17-under.Indo-Swede Chopra, who had led the proceedings so far in another good chum Jeev Milkha Singh's invitational tournament, got to cut his birthday cake but he did not get the gift he wanted. Blame the friendly competition for it.Kapur, who also considers the 39-year-old Chopra as his childhood idol, was soon in the zone once the dense fog cover lifted.In a shotgun start at the Rs 60-lakh Shubhkamna Champions golf, it was the Delhi golfer who was fast off the blocks. On the first hole, Kapur sealed a birdie to draw level with Chopra, who dropped a shot. The two-stroke advantage was lost in a flash. \"I don't think I ever trailed once I levelled the scores. But I had to keep making those birdies because Daniel didn't give me the comfort.\"The alarm bells rang when he missed a short birdie putt on the 10th and suffered a bogey blip on the 11th. However, a par save on the 12th encouraged him. \"That was probably the turning point,\" he said. \"Back-to-back bogeys may have spoilt the momentum.\"More good cheer came on the 14th and on the 15th. He delivered a brilliant second shot from behind the bushes on to the greens - \"Something I learned from Daniel\" - and then converted a 25-footer birdie putt to take a two-shot lead. Chopra stumbled on the 16th and that put paid to his ambitions.The sizeable crowd greeted him with cheers on the 18th green. He could finally celebrate when he holed his par putt although a couple of spectators beat him to the winning ball. \"Winning is special. I have come close a few times but maybe, I put more pressure on myself. I have become more patient now that I have less hair on my head and getting older,\" said the 30-year-old, who finished eighth on the Asian Order of Merit this year and claimed a cheque for Rs 10.8 lakh this week.Jeev donates cheque to rape victimTournament host Jeev finished tied 11th and donated his cheque of Rs 1.62 lakh to the Delhi rape victim. \"She is a brave girl and all my wishes and prayers are with her,\" he said.Final scores: 199 (17-under)-Shiv Kapur 68-66-65; 202-Daniel Chopra (Swe) 64-68-70; 207-Gaganjeet Bhullar 67-67-73; 208-Jyoti Randhawa 68-73-67, Mukesh Kumar 68-71-69;. Selected scores: 212 (10th position)-Arjun Atwal 70-70-72; 216 (T11)-Jeev Milkha Singh 69-71-76.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17742280", "title": "50 Shades of Grey spoof outsells original", "text": "A clever parody of this year's most talked about racy novel '50 Shades of Grey,' has outsold the original in the past two weeks.'Fifty Sheds of Grey' - one of the dozens of satires published following the success of the 'Fifty Shades' trilogy, has sold 41,000 copies in the last two weeks, while E.L. James's book sold 29,000, the Daily Mail reported.Written under the pseudonym Colin Trevor Grey, the satire tells the story of a middle-aged man \"thrust into an illicit world of pleasure and pain,\" after his wife reads 'Fifty Shades.'The man finds himself caught between his wife's enthusiasm to try new things in the bedroom and \"the love between a man and his shed.\"The novel spawned from a Twitter account that used gardening-related euphemisms to mimic the plotline of the erotic trilogy.Grey, who has kept his identity a secret, has described himself as a Yorkshire-based author in his 40s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17736809", "title": "Denizens express solidarity with rape victim", "text": "KANPUR: Several students along with traders and members of NGOs gheraoed the house of Union Coal Minister Shriprakash Jaiswal on Sunday, demanding capital punishment for the six accused in the Delhi Gang-rape case. The angry protestors raised anti-government slogans and beat drums in a symbolic attempt to awaken the central government from its slumber.Despite the biting cold, the students led by Ridhima Gupta and Parul Awasthi, and traders led by Gyanesh Mishra raised slogans like 'Desh Ki Betiyan Kar Rahi Pukar, Ab Toh Jago Kendra Sarkar', and 'No Bail, Only Hang.' The women agitators said had the government been strict earlier, such a heinous incident would have never taken place. As the protests raged outside the minister's house, several Congressmen and supporters of the minister came out of his residence and asked the agitators to stop the protest. When the protestors paid no heed, the irked Congressmen reportedly entered into scuffles with the agitators.The protestors, emboldened by this, sat down on the road outside Jaiswal's house and raised slogans against him. The Congressmen asked them to hand over the memorandum to be given to them minister but the protestors refused to budge without meeting the minister. Later, police and PAC personnel reached the spot and convinced the agitators to leave. \"The copy of the memorandum was not handed over to Jaiswal due to his absence. Our demands are very clear and if they are not met, we will continue our protest,\" said Gyanesh Mishra, one of the agitators while talking to TOI.The students demanded speedy trail of the case and passing of a law in the parliament to give death sentence to rapists to set an example.Meanwhile, the city also witnessed a series of protests by other groups. Prominent city areas including Amar Jawan Chauk, Mahatma Gandhi Pratima and Rajiv Vatika saw the protestors assembling in great numbers, demanding immediate action and strict laws to curb crimes against women.Demanding justice for the 23-year-old victim of the New Delhi gang-rape, students of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University along students from other colleges took out a rally from Ashok Nagar to Rajiv Vatika at Mootijheel on Sunday morning. They also formed a human chain at Rajiv Vatika at the end of their march.Swati Sharma, a BBA student said, \"For a girl student, even in this city\u00e2\u20ac\u201d people are pinching you, touching you, coming close to you. This mentality where a woman is looked at as a sex object which is to be used and abused has to go.\" She also alleged inaction by the government in dealing with heinous crimes like rapes, reflected in the poor conviction rate.The students also expressed anger against the police lathicharge on students protesting against the gangrape in Delhi. \"If this situation continues in India, girls will feel increasingly insecure,\" a student said,a adding that college managements should consider teaching self defence to girl students.Several locals also lit candles at Amar Jawan Chauk as a mark of solidarity with the rape victim. Besides, a candle march was organized by members of UP Chandra Shekhar Azad People Welfare Association from Shikshak park on Sunday evening. Sumnit Singh, a member of the NGO said lapses in policing and judicial system were responsible for the spurt in crime against women.\"Our politicians are silent over the issue and such incidents are tarnishing the image of India. Unless the government okays strong punishments for crimes against women, women cannot move without fear on the roads,\" added Sumnit further.In this series of protests, members of a city-based women's club also took out a candle march from Shivaji Gate at Mootijheel to show their support to protestors in Delhi. \"It is frightening when people do such things to you ... eye-teasing, passing lewd comments and stalking. They literally rape you with their eyes,\" said Seema, a local.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17736195", "title": "It has been tough on Sachin &amp; his family: Former teammate", "text": "MUMBAI: Indian team members found out during Sachin Tendulkar's debut tour of Pakistan that he was a somnambulist. He would sleepwalk in the middle of the night. Twenty three years on, just days before retiring from ODIs, he was still waking up late in the night, at times even at 2 am. But he was wide awake, shadow practising! Such is his obsession with cricket.Sachin's ODI record | Profile:  Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar | In Pics:  Sachin's one-day journeySo, what prompted this tough decision to quit ODIs?Only those very close to him could gather the strength to even suggest to Tendulkar that perhaps it was time for him to shoulder arms to the shorter format of the game which he has been breathing since the day he took to the field at Shivaji Park as a 11-year-old.\"It's been tough on him and his immediate family. The call, though, has been his own and the timing too. You can take Tendulkar out of the game but not cricket out of him. The routine is still the same, the shadow practice at 2 in the morning is still happening, but for those savouring limited overs cricket, the greatest pleasure of seeing this man walk out and tear apart oppositions won't be there now. Let's respect his decision and relive the great moments that he's given us,\" said a former teammate and a close confidant of Tendulkar, requesting anonymity as a mark of respect to the batting great's decision.Just like the preparation mode - ahead of a match - was unique to Tendulkar, he seemed to have readied himself for giving up limited overs cricket in his own way. Even though his mind was still pushing him to test his boundaries, his body may have told him to save himself for Tests - maybe just a few more if not six that he needs to complete a tally of 200 matches.For a man who was challenged by career-threatening tennis elbow in 2007, the rebirth - after a painful 'sick' leave from the game of six months - has only seen him set one milestone after another.Having spent close to two months struggling to lift a cup of tea to playing a stroke with the bat, Tendulkar showed how dedication and daily practice could get you back to life.Months later, the man was back at his favourite Sydney Cricket Ground in 2008, smashing a lethal Brett Lee to all corners for a magnificent unbeaten 117 in the first final of the tri-series. He followed it up with a 91 in the 2nd final as India achieved their first-ever tri-series triumph Down Under.Then came the World Cup of 2003, when the scars of the 1996 semifinal at the Eden Gardens returned to haunt him. Later, injured fingers (thanks to the IPL) held him back from wielding those heavy bats in quest of glory in his fifth World Cup. But Tendulkar was ready, having used the time in the run-up to the mega event by setting up a mini-gym at home or spending more time in the pool. The foodie had also turned to boiled chicken and soup to be in shape in pursuit of his 'dream', which became a reality.Sacrifices have been a part of Tendulkar's life. This time he's chosen to give up ODIs for Tests. Those who think that's he's done and dusted, may do well to wait till March - when is likely to be back to play against Australia in Tests at home. The old brilliance may just be back, that one last time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17738005", "title": "Former woman IAS officer runs over 5-year-old boy", "text": "PANCHKULA: A five-year-old boy was run over by a speeding car, which was being driven by a retired female IAS officer of Haryana cadre, Parveen, on Sunday. The deceased has been identified as Sunny of Rajiv Colony, Sector 17. The incident took place at the dividing road between sectors 8 and 17.Accused Parveen, a resident of Sector 4, Chandigarh, has been arrested and released on regular bail from the court concerned. Sector-5 police station SHO inspector Ajay Rana, said the i20 car of retired IAS officer has also been seized.A case for causing death due to negligence was registered at Sector 5 police station. He said injured Sunny was rushed to Government Hospital (GH), Sector 6, but doctors declared him brought dead.Sunita Devi, mother of the deceased and a complainant, said Sunny was coming towards Sector 7 when he was run over by the speeding car driven by the retired IAS officer. Sunita is a housemaid and earns her living as a domestic help.The body has been handed over to the family members after postmortem examination. The deceased is survived by his parents and three other siblings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17738037", "title": "Chain snatcher hurls chilly at couple", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A motorcycle-borne youth threw chilly powder on a senior doctor couple during a chain snatching bid in the high-security Sector 24 area on Saturday evening. The doctor duo couldn't note down the number of the miscreant as the street lights in the VVIP area, which houses home secretary (UT) and some justices of Punjab and Haryana high court, were not functional at the time of the incident.Dr Anil Bhardwaj, 58, escaped the attack due to his spectacles, but his 55-year-old wife Dr Neerja Bhardwaj was not as fortunate. Dr Neerja, a senior professor with anesthesia department in PGI, was immediately rushed to the nearby house of eye specialist Dr Jagat Ram for treatment. The condition of Dr Neerja is quite stable now.Talking to TOI, Dr Bhardwaj said, \"We were on a routine evening walk and going towards Sector 15 around the VVIP area, and suddenly, I realized that a motorcyclist slowed down. In the mean time, my wife shouted that somebody had thrown red chilly in her eyes. The powder also fell on my shirt but initially, I thought something fell from a tree but I subsequently noticed a motorcyclist running towards the market.\"The area, in which we are residing is considered to be that of VVIPs, but streetlights are in a pathetic condition which encourages anti-social elements to commit crime, said Dr Bhardwaj, a private practitioner in Sector 44. Interestingly, a PCR gypsy immediately rushed to the spot after being informed by Dr Bhardwaj but they did not encourage the couple to lodge an FIR with the nearby police. No FIR was registered by local police even after 24 hours of the episode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17737237", "title": "ASI team devices new method to stop water seepage into Sonar Fort hill", "text": "JAISALMER: It is being said that the era of old things and methods is coming back. In earlier times, cow dung and multani mitti mixed with grass were used to build houses in rural areas. Now, a team of experts of archaeological survey of India (ASI) is using this mixture to stop the seepage of water into the hill on which the Sonar Fort stands. On the advice of ASI experts and with the help of local municipal council, a 20-feet-wide pit is being dug near the hill and this mixture is being applied on experimental basis. If the experiment is successful then the mixture would be applied on the slope of the entire mountain. On the other hand, the residents of Sonar Fort burnt the effigy of union art and culture minister Chandresh Kumari over rumours of getting the fort vacated.ASI Rajasthan head Vasant Swarnakar said the residents of the fort used to dump garbage on the hill for decades. Now the piled-up garbage is exerting pressure on the hill which is proving dangerous for the fort. Due to garbage the rainwater gets accumulated, which seeps inside the hill.He said to solve this problem, ASI experts have decided to spread the mixture of cow dung, multani mitti and grass on the entire hill. After the mixture dries up, it would act as a barrier and prevent water from seeping inside.In 1212, the Sonar Fort was built on Trikut hill. Due to seepage of water, the foundation of the fort is becoming hollow and the fort's walls are getting dilapidated.On the other hand, protests have started against the chemical treatment being done on the fort. Thar Heritage Museum founder Lakshmi Narayan Khatri has submitted a memorandum to the district collector demanding to stop the chemical treatment of the hill as it would spoil the beauty of Trikut hill which is the heritage of Bhati kings. He said that the mixture of cow dung and sand will not stop the seepage of water and it has to be applied every six months. Residents of the fort, too, have expressed their annoyance over this chemical treatment.Over the rumours of getting the fort vacated, the residents of the fort burnt the effigy of union art and culture minister Chandresh Kumari. When contacted, Kumari denied the rumour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "17738246", "title": "IAS officer on Kurukshetra spiritual odyssey", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: Capturing the profound sacredness of Kurukshetra in 110 pages and giving it a whole new perspective took six years of exasperating struggle and tribulation for Vijai Vardhan. But the harsh ordeal has been worth it. \"Kurukshetra -Timeless Sanctity\" stands out for its brilliant portrayal of a glorious and magnificent past that has shaped the collective conscience of most Indians. The book was launched on December 20 amid a select audience in Chandigarh.That an IAS officer is its author could be intriguingly enigmatic for many. But when you meet Vardhan, the brainteaser is laid to rest and stops ruffling you. Vardhan is not just drawn to mysticism, he has an extraordinarily passionate spiritual bent that carves his writings and thoughts replete with an unusual imagery and lyricism.Recounts Vardhan, \"I visited Kurukshetra for the first time in 1987 and found a strange stillness about it which I couldn't decipher then. As life progressed, I realized that it was a story waiting to be told. A former governor threw a challenge at me to write on Kurukshetra and I started researching on it.\"But Vardhan hit a series of roadblocks while collecting archival documents. He and his childhood friend, Atul Sharma who has clicked for the book and added liveliness to it, found it hard to source material as none of the universities in Haryana had anything on Kurukshetra. \"So, I went for primary sources and banked on non-historians as they are better history tellers,\" says Vardhan.Vardhan, currently principal secretary in Haryana tourism, read the Mahabharata, 13 interpretations of the Bhagavad Gita, Rigveda, Vishnu Puran, travelogue of Hiuen Tsang, Banabhatt's Harshacharitra and so on. His enriching experience and an honest attempt to tell Kurukshetra's story without falling into a trap of a particular school of thought reflects in the book's non-pedantic approach to deal with a highly sublime subject.\"Kurukshetra -Timeless Sanctity\" offers a chronological peek into the 'cradle of civilisation'. It traces the holy land's history from 600BC when the penance and sacrifice of king Kuru for Lord Vishnu led to its origin. Krishna, the Ultimate Man, his flute, conch and sudarshan chakra assume a novelty in Vardhan's creative excellence. While the author takes the route of legends to drive home that it was gopis' unconditional love which transformed Krishna, he depicts the backdrop in which the Lord delivered to Arjuna the eternal sermon of the Bhagavad Gita. While doing so, Vardhan also equates the sudarshan chakra with the atomic bomb and quotes J Robert Oppenheimer - the father of atomic bomb - who took refuge in the Gita when the destruction took place.'Sometimes it is nobler to wage war rather than shelter in one's cowardice and impotence behind the facade of peace'- Gita's message has been put in the book in a trite way and in a manner that is not esoteric.Kurukshetra is not just a metaphor of Indian spirituality but a confluence of many cultures too. And the book brings this to the fore as never before. It is the place where Mahabharata was fought, where Lord Buddha trod with his disciples and which was visited by Sikh Gurus, including Guru Nanakdev, Guru Amardas, Guru Hargobind and Guru Tegh Bahadur, during the solar eclipse. It also saw Sufism take roots and Sheikh Chaheli's tomb stands testimony to its date with this transcendental faith.\"It is no coincidence that Kurukshetra has seen a blend of beliefs. Every city has a distinct energy, a different vibe and connect. Kurukshetra was destined to be a merging place of faiths. If that was not true, it wouldn't have endured for so many years,\" points out Vardhan.An entire chapter has been dedicated to Bhishma's discourse on Rajdharma to Yudhishitra. There are two reasons why Vardhan has done that: one because he is an administrator himself and holds a spontaneous fascination towards the subject and second, a large part of Kurukshetra's character has apparently been driven by Bhishma's teachings on good governance. For Bhishma, there is no pilgrimage holier than the truth. And Vardhan experienced this reality when from being showered with accolades for his administrative excellence, he was cornered and \"given no work for no fault of mine\". \"It seemed Bhishma was speaking to me. It was so liberating,\" avers Vardhan.For the IAS officer who has also written Sufi Haiku, penning the book has broadened and deepened his insight into philosophy and spirituality. Anyone who reads it won't stay untouched by its intrinsic splendour and eternal, seamless piety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17736200", "title": "Shivraj Singh Chouhan demands amendment in law", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has said that provision of capital punishment must be incorporated for heinous crimes like rape.Rape, he said, is a more heinous crime than murder and a special session of Parliament should be convened for desired amendment.Chouhan was speaking during a discussion session with youths, students and parents of Bhopal city, who had come to his residence to submit a memorandum. Chouhan informed that a high-level meeting of officers was convened on Sunday to ensure effective prevention of rapes and eve-teasing.The chief minister said that he will review action-taken in cases every week. He also said that such incidents disturb people and awareness will have to be created in entire society against them. On the demand of girl delegates, he directed his officials to make special security arrangements in busy areas and public places of the city.Chouhan also asserted the strict drive of removing tinted screens from panels of car and that a decision to ensure drivers wear uniform and pin name plates on them had been taken. Youths and parents who had come to submit memorandum also put forth suggestions regarding prevention of various crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17736445", "title": "CBSE conference: New age learning techniques should fit the bill", "text": "INDORE: Various dimensions for making education more effective and mould the teaching techniques to contemporary requirements were the main topics of discussion on the second day of the three-day 19th national conference of Sahodaya School Complexes.Other topics discussed on the occasion included 'Leveraging Technology for learning,' 'Transformational pedagogies' and '21st century learning.'Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) is organizing the conference to focus on new age learning techniques. The board officials and the participating schools in the conference intend to change the teaching techniques with the changing times.On Day 2, the chairman of CBSE, Vineet Joshi, showcased interesting software, developed by CBSE, through which the learning curve of every student of the board can be mapped from 2007-till date.Highlighting the benefits of the software developed by the board, Joshi said, \"This survey will help assessing the performance graph of every student in order to understand the weak points of a child. We want to make sure that each and every child gets equal opportunity to learn and there are no prejudices in teaching.\"Speaking during the panel discussion on 'Transformational pedagogies', director - training and academics, Dr Sadhana Parashar said, \"Competence and collaboration is more important than competition. Each and every school should acknowledge that and work towards holistic development of all the students.\"On 21st century learning, principal, Apeejay School, Kolkata, Rita Chatterjee discussed the need to inculcate a learning of the newest technology among students in order for them to make positive use of the latest developments. The conference also saw innovative ideas shared by various schools on ways to incorporate new-age education system in daily schooling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17736669", "title": "Plan panel seeks national policy on beggary", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has admitted that the country lacks a national policy for beggars, but shifted the responsibility on states for their rehabilitation and preventing begging.Ironically, the Centre does not have any authentic data on the number of beggars in the country.\"Neither is there any specific central act on prevention of begging and rehabilitation of beggars, nor is there a clear policy on how the problem is to be tackled,\" the Planning Commission admitted in its 12th five year plan document to be cleared by the National Development Council on Thursday.In the same breath, the plan panel blamed states, saying \"states are responsible for taking the necessary preventive and rehabilitative steps\".The only official data available on the number of beggars is unpublished data of Census 2001. According to this, there were 7.03 lakh beggars and vagrants out of which 6.31 were in the non-worker category.The plan panel also conceded that there was no central scheme aimed at directly dealing with beggary.The commission said there was an urgent need to formulate a national policy to ensure uniformity of approach in dealing with the problem. \"There is a need to bring out a model central legislation on beggary which can be adopted by states,\" it said.It also suggested an integrated programme for rehabilitation of beggars. \"It would be desirable to address the problem in a holistic manner at the national level,\" the 12th plan document said.There has been a demand for a comprehensive and humane policy to deal with the problem of beggars as the existing state laws treat begging as a crime and punishable offence. \"There is urgent need to address the problem considering socio-economic aspects. Rehabilitation should be the focus, while existing beggary laws criminalize it,\" said a social activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-24"}
