{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15175045", "title": "Shia clerics to hold community\u2019s census", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to mount pressure on the state government to give more facilities and better representation to Shia Muslims, an organisation led by Shia cleric Maulana Kalbe Jawwad has decided to conduct a community census in UP. Besides the headcount, the census would incorporate elements of occupation, literacy, employment scenario, sex ratio and monthly income.Maulana Kalbe Jawwab said, \"The aim of this exercise is to assert for higher fund allocation in developmental schemes for minorities.\" According to Jawwad about 22% population among Muslims comprises members of the Shia community. \"Still, they do not get adequate political and social representation,\" he stated.If the cleric's claims are to believed, the number of Shia Muslims could be 79 lakh considering the estimated Muslim population of UP which is around 359.28 lakh. The exercise would be taken up by Majlis-e-Ulema-e-Hind from the second week of September. The format for information gathering is being finalised as of now. Regarding how the enumeration work would be undertaken, members of the organisation said, \"Shia clerics (called imam-e-juma) in various mosques in the state will be roped in along with anjumans (local Shia religious groups) for the census.\" There are some 5,000 imam-e-juma and an equal number of anjumans in the state, each of whom would look after the survey work in their respective areas.Maulana Jawwad, who is also the convener of this Majlis, informed that the agenda for the census was discussed in their regional conference in May and all the members agreed for a state-wide census to begin with. Though the format of the survey document is yet to be finalised, the Majlis aims to collect information on how many persons of the community are employed in government or private sector jobs and how many of them are self-employed. The localities having the maximum number of Shia Muslims will be identified and also the number of schools and colleges, including madarsas.Maulana Jawwad's opponents however say the cleric is eying a higher social status in the community before Lok Sabha polls. But, Jawwad denies the allegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15171755", "title": "Heavy downpour cripples life in East Siang", "text": "ITANAGAR: Incessant rain over the last few days paralyzed life in East Siang district of Arunachal Pradesh , causing waterlogging in several places, submerging link roads and thus, creating hardships for commuters. This is the third time that the district has been flooded due to incessant rain this summer. The torrential downpour crippled the entire region for the last four days, sources informed. The downpour also resulted in water logging at several places of Ruksin town and Ngorlung village. The rivers and streams flowing down the northern hills flooded the Mirem-Mikong Jonai PWD Road at several places between Niglok and Mirem. tnnThe water of the Ngorlung river eroded a large portion of the paddy field and bamboo plantation on its left bank in the Birem-Silbor area. It also eroded a large portion of the WRC irrigation channel, creating problem in Sali crop cultivation.Indian Metrology department reports reveal that upper Arunachal districts may experience excessive rainfall this month with the south-west monsoon changing its course.East Siang district situated on the right bank of the Siang river, has a tropical climate and receives rain from the south-west and north-east monsoon. Over 2,000 mm of rainfall is usually recorded from the month of July to September, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15175920", "title": "CM's talk on banning Goans from casinos has no buyers", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar may have announced in the state legislative assembly that the government will ban the entry of Goans and tourists below 21 years from entering casinos in the state.However, this has failed to draw any applause from the activists in the state who are calling for a complete ban on casinos in Goa. Anand Madgavkar of AamAadmi Aurat Against Gambling (AAAAG), a group opposing casinos for quite a while, said, \"All casinos in the state should be banned.\" AAAAG had in March condemned the decision of chief minister Manohar Parrikar to reduce the casino entry fee from 2,000 to 500 in Budget 2012. AAAAG's convenor Sabina Martins said, \"AAAAG's stand has been very clear. We want the government to revoke the amendment that permitted casinos in Goa in the first place.\" \"A crime is a crime, whether committed by Goans or non-Goans. And it is being committed on Goan soil,\" she added.Auda Viegas, president of Bailancho Ekvott, echoed this view. Viegas said, \"I think the whole policy on casinos should be changed. We have been crying hoarse that we don't want casinos in Goa in the rivers or in the hotels.\" She felt the ban on those below 21 years entering casinos will not work .\"If the government has not yet managed to prevent children from entering bars, how are they going to prevent people from entering casinos? No one carries their birth certificate with them. The government will not be effectively able to ban anybody from entering,\" said Viegas.James Kurien, an engineer, said,\"Casinos should be totally banned and not just this restricted entry, as it is a temptation for others.\" He added, \"Very often gambling becomes an addiction just like alcohol. Families have been destroyed because of gambling.\" Valmiki Naik, Goa coordinator of India Against Corruption , said, this may be a welcome first step but added that everyone should be banned from entering casinos. Naik also felt all the casino advertising from public property such as traffic barricades should be removed to reduce the temptation of visiting casinos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15179370", "title": "Volvo hits scooter, teenager run over", "text": "BANGALORE: An 18-year-old II PU student of Jain College was killed after a speeding Vayuvajra Volvo bus rammed his two-wheeler opposite Cauvery Bhavan on Kempe Gowda Road.B Anil Abhisheki, resident of Rajajinagar, was riding back home when the accident happened at 3.30pm on Thursday, Usloor Gate traffic police said: \"Anil was riding a Honda Activa-KA 02-HP-8051 and the BMTC Volvo bus driver rammed him from the rear. Anil fell on to the road and came under the bus wheels.The Volvo bus (KA 01-F-9560) was plying between Jayanagar and Bengaluru International Airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15174842", "title": "ND Tiwari moves SC for keeping DNA test report secret", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Andhra Pradesh governor and Congress leader N D Tiwari has rushed to the Supreme Court seeking to keep secret the results of the DNA test to find out whether he was the biological father of one Rohit Shekhar born to Ujjwala Sharma.In an application seeking clarification a day ahead of the scheduled opening of the sealed cover report by the Delhi High Court on Friday, Tiwari through advocate Anirudh Sharma requested the apex court to direct the HC not to reveal the contents of the DNA report.The SC had on May 24 ordered Tiwari to give blood samples for the DNA test to verify Shekhar's allegations that Tiwari was his biological father. The Congress leader had refused to give blood samples in compliance with the repeated directions of the HC, which is hearing the paternity suit.Tiwari said the trial in the paternity suit was underway and disclosure of the contents of the DNA test would prejudice his right to fair trial.\"As a former freedom fighter and as a responsible citizen of this country who has never faced any allegation of bestowing any favour on anyone for any gain and that since no criminality is involved in this case, the petitioner prays for his rights under Constitution and Civil Procedure Code be protected by directing the HC to keep the DNA test report in sealed cover till the conclusion of trial in the paternity suit,\" he said.Simultaneously, Tiwari has moved the Delhi HC seeking stay of single-Judge bench's July 20 order which said that the DNA report would be unsealed on July 27 in presence of parties and its contents made known to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15178563", "title": "Three of family drown in Jatni", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Tragedy struck a family in Jatni area after three of its members, including two children allegedly drowned in an artificial water body on Thursday.The deceased were identified as Pratima Mahapatra (60) and her nieces Papali (2) and Dipali (3) of Budhapada village in Jatni block. Police found their bodies floating in a pond of a stone quarry. Though the exact cause of the deaths was being investigated, police suspected that the trio drowned accidentally.\"Preliminary investigation did not indicate any foul play behind the deaths. It was an accident. The old woman should not have taken the children to the pond,\" said Jatni inspector Kishore Kumar Panigrahi said.A pall of gloom hung over the village soon after the tragic news reached the residents. \"We were worried when Mahapatra and children did not return till afternoon. Later they were found dead in the pond,\" Rabi Mahapatra, a relative of the deceased said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15174959", "title": "7-yr-old girl\u2019s body found near Gurgaon e-way", "text": "GURGAON: The body of an unidentified seven-year-old girl was found in the green belt of Delhi-Gurgaon expressway near Shankar Chowk, on Thursday.Police suspects that the girl was raped and then beaten to death. Cops are waiting for the postmortem report, which will be conducted on Friday.A passerby informed the police control room that decomposed body of a minor girl was found under the Shankar Chowk flyover. A team from the Udyog Vihar police station reached the spot.\"The victim seems to be of around six or seven years old. Her neck bone was broken and we kept the body in the postmortem house.We will be able to confirm anything only after the postmortem is conducted,\" said the SHO of Udyog Vihar police station Amarjeet Singh Kataria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15176369", "title": "No space for democracy in CPM: Expelled youth leader", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CPM leadership is arbitrary, non-transparent in decision-making and intolerant to criticism from its rank and file, alleged expelled youth leader Prasenjit Bose. Space for democracy, debate or dissent in the party has shrunk, he told TOI.A month after his expulsion for \"maligning the political line of the party\" on supporting UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee , Bose said, \"Since 2006, I have been raising various issues within the party.\" Between 2006 and 2010, he wrote six elaborate notes to the polit bureau about ranging from the trajectory of industrialization in West Bengal, SEZ (in Nandigram for instance) to the Indo-US nuclear deal.\"Instead of debate or discussion, I faced political hostility from the leadership for my views. What pained me were fabricated stories in a section of the media insinuating factional squabbles and that I was acting on behalf of certain party leaders,\" said Bose, who joined the CPM in 1992.The CPM is \"less than upfront\" in admitting mistakes. \"Instead of rectification, the party continues to repeat its mistakes,\" he said.Bose listed the CPM's mistakes since 2007: coercive land acquisition in Bengal, Nandigram police firing, allowing the UPA government to approach the IAEA with the nuclear deal and supporting Mukherjee, an advocate of neo-liberal policies that the party opposed.The tactical line of the party to drive a wedge between the CPM and the Trinamool Congress is not working as was evident in the just-concluded presidential election. \"Instead, it gives the impression that we are in a hurry to return to power in Bengal. Why can't the party take up people's issues and build up a movement?\" asked Bose, who, even after expulsion continued to say \"we\" while referring to the CPM.He cited two fundamental flaws in the CPM. \"It is unable to resolve the debate over its political direction affecting its credibility. Also, its organizational structure is archaic. The top-down decision making process and the leadership being dismissive towards criticism from below is harming the party,\" he said.The dissolution of the SFI unit in JNU was an example of \"draconian highhandedness\", he said while lamenting the CPM's disconnect with GenNext. Striving to open up a political dialogue with Left forces in the country, Bose did not rule out joining a Left political party, \"could be the CPM\" after five-six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15175328", "title": "Textile strikes cut off from record of labour paradise", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: While claiming \"best industrial peace\" compared to any other state of India, the Gujarat government's labour commissionerate does not count the strikes and lockouts which take place in the state's powerful textile sector.The refusal is particularly considered strange as the organized textile sector alone accounts for 2.30 lakh workers out of a total of 13.18 lakh in Gujarat. This does not include lakhs who work in the unorganized powerloom sector.Thus, the three-week-long strike in four textile mills of Ahmedabad in June, involving 6,000 workers, does not find mention in the official statistics on man days lost. The latest figures, obtained from the labour commissionerate, show that in the first six months of this year, just about 10,396 man days were lost in Gujarat. Labour experts say, if the workers' strike in the textile mills is taken into account, the actual man days lost in Gujarat would reach around 1.3 lakh, a tall order.Considering that the workers went on strike for 20-odd days, the Ahmedabad textile sector alone would account for 1.2 lakh man days lost. Labour expert Prof Vidyut Joshi said, \"This is apart from sporadic man days lost because of the refusal of large number of workers to work in Surat's small-scale powerloom sector, involving about 15 lakh workers. The workers there spontaneously stop work due to poor conditions. They are no ID cards. They are made to work for 12 hours.\"A top labour department official conceded that the 10-day strike in Surat in January 2011 involving a big portion of 15 lakh workers in the powerloom sector, was never counted as \"man days lost\".Giving reason for refusal to count the textile sector, state labour commissioner K N Bhatt said, \"This is because the textile sector does not fall under the Industrial Disputes (ID) Act but under the Bombay Industrial Relations (BIR) Act, under which all disputes are supposed to be handled by the trade union founded by Mahatma Gandhi , the Textile Labour Association, or Majur Mahajan.\"Trade unionists find the explanation strange. Belonging to Ahmedabad, Ashim Roy of the New Trade Union Initiative, said, \"An industrial dispute is an industrial dispute, whether it is in the textile sector or any other sector.\" Prof Joshi adds, \"While counting man days lost, government only takes into account registered trade unions. Thus, most of the small scale sector falls outside the purview of man days lost.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15174358", "title": "\u2018No clarity on accountability in draft medical insurance rules\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Draft medical insurance regulations by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) has no clarity on accountability, the Bombay high court was informed on Thursday.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing a public interest litigation filed last year by activist Gaurang Damani on medical insurance woes. The PIL highlighted the plight of nearly 7 crore consumers paying Rs 13,000 crore as medical insurance after Third Party Administrators (TPA) stopped offering cashless mediclaim benefits. It also focused on the absence of any kind of regulation to govern this industry. Subsequent to the court's order, IRDA in June 2012 published on its website draft regulations which will govern the medical insurance industry.Damani submitted that while the draft regulations are \"good\", some issues need to be addressed. \"There is no clarity on accountability if there is violation on any of these new regulations. Just like SEBI enforces a fine on an errant corporate house, there should be something similar in the regulations, so that accountability is introduced,'' he explained. He also said there is no mention in the draft regulations about the method for fixing package rates for different ailments. \"This was the primary reason this court was moved after the cashless facility was discontinued,'' said Damani.To a query from the judges, Damani replied that he has sent these suggestions to IRDA but has not heard from them. The judges said he must await final regulations of IRDA. But Damani said there is no final date or indication when the final regulations will be implemented.IRDA's advocate Paritosh Jaiswal said suggestions and objections have been invited to the draft regulations and will be considered accordingly. He said since the draft regulations are published, the PIL has achieved its purpose and must be disposed of. The judges have adjourned the hearing to September 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "15178186", "title": "Ex-Haryana minister summoned in cheating case", "text": "KARNAL: A local court has summoned Haryana's former co-operative and archeology minister Meena Mandal and three of her family members for cheating a woman resident of Jundala village in Karnal district.Additional chief judicial magistrate, Bhupinder Nath, has recently issued orders, asking the accused to appear before the court on October 22, the next date of hearing.The complaint against Mandal and her family members had been filed four years back when she was minister in the state government. The complainant, Santosh Devi, had alleged that Mandal, her husband Rajpal and his brothers Shambhu Ram and Jitender had extracted money from her to get her son in-law a government job. The petitioner also alleged that the accused had taken away her car which they returned after a long time. But, though they had paid lakhs of rupees for three government jobs, they did not get the jobs or their money.While denying the allegations, the former minister termed these as ''politically motivated''. \"I have not done anything wrong,\" said Mandal, adding that she had not received any summons as yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15176207", "title": "Now, CM to probe mural worth Rs 9L", "text": "PORVORIM: The issue of a three dimensional mural, commissioned at a cost of Rs 9 lakh, but now relegated to the stockmen training centre at Curti in Ponda, grabbed the attention of the Goa legislative assembly on Thursday.The mural, depicting a cow and its udders and also the horns of an animal, was first installed in front of the department of animal husbandry and veterinary services, Patto-Panaji. But it was subsequently removed because people found it offensive.But the problem is that the mural cost 9 lakh, and as chief minister Manohar Parrikar put it, is 5% of the total cost of the building of animal husbandry. The chief minister said that he would ask the secretary of animal husbandry for a report with all details of the mural.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15179345", "title": "BSY cracks down on ministers", "text": "BANGALORE: After asking the Jagadish Shettar's government to waive farm loans, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa wielded the stick again on Thursday, this time against his party ministers.Irked by the absence of ministers in the assembly, Yeddyurappa fumed and sought to know where the ministers had gone. \"I don't find them here (assembly) and have not heard of them being present in the legislative council. I suggest they be compulsorily present in either House,\" he said on the floor of the House.His attack on the ministers came after JD(S) leader H D Revanna said he would stop his speech as most of the ministers were absent. Following Yeddyurappa's suggestion, Shettar announced the loan waiver for farmers, citing severe drought.Speaker KG Bopaiah was also upset with the ministers' absence on Wednesday and warned them to resign if they cannot function as legislators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15171017", "title": "More help comes Santhi's way", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka Olympic Association president K Govindraj has announced that he will financially back embattled runner Santhi Soundararajan for the next three years. \"I will pay Santhi an amount of Rs 15,000 beginning next month,\" Govindraj told TOI. \"The amount will reach her on the first of every month.\"Govindraj said he was willing to review the monetary assistance to the Asian Games silver medalist after the three-year period. \"If she needs more we will very gladly provide her an enhanced amount,\" he said.Meanwhile Santhi, who has been forced to work as a daily wage labourer at a brick kiln in Kathakuruchi village in Pudukkottai district of Tamil Nadu, dispatched her certificates and other documents to Sports Authority of India, South Centre for further action.SAI will provide the athlete with an opportunity to pursue the NIS coaching course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15172760", "title": "Breach of trust case against Jet Airways", "text": "BHOPAL: The police have registered a case of breach of trust against the Jet Airways in the incident in which jewellery of a passenger went missing allegedly from the air carrier's Mumbai-Bhopal flight.The incident had taken place on July 17, but a case under sections of the breach of trust was registered on Wednesday evening, the police said.The police said a woman, Kala Mohan, had stated that her jewellery, including a chain and bangle costing around Rs 1.5 lakh, had gone missing from the flight while she was travelling from Mumbai to Bhopal.After she realized that jewellery was missing, she contacted the airport authorities and gave an application. The CISF personnel had forwarded the application to the Gandhi Nagar police station after which a case has been registered in the incident, the police added.The investigating officials confirmed that a case has been registered against the airways and investigation remains underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15174392", "title": "1.86 lakh water meters to be installed in slums", "text": "MUMBAI: After several hiccups, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) is gearing up to install around 1.86 lakh water meters in slums. Having burnt its fingers during previous attempts, the BMC this time will take adequate precautions.Because meters have a history of being stolen in slums, the ones to be installed will be very different from those installed in colonies. Tenders will be invited in a few weeks; the installation process will begin by the year-end.Confirming the development, additional municipal commissioner Rajeev Jalota told TOI, \"A three-member panel has been set up to look into the precautionary measures. There will be policy changes as far as meters are concerned. Changes will be pertaining to measures that will be taken for preventing the meters from being stolen.\"To tackle the menace of theft, the BMC is planning to change the quality of the meters that will be installed in the slums. \"We will be looking at meters that are cheap and robust. Unlike the meters installed in colonies, the slum meters will not have any resale value,\" said a senior civic official. \"Earlier, the meters used to be made of brass and so had high resale value. In all likelihood, the slum meters would be made of a material that will not have good resale value.\"A year ago, the BMC had scrapped the idea to install water meters in slums. Interestingly, the meters to be installed now will be non-automatic, unlike the meters in other areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15191394", "title": "Thin crowd at Team Anna fast, men misbehave with women journos", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna's indefinite fast against the UPA government entered the third day on Friday with crowds still keeping away from the protest site where some people misbehaved with women media persons.The crowd count was around 300 at 11am when Anna Hazare took the dais along with his close aides at Jantar Mantar. The protest site wore a deserted look with people seen only near the stage.Fasting Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal , a diabetic whose health condition worsened a bit, made a brief appearance at the dais while others like Manish Sisodia and Gopal Rai sat with Hazare.Another Team Anna member Kiran Bedi was not present. She tweeted, \"today in Pune for two prior committed speaking engagements. Perhaps a bit of a break of a different kind\".As Hazare took to the stage, some people misbehaved with media persons and even pushed them.After journalists complained to police, organisers announced that those indulging in such acts were not with the movement and police should take action against them.Organisers blamed the incident on miscreants who are out to disrupt the fast.Later, journalists identified a person who misbehaved with a woman media person and handed him over to volunteers.Two women journalists said that they were pushed by some men who misbehaved with them.Crowds have been keeping away from the indefinite fast raising questions as to whether the movement has lost its steam.In signs of differences, Hazare has refused to endorse his aides' attack against President Pranab Mukherjee.Hazare appeared not in sync with his close aides levelling allegations against Mukherjee, who was sworn in as the new President, when he congratulated him on assuming the highest constitutional office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15178750", "title": "Punjab\u2019s notification on beacon use to UT", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab traffic police on Thursday sent a copy of fresh notification on the use of beacons atop cars to their counterparts in Chandigarh.As UT cops were not well-acquainted with the notification of the state till now, many people were taking advantage of it and it was causing much confusion. To check it, three Punjab policemen were challaned for using blue beacons while entering Chandigarh at Mullanpur barrier, Mohali, in the last five days.In the changed notification, the list of those eligible to use beacons atop their cars has been reduced. Besides, it mentions that fresh stickers have been issued to all users. Many MLAs will now be given one sticker, instead of two, for using red beacon and many IAS officers have been deprived of the facility.Sources in state traffic police said, \"It was observed that a number of Punjab policemen and others were using beacons on state-registered vehicles in an unauthorized manner and Chandigarh traffic cops hardly acted against them as they were not acquainted with the fresh notification.\"Punjab IG (traffic) R P S Brar said, \"A fresh notification and a list of persons eligible to use beacons have been sent to UT SP (traffic) Maneesh Chaudhary. The state traffic cops are not authorized to initiate challan drives against the violators in UT.\"Many Punjab departments are located in Chandigarh and several of its bureaucrats and other officers reside here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15178586", "title": "BPO will provide jobs to rural youths, disabled", "text": "MANGALORE: To empower unemployed physically challenged youth and those in rural areas, a Bangalore-based software company is setting up Shachi Technologies, a rural BPO, at Surathkal, 16 km from here.The company, which will start functioning from August, will provide 50 jobs exclusively for needy rural youths and physically challenged. A pass in SSLC exams is the minimum qualification required to get a job in the company. Five techies will give two months' training on computers and various skill developments for selected candidates. Post-training, the candidates will work in non-voice process as data-processing executives during day shifts for a salary of Rs 6,000 with benefits like Employees State Insurance Scheme of India (ESI) and Provident Fund (PF).Shachi Technologies chairman Yatish Babu told TOI that many rural youths have not been getting jobs in cities like Bangalore due to lack of skills. The set-up in Surathkal is to provide IT jobs in rural areas and to prevent rural youths from migrating to cities in search of jobs.\"Besides unemployed rural youths and physical challenged, we will also provide jobs to poor college students, who are looking for part-time jobs,\" said Yatish, adding that salary for part-time employees will be Rs 3,500. The BPO, being eco-friendly, will use solar energy to save power. The government will provide Rs 10 lakh subsidy every year to this BPO, for its noble cause through Karnataka Biotechnology and Information Technology Services (KBITS), said Yatish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15175795", "title": "Goa Football Association taking Pro League to villages", "text": "PANAJI: The contrast is striking. In Goa, the Inter-Village football tournaments are major draws, but the Goa Professional League is struggling to get a toe-hold with waning crowds and relative lack of interest.The Goa Football Association could have now accidentally stumbled on a solution to make the Goa Pro League much more popular as the non-availability of stadiums for varied reasons has forced the GFA to look at the villages to host the Pro League matches.For a start, the GFA will test the waters by hosting the season-opening charity match between Dempo Sports Club and Salgaocar Sports Club at the Panchayat ground in Raia on August 15. And should the response be on expected lines, the villages will continue to be the laboratory to test professional success.\"Since this is our professional league, minimum standards have to be met. As of now, we have provisionally approved Raia and the competitions committee will have to take a final call on the other venues,\" said GFA president Shrinivas Dempo.Calangute's Poriat ground and the Cuncolim ground are being looked at venues that could host some of the Pro League matches.The Nehru Stadium in Fatorda and Tilak Maidan in Vasco will be out of bounds since the stadiums are being refurbished for the Lusofonia Games and I-League respectively. The GFA's own stadium at Duler, on the other hand, is non-operational due to the laying of the artificial turf. That has left GFA with no quality venue to host it's own league.\"Last year we tried the Poriat ground (in Calangute) and it worked well. We will have to take the experiment forward and look at other (village) venues to try and popularize the matches. We could then get an actual feel,\" said Dempo.The GFA's decision to increase the number of teams - initially opposed by the GFA president - was largely to popularize the league. Since village clubs like Calangute Association and St Cruz Club of Cavelossim stood to benefit, the members gave their nod of approval.\"We drew substantial interest in the matches (involving the promoted clubs). Our marketing agents, Procam International, are being kept informed but they have left the decision entirely to the GFA.\"The only problem is that the venues have to meet minimum standards. We have asked the SAG for help to improve these grounds or, alternatively, people like us and Salgaocar can take over these grounds, develop them and also use them for our team's training,\" said the GFA president.The Kingfisher Goa Pro League is expected to kick off on September 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15191133", "title": "Jagathy recognised me: Mohanlal", "text": "Megastar Mohanlal took time out from his hectic schedule to meet his co-star Jagathy Sreekumar at the Christian Medical College (CMC) Hospital in Vellore. Jagathy, who has starred in record number of Malayalam films, is recuperating at CMS after meeting with a terrible road accident in March this year. Jagathy suffered multiple fractures all over the body and was brought to the hospital in a grievously injured state.The accident has now left him completely paralysed on the right side. Left speechless after the accident, Jagathy is reportedly able to recognize his family members and close friends now. Emerging after meeting Jagathy, Mohanlal said that he that Jagathy would be 'okay' soon enough. \"Jagathy recognized me and I'm confident of him getting cured in the near future,\" said Mohanlal who was accompanied by Antony.Mohanlala and Jagathy have done a number of films together and Mohanlal's this visit has put an end to all the speculations about a tiff between the two.Source: filmglitz.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15174713", "title": "In-laws stab woman dead after brawl over water", "text": "NEW DELHI: A family stabbed to death their daughter-in-law for water. The 23-year-old woman had a tiff with her brother-in-law after she claimed it was her turn to fill a bucket of water, much to the dislike of the man who insisted that he needed to bathe first.The incident occurred around 8am at the JJ Colony in Wazirabad, northwest Delhi. The victim was Mumtaz. Her husband, Mukhtiyar, had tried to save her; but he was stabbed, too, and is in the hospital right now.Mumtaz had gone to fill water when she found her brother-in-law bathing. \"She requested him to stop for a while so that she could fill water. He refused and soon there was a verbal exchange. The brother-in-law was joined by his elder brother, Shakil alias Babloo, and his father, Roshan Khan; together, they started to beat the woman. Mumtaz cried out for help and Mukhtiyar responded.He managed to end the fight; but Mumtaz alerted the cops from a nearby PCO. Upon her return, the three men attacked her again, and this time right outside her house. Two of them held her tight while Shakil stabbed her six times. Mukhtiyar tried to intervene, but they stabbed him too,\" claimed Brij Kishore, a witness.Police rushed the two victims to the Babu Jagjivan Ram Hospital where Mumtaz was declared dead. Mukhtiyar is stable but has been kept under observation. Roshan Khan is also in hospital. \"We have nabbed all the accused and have many witnesses. We have also seized the murder weapon,\" said a senior police officer.Sources claimed that the argument over water was just a pretext; trouble had been brewing between the two families for a while. \"Cops are aware that the two families are involved in a property dispute,\" said a local who did not wish to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15177470", "title": "Urban lifestyle behind rise in mental ailment among male students, reveals study", "text": "RANCHI: Due to urban lifestyle, social networks and girlfriends around 2.32 lakh young male students have lost concentration and interest in studies forcing them to seek help of psychiatrists. In the last five-years a total of 2.34 lakh male students in the 14-22 age group visited the Ranchi Institute of Neuro-Psychiatry and Allied Sciences (RINPAS) here. As much as 90% of them have complained of zero concentration and loss of academic interest. Experts say it is a countrywide phenomenon which has affected the students' academic performance.While a majority of patients at RINPAS are from Jharkhand, others are from Bihar, UP and Chhattisgarh.Dr Jaya Prakash associate professor at RINPAS said on Thursday that boys get depressed when their efforts to impress a girl fail or their girlfriends ditch them or their peers ride costlier bikes and own smarter phones than them. Students of Class VII and above have started having girlfriends today, Because his mind is delicate, a young student gets depressed at the slightest of aberration in the relationship, said experts.In the last seven months RINPAS has treated 59,509 male patients. Almost 90% of them were in the age group of 14 to 22 years. RINPAS director Amool Ranjan Singh said, \"The boys are not venturing into the love world as an amateur. They even tend to have high expectations from their girlfriends. When things do not work out as desired they fall sick mentally.\"A senior mental health professional cited an example. \"A Class VII boy recently came with a complain of zero concentration. He told me that he lost concentration and interest in studies ever since his girlfriend, a classmate, started dating a richer guy (from their own class). It was after rounds of counselling that the boy finally regained his concentration and interests in studies,\" he said.Facebook is no less to blame. \"Facebook fuels competition as guys post snaps of new bikes, smart phones, photos of visits to posh restaurants and luxury cars bought by their parents. It severely depresses students from humble background. If not treated in time it may also lead to their becoming suicidal,\" said clinical psychologist Aditi Singh Sharma.Associate professor Dr K S Sengar said due to the new-age phenomenon students' brilliance is at stake. \"Preoccupied with it (Facebook, girlfriends, negative competition among peers), students ignore studies. It results in poor academic performance. This is also responsible for the increase in the number of suicide cases of teenagers after results are announced every year,\" said Sengar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15172075", "title": "Main accused in molestation case put in 5-day remand", "text": "GUWAHATI: The prime accused in the July 9 G S Road molestation incident, Amarjyoti Kalita, was put in five days police remand by the court of the chief judicial magistrate (CJM), Kamrup here on Thursday.The accused was produced before the CJM court on Thursday after the special investigation team (SIT) working on the case brought him to Guwahati from Varanasi on Wednesday. Amarjyoti, who was absconding since the incdent, was caught in Varanasi a few days ago.A large crowd had gathered in front of the CJM court to see the prime accused the mob molestation case that has rocked the entire country. Police had to construct barricades to keep the hundreds of people who had gathered at the court campus to see Amarjyoti at bay.In another breakthrough, city police arrested another accused in the July 9 incident, Rubul Ali from Baihata Chariali in Kamrup (rural) district, on Thursday.Police will now interrogate Amarjyoti regarding the molestation incident on July 9.The victim, a young girl, was molested for half an hour on the busy G S road in the city by a mob of men and the entire incident was filmed by a journalist of a local TV channel, who has resigned now. Later, police identified Amarjyoti through video clippings. He hails from Noonmati area of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15178330", "title": "Mysore needs jobs, infrastructure", "text": "MYSORE: Most Mysoreans want a mix of development and preservation. However, some feel promoting Mysore only as a heritage city is proving to be costly for its youth and those seeking opportunities.\"Very few companies provide large-scale employment though it churns out more graduates and skilled people than most other cities do. Mysoreans are forced out to move to other cities in search of quality jobs as very few industries set up shop here. It is good to know have the tag of Royal City, but the state needs to invest in tourism and other industries to generate more employment for the youth,\" says Girish Karunakaran, who heads the India and Nepal operations of SPI, an IT-services firm.\"There hasn't been enough job creation in the city to encourage mass migration. If Mysore grows into a cosmopolitan city, basic infrastructure needs to be put in place,\" says Tarun Giri, director of Siddhartha Group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15178642", "title": "HC stays admission at NIT, Rourkela", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Orissa high court on Thursday stayed the admission process at NIT, Rourkela. Justice Sanju Panda, who heard the petitions that among others challenged the new selection guidelines prepared by the Central Counseling Board (CCB), pronounced the interim stay before fixing the next date of hearing for Monday.\"The admission guideline is arbitrary and confusing and throws to the wind major conditions like merit and preference that went into considerations at the time of introducing the state quotas in NITs. The guideline also violates the Supreme Court judgment given earlier on such issues,\" said Pami Rath, counsel for one of the petitioners.The changed CCB guideline based on which admissions from out of the AIEEE rank list to NITs and other institutions are presently being decided has created widespread resentment amongst students and parents across the state. A number of petitions have been filed in the high court. The guideline raised suspicion when the authorities announced it just a day before the students were asked to start submitting online their choices of subject stream and institute.Speculation is rife that transparency and clarity were purposely ignored in the guideline ostensibly to benefit certain big coaching centres. A close look at the AIEEE rank list reveals that students from a few states account for most of the qualifiers, because quality of teaching to compete the all India examinations is not same in all states and more particularly few parents can afford to send their children to these big coaching centres.It is also feared that the guideline would lead to scores of seats falling vacant in NITs located in troubled states where parents from other states would hesitate to send their children. The NIT at Rourkela has been entrusted this year to handle the admission process. Though the NIT-Rourkela director, Sunil Sarangi, had earlier stated that the new guideline aimed at giving a national look to the NITs, few are willing to buy his story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15184178", "title": "Selva\u2019s dreams", "text": "It looks like the beautiful sceneries in Georgia have had some effect of filmmaker R Selvaraghavan. The director, who's there shooting for the Arya-Anushka bilingual Irandam Ulagam, has taken to micro-blogging like never before.He recently wrote about how he would love to adapt Ponniyin Selvan to the big screen. He said that his dream cast would include Jiiva, Vikram, Arya, Kajal Aggarwal and Nayanthara. Interestingly, he had another tweet where he'd mentioned Sonia Aggarwal in options, which he chose to delete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15171637", "title": "Rain forecast for Telangana coastal areas", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Met department has predicted widespread rain in Telangana and coastal AP over the next 48 hours.Weathermen said that the southwest monsoon has been active over west Telangana since Wednesday because of the upper air cyclonic circulation over northwest Bay of Bengal and adjoining areas of Orissa and West Bengal.Hyderabad may get moderate showers as per the forecast. \"The cyclonic circulation is tilting southwards. We are expecting fairly widespread rain over coastal AP and Telangana and scattered rain over Rayalaseema. Hyderabad may get moderate rainfall though,\" said Sudhakar Rao, director, Met department.Rao further said that there are chances of the cyclonic circulation intensifying into a low pressure.tnn It was low pressure that brought heavy rain last week in the city, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15171103", "title": "Jewellery shop partner held for 'robbing' his own shop", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Giving a dramatic twist to the robbery incident at the jewellery at Elathur near here, police on Thursday arrested one of the partners of the shop in connection with the incident.Nishad, son of Abdurehman, from Valappil, was arrested after he confessed during the interrogation that he removed the gold jewellery from the shop after gaining access to the shop in the night.Police found out that there were only 194 grams of gold in the jewellery and not 600 grams as claimed by Nishad. The gold was recovered from one of Nishad's friends, with whom he had kept in safe custody.Police said Nishad has been leading a lavish life, splurging money. He thought he could hoodwink his partner Illyaz by cooking up the story of robbery.Police had smelt a rat after the site inspection on Wednesday itself. Lock of the front shutter was missing and the person who robbed the gold accessed the safe using original keys. Nishad was the last person who left the shop at around 6.30 pm.Nishad tried to stick on to his version, but could not withstand sustained interrogation by the cops. Police recovered the lock of the front shutter from him.The 'robbery' was an embarrassment for the police because the shop was right in front of the Elathur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15180364", "title": "BSP supporters block highway, cane-charged", "text": "KANPUR: Tension prevailed in Harjindernagar in Chakeri where BSP supporters were cane-charged by PAC and police personnel when they tried to block Kanpur-Lucknow highway, following the damaging of the statue of former chief minister Mayawati near Ambedkar Park in Lucknow by the activists of UP Nav Nirman Sena on Thursday. The protesters, led by former MP Anil Shukla Warsi assembled near Harjindernagar and tried to block the highway. They raised anti-Samajwadi Party and anti-Akhilesh and Mulayam slogans. The police resorted to cane-charge on the mob. Several persons were injured in the lathi-charge.Warsi condemned the police action and said the BSP would continue the protest. Some 100 protesters blocked the highway. All the vehicles bound for Lucknow were forced to halt at Ramadevi crossing as part of the security measures.Several bus passengers were stranded till the agitators were dispersed by the police. The situation is now under control.BSP leaders demanded immediate arrest of the persons responsible for desecration of Mayawati's statue.Later, protests over the incident spread to few other localities in the district but timely action by the police prevented the situation from turning ugly. Meanwhile, security has been tightened across the city to prevent any untoward incident. \"The police and PAC jawans were summoned and the cops have positioned themselves at sensitive points to maintain law and order,\" DIG Amitabh Yash said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15179631", "title": "Idol smuggler reveals role of daughter, brother", "text": "CHENNAI: Idol thief Subhash Chandra Kapoor has spilled the beans about the role of his daughter and brother in smuggling idols out of the country, police officers from the CID's idol wing said. \"During interrogation, Kapoor confirmed that his daughter Mamta Kapoor and brother Ramesh Kapoor helped him steal antiques,\" a police officer said.\"They collected the antiques through Nimbus Incorporation Company in the US, which is run by Kapoor, and transported the consignments to other countries,\" he said.Preliminary inquiries revealed that Kapoor managed the accounts in order to avoid entangling his family members in the case. Kapoor was arrested by immigration officials at Frankfurt airport in Germany on October 30, 2011. He was extradited to Chennai on July 14 and is lodged in Puzhal prison.Kapoor, born in 1949, was involved in many cases of idol smuggling in the country especially from temples in Tamil Nadu, where he and his associate Sanjeevi Asokan, a notorious idol thief, hired two others to steal ancient idols. The gang plundered idols dating back to the 11th century from Arulmigu Sundareswarar and Varadaraja Perumal temples in Ariyalur district.Police say Kapoor also smuggled Buddhist artefacts out of Afghanistan. Kapoor, a US citizen who was born in Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh, set up an antique gallery in New York and also operated a website, www.artofpast.com, and a company, Nimbus Import and Export Inc, to sell antiques. The website was shut down after TN police alerted US authorities through the Interpol about the illegal sale of idols stolen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15175960", "title": "State-appointed panel to report illegal structures on fringes", "text": "PUNE: A three-member committee will survey illegal constructions on the fringes of Pune and other civic bodies and the state government will announce an action plan once the committee submits its report by August 15.MLAs representing the city and the district had raised the issue of rampant illegal constructions in the fringes bordering the city, recently. Speaker Dilip Walse Patil had asked the state government to form a committee. Accordingly, the state government on Wednesday announced a panel comprising principal secretaries of the urban development, revenue and rural development departments.Shirur MLA Ashok Pawar, who had started a debate in the state assembly earlier this week, said, \"The state government has promised concrete solutions to curb illegal constructions in the villages surrounding Pune city. Along with Pune, the committee will conduct a detailed survey of illegal constructions in the gram panchayat areas surrounding Nashik, Thane, Aurangabad and Nagpur municipal corporations.\"Revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat had admitted that illegal constructions around cities like Pune are a threat to planned development as these areas are slated for merger with the civic limits. Following Wednesday's meeting, district collector Vikas Deshmukh, who was also present, stated that the district administration would cooperate with the state committee, which is likely to visit the city next week.\"The city's population of about 33 lakh and Pimpri Chinchwad's 17 lakh, has increased the need for housing. It is high time that city has an integrated development plan, which will check the growth of slums and illegal constructions in the areas surrounding the city. The district collector must strictly implement the Development Control (DC) rules in a 10-km radius of Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal corporations to stem the chaos,\" former state urban planner Ramchandra Gohad told TOI.The scramble for affordable homes has led to rampant illegal constructions in the villages bordering the city where building plans are sanctioned by the gram panchayat. Town planners said that there is blatant violation of the 0.4 Floor Space Index (FSI) in the fringe and merged villages. In many cases, the panchayats have sanctioned an FSI of 8. Such violations were found in a 20 to 25-km radius from the PMC limits.The state governments move to appoint a committee comes against the backdrop of deputy chief minster Ajit Pawar directing the town planning department to revise the regional plan (RP) for the Pune Metropolitan Region (PMR), by next year.Pawar recently said that the state was concerned about the haphazard growth in Pune region in the past decade. The existing regional plan was drafted in 1990. However, the ground situation has changed drastically. It is not able to cope with the rapid pace of changes in the region. Hence, the town planning department should start collecting inclusive data and prepare a new regional plan, Pawar directed.Town planners and experts insist that any changes in the regional plan and its effective implementation would depend on PMRDA, which must go functional first so that the regional plan can be implemented. Pawar did not say a word about the PMRDA going operational. The PMR, spread over 1,340 sq km in Haveli taluka, was defined in 1967 and comprises Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad, the three cantonments of Pune, Khadki and Dehu Road, and close to 100 other census towns and villages.Unhappy politicians from the city and urban planners have questioned the committee's motive and sought the immediate functioning of the Pune Metropolitan Development Authority (PMRDA) to curb illegal constructions and pave the way for integrated development of the region.BJP city unit chief and corporator Vikas Mathkari said, \"Announcing a committee will not curb the illegal constructions. The state government is already aware of the number of illegal constructions. The state needs to act against them. The proposal for the merger of surrounding villages in pending with the PMC's city improvement committee and meanwhile massive construction is coming up in these villages. It would be difficult for the civic body to provide basic infrastructure to people in these villages when they merge with the city limits.\"Congress corporator Aba Bagul said that the only solution to curb illegal constructions in the fringes is to functionalise PMRDA. \"The district collector and the civic body have their limitations in carrying out anti encroachment drives in the surrounding villages. Once PMRDA is in place, this issue could be resolved,\" he added.In April, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had said a final decision on PMRDA would be taken within three months on the basis of recommendations of a study group. According to government officials, one of the reasons for delay is the difference between the Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) over the leadership of PMRDA.While the Congress camp wants Chavan, who heads the MMRDA, to hold the chairmanship of PMRDA, the NCP camp is pushing Pawar's name for the post.Times ViewThe indiscriminate construction activity on the fringes of Pune and other cities should be checked before it gets out-of-hand. Once the state government-appointed panel submits its report on illegal constructions on the outskirts of growing cities, there must be some active deterrent. Planned development will be near-impossible if the merger process of 25 villages with the Pune Municipal Corporation is delayed any further. Till then, the collectorate must be given adequate manpower, police protection and the machinery to act against illegal structures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15178709", "title": "Woman, 10-yr-old son killed in wall collapse", "text": "DHARWAD: In a tragic incident, two persons were killed on the spot after the wall of a compound collapsed at Saraswatpur area in Dharwad on Thursday morning.The deceased were identified as Sharada Goudar, 50, and her son Sanganagouda, 10. They were staying in an outhouse of the compound, which was said to be in a dilapidated condition. Due to the rainfall in the last three days, the wall was damp, which weakened it further.The incident occurred when both Sharada and Sanganagouda were plucking flowers from the compound. The wall suddenly collapsed and the duo came under the debris. Before the two could be rescued, both the mother and son had succumbed to suffocation. Sharada's husband and daughter were away at the time of the mishap. Vidyagiri police rushed to the spot and with the assistance of military personnel took out the bodies from the debris. A case has been registered at Vidyagiri police station. Mayor Panduranga Patil visited the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15171534", "title": "New Hindon bridge on National Green Tribunal's radar", "text": "NOIDA: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) on Thursday directed the Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA) and Uttar Pradesh irrigation department to personally visit the Hindon River and find if debris or waste material have been dumped into the course of natural flow of the river. The directions come after a case involving allegation of dumping of debris into the Hindon at the site of an under-construction bridge in Ghaziabad came to light.The tribunal directed the GDA and the irrigation department to remove dumped material, if any, and file an affidavit on the action taken by the next date of hearing scheduled on August 28. The principal bench of the green tribunal passed these orders on Thursday while hearing upon a petition filed by environmentalist Vikrant Sharma of Rashtriya Jal Biradari, an NGO. The environmentalist has opposed construction of an artificial embankment at the spot where the river meanders alleging that it would obstruct the natural flow of water besides inundating a nearby village.The under-construction bridge, consisting of artificial embankments that would serve as approach roads to a pillared bridge, would join the NH-58 bypass with Loni Road in Ghaziabad across the Hindon. The project is being jointly developed by the GDA and UP irrigation department.\"Despite an order given by the tribunal in April 2012 prohibiting dumping of waste and debris into the river, such activities have not come to a halt,\" said petitioner Vikrant Sharma. \"The embankments too have been extended well into the natural course of the river thereby posing the threat of floods to neighbouring Karhera village,\" added Sharma.The petitioner had filed two applications in the green tribunal alleging dumping activities in the river. \"We had filed an application for punitive action against GDA and the irrigation department because dumping has not been halted,\" said advocate for the petitioner, Deepesh Chaudhary.Though Rashtriya Jal Biradari has been opposing the construction of the bridge on environmental grounds, the authorities have throughout maintained that the project and its drawing have been designed by experts and approved by IIT-Delhi. \"From RTI queries we have learnt that IIT-Delhi never carried any consultancy work for this project. Hence, we have also filed an application under Section 340 of CrPC for initiating action against the respondents for commission of perjury,\" added Chaudhary.Counsel for GDA, Krishnanand Pandey, said that in compliance with the tribunal's orders, he would undertake a personal supervision of the site with the advocate of the irrigation department and file an affidavit within three weeks. \"If it is found that there have been dumping, the matter would be referred to the irrigation department, which is in charge of construction work, to clear the debris,\" said Pandey.The irrigation department has maintained that the 180m span of the pillared bridge is well above the width of the 100-m waterway and that there has been no dumping or construction activity within the course of the river. \"Allegations of causing threat of flooding to the nearby village are also not grounded on facts because the Hindon barrage which is located 2.5km downstream can be opened to discharge excess water during heavy flows,\" said a senior engineer of the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15177040", "title": "Gujarat being repeated in Assam: JD(U) MP", "text": "PATNA: National president of All India Pasmanada Muslim Mahaaj and JD(U) MP Ali Anwar Ansari on Thursday levelled serious allegations against the Assam government saying what happened in Gujarat was being repeated in Assam. The MP said that like Gujarat CM Narendra Modi was responsible for whatever happened in Gujarat, Assam CM Tarun Gogoi should be held accountable for violence in his state.Ansari alleged that more than 100 Muslims had been killed while thousands of houses were gutted and lakhs of Muslims are living at relief camps after incidents of loot and violence. He said while Gogoi is not ready to take responsibility of this violence, Home Secretary and senior Congress leader Digvijay Singh have given a clean chit to Gogoi. Ansari quipped that Singh, who claims to be a well-wisher of Muslims, had himself said that any CM had the power to stop riots within 24 hours.Ansari also alleged that not only the army intervention was delayed in Assam, but even after the army being called, it was deliberately not deployed in the affected areas. He demanded that the disturbed area be handed over to army and that more men of the minority committee be recruited in the police force. He said that like the Congress was wiped out of power after Bhagalpur riots, it will again be defeated after Assam violence. He said that his attempts to meet the Prime Minister and Home Minister did not materialise as he got no invitation from either of two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15191821", "title": "Ashok Kheney to contest in next elections!", "text": "The flamboyant businessman Ashok Kheney who is also an actor, producer and director of films in Kannada and one in Hindi has now announced to contest the Assembly elections in 2013. Ashok Kheney is presently producing a rich Kannada film titled 'Neene Bari Neene'. Deepak Thimmaiah is the director of the film.The arch rival of former Prime Minister HD Deve Gowda, Ashok Kheney is picking up a far off Bidar district for his election contest.It may be recalled that Ashok Kheney, business magnet and social servant launched 'Karnataka Makkala Paksha' sometime ago. He is contesting in at least 100 seats of 224 Karnataka Assembly seats. \"Making money is not my motto but serving people is my main motto,\" he says.Looking at the problems of Bidar agriculturists who are at the tip of Karnataka, Ashok Kheney announced to use the Israel technology to ease the problems of the agriculturists.Source: filmglitz.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15174818", "title": "Two held for robbing cop, snatching firearm in Old City", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two men have been arrested by the central district police for allegedly robbing a constable who was working as a PSO for an important witness.The weapon has been recovered from the accused, Imran and Izaz, along with five rounds of ammunition, police said. The constable has been identified as Gyani Ram.\"We have arrested the accused from the Walled City and plan to arrest more soon,'' said Neeraj Kumar, Delhi police commissioner.Talking to Times City, additional CP (central) Devesh Srivastav said both the accused had stolen the pistol during the Subhas Park rioting incident. Imran is a hardened criminal with three cases against him \u2014 a kidnapping and sodomy case registered against him at the Jama Masjid police station, a case of robbery at Usmanpur police station and an accident case at Daryaganj. Imran was currently running a Kebab shop and a taxi service, while Izaz was staying at Mongolpuri and was running a printing press in the Walled City.Meanwhile, Delhi Police has made a U-turn on their statements regarding the riots. Earlier, the cops had claimed in a statement that no local people were involved in the incident. However, commissioner Neeraj Kumar told media on Thursday that they are looking at the role of local leaders and their supporters in the case. \"We do not want to hurry with the arrests but cases have been registered against local leaders,'' Neeraj Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15179272", "title": "Govt moves to clip guv's powers as chancellor", "text": "BANGALORE: The ruling BJP and governor HR Bhadwaj are at loggerheads yet again. The Jagadish Shettar government is considering a proposal to strip the governor's powers by amending the Karnataka Universities Act, 2000.Higher education minister CT Ravi, a hardcore RSS follower is engineering the draft to vest the powers with cabinet or legislature, in sync with a law which prevailed before 2000.\"The governor has rejected the government's recommendations against some vice-chancellors' alleged malpractices. The government has absolutely no power to take action against erring vice-chancellors, so an amendment is being drafted,\" sources said.The Act gives the chancellor (governor), sweeping powers in appointments, punishment and dismissal of V-Cs. Currently, the search committee submits to the state government names of three eminent academicians, which in turn will forwards them to the chancellor.The governor keeping in view merit, equity and social justice and with the concurrence of the government appoints one person as V-C from the panel of names. Besides dismissal, the governor can nominate five members to the syndicate -- the highest decision-making body and also decide on change in syllabus as well as disciplinary proceedings.When contacted Ravi said he wouldn't like to comment as the legislature session is in process.GOVT-GUV SPAT* Former higher education minister VS Acharya mooted the idea of clipping the governor's powers but that was done away with. This attempt made Bhardwaj accuse Acharya of creating a 'fresh constitutional crisis in the state'.Acharya wrote a letter to the governor in October, 2010 expressing his displeasure over the appointment of BH Walikar as the V-C of Karnatak University without the state government's concurrence. The government wanted SB Hinchageri to be appointed. Taking exception to Acharya's two letters, Bhardwaj complained to Yeddyurappa against his cabinet colleague.* Exercising his powers as chancellor of all state universities, Bhardwaj snubbed the government's move to protect sitting vice-chancellors from appearing before legislature committees. The legislature committee demanded summoning of V-Cs of Bangalore University, Kuvempu University and Karnataka State Women's University (Bijapur) over delay in submission of annual and audit reports. The higher education department, which didn't favour summoning of V-Cs before the committees, sought the intervention of the chancellor to protect the \"prestige and dignity\" of the V-C's office.* Action against Visvesvaraya Technological University V-C H Maheshappa, accused of malpractice, is pending. The Karnataka High Court, disposing a PIL seeking Maheshappa's removal, observed that it was for the chancellor to consider the matter.* Bhardwaj failed to take action against former Mysore University V-C Shashidhar Prasad despite the Justice Rangavittalachar Commisson's recommendation to initiate action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mandya/ mysore", "code": "15178523", "title": "Women's panel to take care of Kavya", "text": "MANDYA/ MYSORE: Kavya, who was molested on the Bangalore-Mysore train on Tuesday, will be discharged from the hospital in two or three days.Dr K M Shivakumar, medical superintendent of Mandya Institute Medial Sciences, told TOI that Kavya will be discharged after consultations with the chiefs of surgical and orthopaedic departments. \"As of now she is out of danger, but we are closely monitoring her health,\" he said.Meanwhile, chairperson of the Karnataka Women's Commission, C Manjula assured Kavya that the government would take responsibility of her and would provide her asylum in a government-run destitute women's home.Speaking to mediapersons after visiting Kavya at MIMS, she said it was the government's duty to take care of her as she was an orphan. \"She told me she was abandoned by her relatives after her parents died five years ago. So, we decided to keep her in government women's hostel in Mysore. We have already started counselling for her. We must ensure her that she is not alone and we are with her,\" she said.To a query, Manjula said she would hold a meeting on Saturday with railway officers in Mysore to discuss security measures inside trains.In Mysore, members of Samata, a women's forum, complained that many women commute between Bangalore and Mysore on a daily basis and do not have enough security.\"We demand the government to reserve extra bogies for women and provide them with security personnel,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15175078", "title": "Jealous mentor squealed on me: Abu Jundal", "text": "MUMBAI: Jealousy, ego and competition within the terror group led to the arrest of Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal in Saudi Arabia last month, sources said on Thursday. Jundal, who has been in the Mumbai crime branch's custody for a week, believes his mentor Fayaaz Kazgi tipped off security agencies about his presence.Jundal said that prior to 26/11, Kazgi, a senior Indian in the Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT) camp in Pakistan, had a problem with him. \"According to Jundal, though he and Kazgi trained two dozen youths chosen for the Mumbai attacks, two weeks prior to 26/11, main handler Zaki-ur-Rahman Lakhvi gave a lot of importance to Jundal, which irked Kazgi. In fact, he had arguments with Lakhvi and left the camp,'' the sources said.He said Kazgi went missing, and was not present in the makeshift control room in Karachi, from where he and five other Pakistani handlers monitored the Mumbai attacks. He said he was praised by his bosses for handling the 26/11 operation, which got Kazgi more jealous and their relationship turn bitter. \"Jundal says that somebody very close, may be Kazgi, has done 'mukhbari' (tipped off the Saudi police),'' said an officer.He said that after pressure from the Pakistan government following the Osama bin Laden operation by US Navy Seals in Abbottabad, Pakistan, he was told to move to a safer place in Saudi Arabia. In March 2012, Jundal shifted with a Pakistani passport in the name of Riyasat Ali, provided by LeT operatives.\"Jundal says a man in Saudi Arabia had promised him a Saudi Akama (a nationality card) in one-and-a-half months, and he was planning to call his wife Mariam and their daughter there. But in early June, the Saudi police came knocking at his door and he was taken into custody,'' the officer added.Interestingly, Kazgi who also hails from Beed, was Jundal's mentor along with Aslam Kashmiri, who is in jail in connection with the Aurangabad arms haul case. Kazgi, the sources said, moved to the Riyaz Bhatkal group and is wanted in the Pune German Bakery blast case. Investigators have also got leads on Kagzi's life in Saudi Arabia from Jundal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15173400", "title": "SC cancels Abhijeet group's iron ore mining licence in Jharkhand", "text": "NAGPUR: A note on Abhijeet Group's website states that it 'firmly believes' in consistent availability of raw material from captive sources as it has a 'major impact on commercial viability of any industrial project'. On Thursday, city-based Abhijeet Infrastructure Ltd (AIL) suffered a setback after it lost a captive iron ore source as the Supreme Court cancelled the company's mining licence in Jharkhand.The mining area allotted to AIL in 2006 had been reserved specifically for state-run mining companies, following which the Jharkhand government withdrew the licence. AIL was one among a group of mining companies that were granted licenses in 2006 to mine at Ghatkuri Hills, the second largest deposit of iron ore in Jharkhand.VS Garg, a senior executive of Abhijeet Group, said, \"Jharkhand government had revoked licence of total nine companies but only six approached the High Court against that decision - which ruled in the state's favour. Then we approached the apex court and now I have been informed that our appeal has been dismissed. But we would refrain from any further comment since we are yet to receive copy of the order.\"The companies were given licences for mining in a total area of 2,590 hectares, of which AIL was allotted around 400 hectares. The state then sent the decision for confirmation to centre. A 1969 central government notification had reserved mining in Ghatkuri Hills for public sector units and hence the licences of all companies were revoked. The companies approached the Jharkhand High Court which agreed that only state-run companies could operate in Ghatkuri Hills area.Abhijeet Group has been planning IPO of its power subsidiary and in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus (DRHP) had mentioned about the Jharkhand case. The DRHP said a \"writ petition had been filed (in SC) against the decision of the Government of Jharkhand to withdraw the grant of mining lease given to AIL for mining of iron ore for captive consumption and reserving the right to exploit the same only by public sector.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chirang/kokrajhar", "code": "15171384", "title": "Relief material in short supply at camps", "text": "CHIRANG/KOKRAJHAR: Scores of violence-affected people continued to pour into Dhubri district bordering West Bengal in western Assam even as the situation in Kokrajhar and Chirang districts showed signs of improvement on Thursday. The Muslim-dominated Dhubri is outside the jurisdiction of Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC), where Kokrajhar and Chirang are located. More than one lakh people, mostly Muslims from Kokrajhar, have already taken shelter in various relief camps in Dhubri and many more are still entering the district to escape further violence in BTC area.\"People from violence-hit places of BTC are still coming to various relief camps in Dhubri district in large numbers. They are entering Dhubri with a feeling that they will be safe in case fresh violence breaks out in BTC,\" said All Assam Minority Students Union (AMSU) adviser, Abdul Aziz. \"With the number of the people taking shelter at camps increasing, relief material i is running out fast. We have demanded the administration to step up distribution of relief items. Moreover, many social organizations are not being able to assist in distribution of material because of the curfew,\" Aziz added. Curfew in Dhubri was relaxed from 3pm to 10pm on Thursday.Ganesh Chandra Kalita, Dhubri deputy commissioner, said 90 relief camps have been set up with 1,23,000 people taking shelter in them. He said more relief camps would be set up as the number of inmates increasing. Dhubri got entangled in the violence after hundreds of houses were torched by miscreants over the last three days.Meanwhile, situation in Chirang district has improved and curfew was relaxed from 12pm to 4pm on Thursday. Chirang deputy commissioner U N Bora said that army flag-marched in sensitive areas and three companies of BSF have been deployed in the district on Thursday. \"Situation is showing sign of calming down. We are hopeful that the situation will improve further on Friday,\" Bora said. However, there was one incident of arson reported in the district on Thursday. \"The incident took place at Garubhata area of Chirang district. Miscreants could not cause much damage as fire brigade and security forces reached the spot promptly,\" Bora added.In Kokrajhar town too, curfew was relaxed from 8am to 12pm on Thursday with the district showing signs of normalcy. The ethnic violence in Kokrajhar and Chirang has left 41 people death including five in police firing. Nearly two lakh people in 400 to 500 villages in the two districts were affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15175042", "title": "Maoist suspect assumed to have fled found sleeping for three days", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Officials of the Ahmedabad crime branch launched a sleepless manhunt when a man they had detained on the suspicion of being a Maoist disappeared from custody despite a three-tier security ring. The Gaekwad Haveli premises in the Jamalpur area, where the crime branch office is located, was the venue of anxiety-ridden drama for more than a day.Sources said that police had recently nabbed one Vijay Nepali for his alleged Maoist links. With a circular from the director general of police's office warning that Maoists were looking for ways to infiltrate Gujarat, the detainee was a prized catch.The suspect was interrogated for a few days. According to norms, he was kept handcuffed to a wall in a room along with some others. However, one morning when the staff shift changed, cops were baffled to find one inmate missing when they carried out the routine headcount. The missing person was none other than Nepali. The most astounding thing was that the handcuffs were intact and secured to the wall. What puzzled the cops was Nepali's disappearance despite the tight 24-hour security.This led to a commotion within the ranks of the crime branch. After a frantic but futile search, it was eventually decided that a special task force would be formed to search Nepali. Amid peaking tension, Nepali made an appearance all of a sudden, 36 hours after being reported missing. Coolly, he requested the cops for some food, saying he was very hungry.The officials were relieved to have found him but also wanted to know where he had vanished. Nepali explained that he had wanted to lie down as he was very sleepy and had managed to slip his hand out of the cuffs. He said that he had gone on to climb a shelf that had been built above the chamber meant for the police inspector. Since he was very tired, he did not wake up for long.The embarrassed cops are not willing to talk about this vanishing act. Instead, they have promised to further enhance security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15177384", "title": "All India Council for Technical Education to blame for poor pass percentage", "text": "COIMBATORE: As many as 16 engineering colleges in Western Tamil Nadu have a pass percentage of 35% or lower. In fact, in one Salem-based college the pass percentage was below 10%. Academicians blame the sorry state of affairs on the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), the top most statutory body for technical education in the country.They say that even though the quality of the engineering colleges is suspect, the AICTE keeps approving them. \"It is really a pitiful situation. Students are the ones who stand to lose the most. For everybody else, it's a win-win situation. The AICTE doesn't care for the quality of the colleges. Money is exchanged and education in the country has become a commercial affair,\" said a senior academician.\"We have been asking the AICTE to stop approving new colleges. Many colleges are little more than sheds. They should take a look at the infrastructure and faculty before approving new institutions. Now the academic results are there for everyone to see,\" he said.He also pointed out that 40,000 to 50,000 seats will go vacant after the counselling that is going on in Chennai. Reports show that 40% of candidates did not show up for single window counselling. \"Most of these students would have gone for the management quota seats in private colleges after paying exorbitant amounts,\" said former vice-chancellor of Anna University and Planning Commission member E Balaguruswamy.In Tamil Nadu, 140 institutions were served show-cause notices last year and four were debarred from admitting students. As many as 71 colleges have been issued show cause notices. The AICTE has clarified that this is not a punitive but a corrective measure asking the colleges to shape up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15171506", "title": "Top cop claims Delhi not unsafe", "text": "NEW DELHI: A series of murders might have shaken the capital on Tuesday but Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar on Thursday rejected the allegation that the capital was unsafe. Police can prevent murders where the motive is robbery but killings that take place due to personal reasons are difficult to avert, the top cop claimed.Two women, both senior citizens, were stabbed to death in Rohini on Tuesday. A man also killed his father on the same day in Nizamuddin in south Delhi over his alleged abusive behaviour.Kumar said senior citizens in the capital registered with Delhi Police would soon get identity cards. \"A senior citizen complained to me that they don't have any identity card and that it is a problem for them. We have decided to issue identity cards to every senior citizen registered with us. The job will be completed in the next one-and-a-half months,\" he said.However, Kumar asserted, \"The suggestion that there is lawlessness is not correct. Law and order is under control in every sphere. At the same time, a lot more needs to be done.\" He added that police had identified inter-state gangs and snatchers are main reasons behind the majority of crime in the capital.The commissioner said he would meet the DGP of Haryana before Independence Day to chart out ways to counter gangs that are targeting Delhi but based in Haryana. On the Mewati gangs becoming a threat, Kumar said cops were trying to identify the villages from where these gangs came and map their routes.Kumar added, \"The crime branch has prepared a list of snatchers and we are trying to figure out which areas of Delhi are most crime prone.\" He also highlighted the number of arrests made after he took over on June 30.On Wednesday's accident that had killed a student aboard a school bus, Kumar said police would take strict action against people who would not implement the safety standards set by the Supreme Court on such buses. \"We will go into details of such cases and take action. Traffic police will look into the issue of school buses speeding and we will discuss the issue with principals as well,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15172939", "title": "Two medical students\u2019 US courses in jeopardy", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC came out strongly against delays in results or issuing certificates by universities while hearing the petition of two lady doctors whose admission to the prestigious Yale and Cornell universities are in trouble as the Maharashtra University of Health Services (MUHS) insists that they will get their final degree certificates at the convocation ceremony in April 2013. \"Something has to be done in such cases to help students,\" said a division bench of Justices D Y Chandrachud and R D Dhanuka.The court has told the two newly-graduated doctors to be present for the next hearing on July 30. \"Write to the colleges and ask them what documents they need. We will tell MUHS to consider the request,\" the judges added.During the hearing, Justice Chandrachud mentioned his personal experience about his son, who is studying at Oxford University. The judge said that the college emailed the marksheets to his son few weeks after the academic year had concluded.Dr Rutuja Kattar and Dr Tanaya S had passed their final MBBS examinations from MIMER Medical College in Talegaon, Pune, and Grant Medical College, Mumbai, respectively in July 2010. They completed their internships in July 2012. Rutuja also completed her elective internship at Yale University School of Medicine and Tanaya from Weill Cornell Medical College in the US, and were eligible for admissions to pursue an MD programme in the 2012 batch, according to their petitions. However, MUHS, which had held its convocation ceremony in April 2012, said they would have to wait for the final degree certificates till April 2013, when the next ceremony would be held.\"They are in danger of losing admissions,\" said advocate P A Pol, counsel for the petitioners. He pointed out that they had submitted provisional certificates signed by the dean as well as another certificate signed by the controller of examinations. \"The colleges have clearly mentioned that they would only accept the final degree certificate signed by the vice-chancellor,\" said Pol. He pointed out that other state universities, including Karnataka's, issued final degree certificates promptly to students. \"There is no bar in rules to hold more than one convocation ceremony in a year,\" added Pol.The judges said holding more than one ceremony in an academic year to suit the convenience of students may not be feasible, but there may be ways to ensure students did not lose out on admission to prestigious foreign colleges. The court went through the temporary certificate issued by the varsity, which began with 'To whomsoever it may concern' and mentioned that their degrees would be confirmed only in April 2013. \"What is the need to put the line 'Whomsoever it may concern'? Can the varsity not issue a certificate in a proper format to make it more acceptable to the colleges?\" the judges asked the MUHS lawyer.Times View: Varsities need to keep up with the worldDelay in paperwork affecting a student's career is an extreme example of the system holding back the individual. Universities and boards need to understand they are there to help students realise their aspirations, not tie them up in red tape. State-governed institutions have some serious catching up to do; they cannot expect the world to slow down to keep pace with their outdated procedures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15170864", "title": "Special team formed to probe murder in lodge", "text": "KOCHI: A special team was formed on Thursday to investigate the death of a 42-year-old man who was found murdered in a lodge at Mattummel near Thevara on Wednesday night.The deceased identified as Sunilkumar (42) of Kadakyavoor in Thiruvananthapuram . According to the police, the body was found lying inside the room with the neck split wide. The room was locked from outside and the residents at the lodge came to know about the incident only when foul smell emanated from the room.Sunilkumar was working as a secretariat assistant in accountant general's office in Kochi. He was on leave for the last couple of months and was working in a private firm. He was a bachelor and has been staying at the lodge for the last seven years.Police said they recovered a knife from the room. Forensic and finger print experts were pressed into service to collect evidence from the crime scene. As per the police, the inmates of the lodge had seen Sunilkumar about three days ago.The special team led by circle inspector G Venu has launched a detailed probe. \"We are trying to collect the details of the persons who visited Sunilkumar in his room a few days ago,\" police officials said.\"We will be getting more details about the murder once we get the autopsy report,\" the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15175808", "title": "Scooterist, pillion rider hurt as tree crashes at Bethora", "text": "PONDA: In a freak incident, a tree fell on a scooterist and his pillion rider as they were travelling along Bethora, Ponda, late Thursday evening.The incident occurred around 8.30pm near the village panchayat office, when Uttam Gaude, 17, and his mother, Pooja, 45, were on their way home to Kasamshelli-Bethora.Sources told TOI that as the duo, riding through the heavy rain, reached the panchayat ghar, gusty winds brought a cashew tree crashing down on the scooter.The Gaudes were thrown to the ground with the tree landing on top of them.Passersby immediately alerted the EMRI ambulance service and the injured Gaudes were admitted to the Goa Medical College (GMC) and Hospital, Bambolim, sources told TOI.Ponda central fire station personnel later cleared the tree off the road.When contacted, Ponda police said a head constable had been rushed to the spot on Thursday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15179094", "title": "Art attack at Kundan Vidya Mandir leaves all spellbound", "text": "LUDHIANA: For the primary students of Kundan Vidya Mandir, Civil Lines, Thursday brought an opportunity to unleash the artists in them, as they participated in a talent search contest, organized at the campus. KVMites had a time of their lives during the event, which was full of zest and excitement, as the parents cheered their enthusiastic children.An atmosphere of nervousness and curiosity gripped the KVM campus as kids performed various arts one after other representing different houses of the school. The various talents they were judged on included compering, acting, folk dancing, western dancing, classical dancing, solo singing and group dancing. The participants were judged by school faculty Suman Jain, Aruna Verma and Satwinder Kaur and the winners were awarded prizes and certificates by headmistress Namita Raj.Performances of the Nehru house kids were adjudged best in talent contest, while Gandhi and Tagore houses stood 2nd and 3rd, respectively. The performance of Gandhi house students, however, was best in the group dance and skit, which got them the first prize in these events.\"I am thrilled to have won the first prize among the actors as all the participants did well. I had worked hard on my expressions,\" said Gurmanjot Singh after winning the best actor award.Class III students Akshita Munjal jumped in excitement as she won the solo dance competition. \"I had been waiting for this contest for a long time as I love dancing. My parents were proud of me when I won the first prize for Nehru house,\" she said.Prapti of Class V said she was nervous before the solo singing competition but her parents and teachers boosted her morale. \"And I can't believe I won the first prize,\" she added.\"The kids are all a star in themselves and we need to provide them a platform to explore what they are capable of doing. Various levels of audition and continuous practice ensured they left the audience spellbound with their performances,\" said principal Namita Raj Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15176179", "title": "CBI likely to quiz ex-BEML chief again", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI will again send its team to the defence PSU BEML's office in Bangalore next week to further probe the Tatra scam, and the agency is also likely to question former BEML chief V R S Natarajan another time. While checking the voluminous documents, the investigation team has felt the need for another visit to obtain more details, said a source.Agency officials went to Bangalore a few weeks ago, and collected several documents related to Tatra trucks. Based on these documents, CBI felt the need to question BEML officials again in connection with the alleged irregularities, and if required be brought face to face to clarify certain issues regarding the deal between Tatra Sipox, UK, and BEML.CBI sources said Natarajan will also be confronted with the documentary evidence of alleged irregularities, which the agency teams have collected during searches and visit to BEML's Bangalore office.CBI is probing alleged irregularities in assigning supply from the Czechoslovakia-based Tatra, with which the agreement was originally signed in 1986, to Tatra-Sipox, UK, owned by NRI businessman Ravi Rishi, in 1997, showing it as the original equipment manufacturer and the fully-owned subsidiary of the Czech firm in violation of the rules, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15179207", "title": "Customs department\u2019s golden jubilee observed", "text": "NEW DELHI: A postage stamp and a coffee table book were released on Thursday to commemorate the golden jubilee of the Customs department.Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC) is celebrating 2012 as the Golden Jubilee year to commemorate 50 years of the Customs Act, 1962.Union Minister of Communication &amp; Information Technology Kapil Sibal , who issued the postage stamp, said the memorabilia acknowledges the sincere efforts of the Customs administration in nation building and in guarding economic frontiers.CBEC chairman S K Goel highlighted the paradigm shift in the role of Customs, including the change in the profile of smuggling and other economic frauds.The coffee table book, \"Anything to Declare\", was released by minister of state for revenue S S Palanimanickam. The book has interesting photographs that enliven the glorious past of the department like its journey in time, evolution, splendid buildings, various functions and international role.This book will help the readers know more about the working of Customs and see it in the light of a friendly facilitator, the CBEC chairman said. Palanimanickam applauded the tireless and dynamic services rendered by the department in its commitment to be reckoned as a vital force for security and economic well-being of the nation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15173547", "title": "3 teams hunt for Krishnappa's killers", "text": "BANGALORE: Nelamangala police have launched hunt for the killers of BEML Krishnappa, 55, who was murdered on Wednesday night. Three special teams have been for-med to nab ro-wdy-sheeter Seena alias Bettanagere Seena, who is alleged to have masterminded the killing of his arch-rival, JD(S) member of Bangalore Rural zilla panchayat Krishnappa.Police said Seena, who was in prison for various crimes, was released after he was granted bail sometime ago. He, however, has been off police radar for a long time. \"We have warrants pending against him. He vanished soon after coming out of Gulbarga jail six months ago,\" police said.\"Seena and Krishnappa were rivals. Seena's associates told police that their leader feared Krishnappa might kill him,\" the sources said.Krishnappa was killed after his convoy was attacked by 30-odd gun-wielding gangsters near Arishinakunte on Bangaore-Pune National Highway. He was allegedly pu-lled out of his To-yota Innova and shot dead by his rivals. One of the assailants, Kempanlinganahali Devu, 24, was killed in t12 rounds of retaliatory fire by Krishnappa's bodyguard. Madanayakanahalli police said they are verifying Devu's antecedents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15178835", "title": "Lecturer killed in road mishap", "text": "HUBLI: A lecturer was killed in a road accident in Gadag city on Thursday.Police said the victim, Mangala Todakar, 40, a lecturer at the ITI College in Gadag town, was heading home when a government bus rammed her bike. A seriously injured Mangala was brought to the district hospital, where she succumbed to injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15178179", "title": "High tension power supply cables claim 45-50 lives in state every year", "text": "RANCHI: Two young girls were killed at Karanj Toli under the Sukhdeo Nagar police station area last week when an 11 KV overhead wire snapped and fell on them during heavy rain. The death of the two girls, Usha and Nisha Nayak, however, has failed to make the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) responsible with regard to generation, transmission and distribution of power in the state. The board has not even started the work of putting guards under high tension overhead wires to stop such fatal accidents in future.This was not an isolated incident. On an average at least 45-50 people are killed due to electrocution every year. Most of these incidents occur during the monsoon when overhead wires snap and fall on the ground, buildings and vehicles.\"In Jharkhand it is a routine affair during the monsoon and yet there is no one to prevent it. Everybody is aware that there is technology to help in preventing such mishaps. The board can go for underground cabling that will put an end to these kinds of accident as it has been done by Tata Steel in Jamshedpur,\" said a source.\"If the Board wants to save money we can install circuit breakers at least for distribution lines of 11 KV so that the moment it snaps the supply stops. One can even opt for putting guard wires below the 11 KV lines which will be even cheaper. The situation is such that no one cares for the common man,\" the source added.An officer, who is a qualified electrical engineer with more than three decades of experience, said the JSEB would save even on the cost of putting guard wires under 11 KV line by maintaining a routine check. \"The moment the technician finds that the wire is old and weather-beaten it should be replaced. The technicians should also report presence of trees close to high tension wires and get them trimmed if not uprooted before the monsoon and prevent such mishap,\" he said.State energy secretary Vimal Kirti Singh admitted that accidents take place at many places due to dangling overhead wire. At the same time he maintained that accidents on many occasions can not be prevented. \"According to the preliminary report of the last week's accident at Sukhdeo Nagar in which two girls were killed, the incident occurred because a huge tree got uprooted and fell on the overhead wire. This type of accident are very unfortunate but cannot be avoided,\" Singh said.\"We have taken the matter very seriously. The Board has been asked to check the wires and make arrangements to avoid such accidents in future. We are also going to recruit people who will be entrusted the work of maintenance to ensure minimum accident,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15170855", "title": "Congress-NCP truce may not last", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress and Nationalist Congress Party ties are likely to be tested again despite a truce reached between the allies as it is unclear if the NCP's grouses against Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will be redressed by a revived coordination mechanism.The jury is far from settled whether NCP boss Sharad Pawar has scored in the recent face-off as the party's ability to use coordination committees at the state and central levels to check political moves and ensure a say in decisions will determine if the showdown was worth it.Besides the trouble from allies, the CM may also have his hands full fending off factions in his own party as a letter complaining about his style of functioning signed by several Congress MLAs that surfaced in the midst of the Congress-NCP spat is not seen as a coincidence.Some in the Congress felt the letter might have been prompted by a senior state leader who enjoys a good equation with those in AICC who are in charge of Maharashtra. As NCP launched a direct attack on Chavan, some in Congress fancied their prospects to replace him.Congress sources say the ally's discomfort lies in inquiries like the \"white paper\" commissioned by Chavan on irrigation that threatens to examine not only NCP minister Sunil Tatkare, but threatens to go into the tenure of deputy CM Ajit Pawar when the latter held the irrigation department.The paper might be unsparing in elaborating how Maharashtra's irrigation potential has grown by only .1% in the last decade and this is worrying the NCP. It is no secret that relations between Ajit Pawar and Chavan are at best perfunctory and the NCP leader may be concerned about the irrigation \"scam\" enveloping him.Pressure from Ajit Pawar, who is his nephew, and other graft allegations against NCP leaders are believed to be weighing on Sharad Pawar. If the NCP supremo can use the coordination committees to check Chavan, the alliance may limp along.As yet, the possibility of peace remains fragile as Chavan is showing no indication that he can do anything to redress the NCP grievance that its image is being tarnished as graft-ridden while Congress is faring better.The CM's view is that the irrigation and Maharashtra Bhavan cases - where BJP leader Kirit Somaiya has alleged that PWD minister Chagan Bhujbal's relatives have benefitted - are in the public domain and since much of the information has come from Right to Information, the matters are beyond any political intervention.Chavan also does not seem inclined to be as deferential at a personal level to Pawar as his predecessors like Vilasrao Deshmukh and Sushil Shinde were. The CM understands that part of his mandate is to prevent NCP growing at Congress's expense and keep the state's slate clean. On both counts, his run-ins with NCP are likely to continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "15181442", "title": "Three held for molesting minor", "text": "KOLLAM: The Karunagappally police have arrested three people, including a couple, in connection with molestation of a minor girl.The arrested have been identified as Rajesh (28), a native of Ulloor, who sexually abused the girl by luring her with a job offer and Sasi (45), Vishnu Bhavan, Manappally and his wife, Santha (36), who aided the act for the past two years. According to police, Sasi, a neighbour of the girl, had been molesting the girl for the past two years with the help of his wife. Police said that a separate case in the regard has been registered with the Oachira police.It was Santha, who introduced the girl to Rajesh through phone. She got his number from a newspaper advertisement some days ago and called Rajesh inquiring about the job. As per the talk they had, she sent the girl to Thiruvanathapuram to meet Rajesh.Rajesh took her along with him and abused for two days. The girl said that around eight people abused her. Aprobe is on to find out the others involved in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15175366", "title": "BTech student held for robbing driver", "text": "NEW DELHI: A B Tech student from a Greater Noida university and a businessman's son, in a drunk frenzy, thrashed a biker and robbed an autorickshaw driver in Hauz Khas area. They didn't even spare the auto driver's pants!The driver then alerted the cops, and a police patrol car intercepted them after a chase on the BRT. The accused have been identified as Varun Malhotra (22) of Faridabad and Himanshu Gosain (23) of Lajpat Nagar.The incident occurred at 1.30am when the victim, Dharamveer Singh, had stopped at Panchsheel area to answer nature's call. When he returned, he was stopped by Malhotra who asked him what he was doing there at night. The accused then thrashed him and snatched away his wallet and phone.The accused even made him take off his pants, took away his keys and fled the spot on their bike, waving the trousers.The duo was intercepted near Sadiq Nagar petrol pump and apprehended them. \"At first they refused to own up for the crime; but cops seized the robbed money and the keys of the autorickshaw,\" said a senior police officer.Singh's statement was recorded and a case was registered under appropriate sections of the IPC. The duo was arrested and sent to judicial custody.A source said that the accused disclosed in their interrogation that before targeting Singh they had roughed up an executive who was going home on his bike, warning him not to ride late at night without a helmet and licence. It was their \"prank\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "fatehgarh sahib", "code": "15177775", "title": "Bribe offer by smuggler's kin shows cops 'help' drug trade", "text": "FATEHGARH SAHIB: Arrest of the relative of a drug trafficker on Wednesday for offering Rs 3 lakh bribe to a SHO to facilitate his nephew's bail has opened a can of worms, pointing to a nexus between Punjab police and drug runners.The claims of the smuggler on winning over SHOs with money power, has brought the working of some cops under scrutiny.On June 19, 2012, assistant sub-inspector (ASI) Balwinder Singh arrested Manoj Kumar and Babu Kumar from Patiala at a naka and seized 175 gm smack from them.Their disclosure that they purchased the smack from Tejpartap Singh alias Tabu of Saplani Kala area of Kurukshetra led to his arrest on June 25.On Wednesday, Swarn Singh, uncle of Tabu, came to the office of CIA Mandi Gobindgarh and offered Rs 3 lakh to SHO Gurmeet Singh for helping Tabu get bail. The SHO immediately brought the matter to the notice of his seniors and Swaran was booked under the Prevention of Corruption Act.\"Tejpartap, who has been running a drug racket by smuggling smack from MP and Rajasthan for last five years, confessed that he had been caught smuggling smack earlier too, but had escaped arrest by bribing the SHOs,'' said Fatehgarh Sahib SSP Mandip Sidhu, who recovered Rs 3 lakh from the accused.During investigations it has come to light that the accused is facing 6 cases of narcotic smuggling in Punjab and Haryana. He used to supply smack in Patiala, Fatehgarh Sahib, Amloh, Gobindgarh and Samrala areas through his couriers.SSP has formed a special team to zero in on the cops who helped Tejpartap and his accomplices. The SSP will investigate the role of these policemen and submit a report to state DGP Sumesh Singh Saini for action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15170685", "title": "Sridevi\u2019s film to premiere at Toronto Festival", "text": "The film is scheduled to be part of the 'Galas' section for a premiere at the Toronto Film Festival and the team is expectedly thrilled.After making a comeback to Bollywood after almost 15 years, Sridevi is reaching new heights even before the release of her film. The Sridevi starrer English Vinglish is going to be premiered at Toronto International Film Festival this year which is going to be held from September 6-16.The film also marks the directorial debut of Gauri Shinde, film-maker R.Balki's wife. The film is going to be premiered on September 14. The entire team will be traveling for the premiere including Gauri, Balki, Sridevi, actor Adil Hussain and French actor Mahdi Nebbou who plays an important part in the film.This is a great achievement for English Vinglish as the organizing committee of Toronto International Film Festival had taken a stand on never premiering a Bollywood movie again following their miffed experience with the Mausam debacle. English Vinglish , however, has managed to make this special exception as the organizing members saw portions of the film and were really impressed with the content and decided to change their mind.The film is scheduled to be part of the 'Galas' section for a premiere but is not part of the competition. In the film, Sridevi is playing the character of a woman who does not know English and in turn is made to feel insecure by her family and society at large. The story follows her transformation and how she eventually overcomes her insecurity.Producer R. Balki says, \"The whole team is thrilled that our film has been chosen in the 'Galas' section for a world premiere at the prestigious Toronto Film Festival. It's an honour when your film is being showcased alongside films by Billy Bob Thornton , Roger Michell, Robert Redford , Mike Newell , Ben Affleck and Mira Nair. Gauri and I are personally very excited. And hope the world cheers the comeback of Sridevi - India's only true pan Indian female superstar\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15172097", "title": "16000 turn up for Army recruitment", "text": "IMPHAL: The army recruitment rally conducted in Senapati district saw a turnout of 16000 youths. The army termed the event as the biggest-of-its-kind and an exhibition of the youths' desire to join the mainstream. The rally was conducted with the mandate of recruitment to Other Ranks (OR) in general and for the technical vacancy in the Indian Army.On Saturday, GOC of Red Shield Division, Maj Gen Binoy Poonem flagged off the recruitment process, a defence statement said. The division commands troops stationed in almost half of Manipur.The recruitment rally has so far seen unprecedented response with around 16000 youths from all over the state participating in last three days. Over 1000 have cleared the first stage, it said. \"The record response of the youths to join the Army exhibits their desire to join mainstream,\" said the statement, adding the GOC complimented the people of the state for coming forward to seek a way out of insurgency and joining the mainstream.The rally is being conducted by director of Area Recruitment Office (ARO), Rangapahar and assisted by ARO Silchar and a team of medical officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15173225", "title": "In-laws held for \u2018dowry death\u2019", "text": "THANE: The Shreenagar police on Thursday arrested the mother-in-law, sister-in-law and two other relatives of a 20-year-old woman who died after being allegedly set ablaze by them and her husband at their Wagle Estate home last week. The husband, Bhausaheb Gulab Bhalerao, is undergoing treatment for his burns, which he says he suffered while trying to save his wife.On Thursday, the victim's mother, Shakuntala Prakash Potphode, told police that her daughter, Meera, was harassed for Rs 1 lakh dowry. The arrested are Meera's mother-in-law Neeta, sister-in-law Sudha and two other relatives\u2014Shobha Sunder Samble and Kusum Devidas Kale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15174036", "title": "Addicted headmaster abuses cook in Gondia", "text": "GONDIA: The cook of a zilla parishad primary school at village Nilagondi in Tiroda tehsil was abused in presence of students by the officiating headmaster when she urged him to open the school on Tuesday.There were complaints that officiating headmaster AS Meshram, reportedly a habitual drinker, did not open the school for days together. July 22 was a Sunday while there was a holiday the next day. But Meshram did not open the school till 2pm on July 24. Students who take midday meals were hungry. Therefore, cook Hastakala Pardhi went to the headmaster to demand keys of the school. But he allegedly abused her following which she reported the matter to block development officer (BDO) at Tiroda.BDO Prakash Gangapari deputed extension officer Sakure to visit the spot and inquire into the matter. Sakure found that Meshram was addicted to wine and used to take it even in the presence of students also. He was not regular in school, the report found. Meshram was issued a show-cause notice, said Gangapari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15172492", "title": "Nagpur shuttlers Makode, Dixit emerge champions", "text": "NAGPUR: Kiran Makode and Varada Dixit brought laurels to the city when they won the men's and women's singles titles respectively in the recently concluded 46th LIC Western Zonal Badminton Championship at Bal Bhavan, Vadodara.Dixit, who has recently being recruited by LIC under sports quota, had no difficulty in ousting former zonal champion Vaishali Agashe of Satara, winning in straight games 21-8, 21-7 to become the first woman from Nagpur Division to win the title.Southpaw Makode extracted a sweet revenge against defending champion Arvind Gangani of Surat. Last year in Nagpur, Makode had narrowly lost to Gangani in three games in the final.In the first game, Makode raced to an early lead of 8-5 but Gangani, a former Gujarat state champion, not only levelled the scores but also took a handy 20-17 lead.However, Makode, who represented India in World Seniors Badminton Championship at Spain in 2009, used all his experience to claim five successive points to clinch the game 22-20.Riding high on confidence, Makode sealed the fate of Gangani to complete a 22-20, 21-14 win to regain the title.Makode and Dixit will now represent West Zone team which will participate in the LIC All India tournament to be held in Hyderabad from November 4 to 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15172605", "title": "Nagpur shuttlers Sarang, Avanti reach pre-quarterfinals in State badminton", "text": "NAGPUR: City shuttlers Sarang Lakhanee and Avanti Badhe reached men's and women's singles pre-quarterfinals respectively in the 2nd Maharashtra Senior State Selection Badminton tournament at the Khar Gymkhana badminton courts in Mumbai on Thursday.In the fourth round encounter, Sarang thumped Akhilesh Joshi of Pune 21-14, 21-8 to set up a thrilling clash against rising star Shlok Ramchandran. The Mumbai Suburban youngster ousted Pune's Ruturaj Deshpande 21-14, 21-12 to seal last 16 spot.Nagpur's Avanti Badhe downed Mumbai's Kusum Yadav 21-2, 21-6 in the women's singles second round.In the men's matches, Mumbai Suburban's Arijeet Bose and top seed Sagar Chopda also reached pre-quarterfinal rounds. Arijeet beat Pune's Narendra Patil 21-13, 21-15, while Sagar smashed Thane's Shrishail Mitkari 21-8, 21-8.RESULTSMen's singles (4th round): Arijeet Bose (Mum) bt Narendra Patil (Pune) 21-13, 21-15; 1-Sagar Chopda (Mum) bt Shrishail Mitkari (Thane) 21-8, 21-8, Shlok Ramchandran (MS) bt Ruturaj Deshpande (PN) 21-14, 21-12; Sarang Lakhanee (NGP) bt Akhilesh Joshi (PN) 21-14, 21-8; 3-Mayank Gole (PN) bt Anand Narang (MS) 21-14, 21-12; Mandeep Singh (MS) bt Ajinkya Patil (NSK) 21-13, 22-20; Anmoal Behrani (MS) bt Anant Agarwal (MS) 21-14, 21-16; Amit Kshatriya (MS) bt Dhiraj Kumar Gaurav (PN) 19-21, 21-8, 21-13; 2-Subhankar Dey (TH) bt Pujan Shah (GM) 21-9 21-8.Women's singles (2nd round): Ridhi Pajwani (Mum) bt Isha Datta (Mumbai) 21-3, 21-8; Kairavi Thakore (Mum) bt Balwinder Sapra (Mum) 21-7, 21-13; Karishma Wadkar (Mum) bt Yogita Jog 21-6, 21-3; Avanti Badhe (Nag) bt Kusum Yadav (Mum) 21-2, 21-6; Radhika Shah (Solapur) bt Urvashi Karnani (Mum) 21-4, 21-3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai/thane", "code": "15174225", "title": "Decide TDR: HC to Thane civic body", "text": "MUMBAI/THANE: The Bombay high court on Thursday set aside the Thane Municipal Corporation's order rejecting Lodha Group's claim for additional transfer of development rights in respect of a road it constructed at Manpada and handed over to it.The judges asked the TMC to consider the matter afresh and take a decision within six weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15186217", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan meets Aaradhya", "text": "Beti B was a celebrity even before she was born. One of the first people to pay her a visit was none other than Oprah Winfrey . And now TOI has learnt, Shah Rukh Khan who seldom lands up at his Bollywood colleagues' homes, made an exception for baby Aaradhya. Perhaps swayed by his emotions, SRK drove down to Jalsa on Wednesday night. Busy with his films so far, Khan had been unable to meet the little one.A source revealed, \"Actually Farah Khan had come to meet Abhishek at Jalsa. Around the same time, SRK was incidentally at Hrithik Roshan's pad, which is a stone's throw away. Since SRK had only congratulated the parents and not seen the baby, he drove down to meet her.\"According to the source, SRK played with Aaradhya for a while before moving to the conference room with Farah and Abhishek. This meeting however went on longer than the one with Aaradhya. \"They chatted till 1.30 am,\" said the source.SRK's impromptu visit also goes to prove that all is well between him and Abhishek, despite rumours to the contrary. \"SRK and Abhishek have been very cordial both professionally and personally. They have worked together in K abhi Alvida Na Kehna. SRK has also worked with Aishwarya a couple of times. In fact when Amitabh Bachchan announced Aishwarya's pregnancy, SRK had tweeted his support to Abhishek in case the latter needed tips on parenting,\" a source told TOI.So is Farah planning to showcase this friendship in her next project? Only time will tell.Listen Shah Rukh Khan's superhit songs on Gaana.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15174153", "title": "Friends abduct 20-yr-old, kill him when he raises alarm", "text": "NEW DELHI: A hotel management topper teamed up with a young couple, both college dropouts, to kidnap a north Delhi-based businessman's son for ransom but ended up killing their 20-year-old abductee in panic when he started to raise an alarm.The victim has been identified as Shivam Kapoor, a B Com student residing in Malkaganj. His friend-turned-kidnapper, Runeet Gulati, 20, had topped his batch at a well-known hotel management institute in Bangalore. Shivam, Runeet's neighbour, was targeted because his father had just completed a big land deal, police said.Also accused are Abhey Diwan, 27, and Mahima, 25, a married couple heavily in debt due to Abhey's gambling habit, and their friend Jatin, 24. Abhey and Runeet were friends.According to the police, on the night of July 18, Shivam was lured into a car by Runeet. But when he suspected foul play and started screaming, Abhey first shot him in the stomach and then injected him with a heavy dose of sedatives. The abductors also cut Shivam's veins in panic, which killed the victim.The murder was not a part of the initial plan but with the kidnapping plan having gone awry, Shivam Kapoor, was shot in the head and his body was burnt and dumped near a canal in Maurya Enclave, near Pitampura in north Delhi. Cops solved the murder after getting clues from an 11-year-old boy who saw the abductors dump the body. The accused were arrested on Wednesday.According to Joint CP (Northern range) Tajender Luthra, cops got a call around 4am on July 19 regarding a semi-burnt body lying near a canal at Ekta Camp near Pitampura.\"The victim was wearing blue jeans blue and a green T-shirt. His hands were tied with a red cloth, and his mouth and eyes covered with doctors' tape. The accused had tried to %burn the victim's face and clothes to conceal his identity,'' said Luthra.A boy living in the Ekta Camp told cops that he had seen a Swift car driven by a young man and accompanied by a woman and two others dumping the body and also trying to burn it by pouring petrol. The cops searched across 20 police stations and used the online missing persons' resource, ZIPNET, to identify Shivam 26 hours later.\"During investigation, it was revealed that deceased was last seen with Runeet. It also came to light that two of Runeet's friends , Abhey Diwan and his wife, were also missing since the day of the incident and that they owned a Swift car. After a search, all the accused were apprehended,'' said P Karunakaran , DCP (northwest).On sustained interrogation, it was revealed that Abhey, a property dealer, had lost Rs 70 lakh in betting during %the IPL season. The accused confessed that they made a plan to kidnap affluent persons and demand huge sum of money as ransom.\"Abhey use to visit Malkaganj to meet Runeet, who lived in the area. While roaming in the locality, Abhey and Runeet met Shivam whose wealthy father made him a good target for kidnapping. On July 17, Runeet met Shivam on a Malkaganj street and said he had something personal to discuss. This was around 11pm. Shivam was with a friend, Vishal, whom he dropped off on his scooter and came back to meet Runeet. Abhey then asked Shivam to sit in the car and they drove off.\"Sensing something wrong, Shivam asked them to stop and started shouting. In panic, Abhey took out a pistol and fired into Shivam's abdomen. Abhey and Runeet then tied Shivam hands and even slashed him him with a sharp cutter. Abhey also gave Shivam an injection laced with sedatives, after which he passed out and probably died. The accused drove to Rohini with the body,\" an investigator said.Police said Abhey then called his wife Mahima and the couple took their Accent car to Faridabad to pick up a fourth accused Jatin, a common friend of Abhey and Runeet. All four got into the Swift car around 3.30am at Rohini and went to dispose of the body.To make sure that Shivam was dead, Jatin shot him in the head. A bottle of petrol was bought from a Pitampura pump to set the body on fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15190783", "title": "Kristen Stewart steps out just days after infidelity", "text": "Kristen Stewart put on a brave face when she stepped out in the daylight just two days after it emerged that she had cheated on boyfriend Robert Pattinson with married director Rupert Sanders, who is twice her age.Dressed casually in a pair of ratty gym shorts and a white T-shirt, the 22-year-old actress was spotted looking somber with dark circles forming under her eyes while out in Los Angeles last Thursday.At one point the 'Twilight' star was seen pleading with photographers to leave her in peace.Stewart had issued a public apology on Wednesday and took responsibility for breaking Pattinson's heart and coming in between Sanders' marriage to British model-actress Liberty Ross, with whom he has two children.I'm deeply sorry for the hurt and embarrassment I've caused to those close to me and everyone this has affected,\" the New York Daily News quoted her as saying in a statement.\"This momentary indiscretion has jeopardized the most important thing in my life, the person I love and respect the most, Rob. I love him, I love him, I'm so sorry,\" she had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15175622", "title": "NCP minister aide's wife linked to Palande case", "text": "MUMBAI: The wife of a controversial senior NCP minister's close aide will be a key witness in the Karankumar Kakkar murder case after a probe into the Vijay Palande saga revealed that she had visited Bangkok with Simran Sood, where they shopped with the deceased's ATM card, police sources said. Sood is a co-accused in Kakkar's murder.While the minister was recently linked to controversial irrigation projects, his aide is a developer and manages the former's financial transactions. The woman owns a boutique at Lokhandwala in Andheri. The couple was fr8i8ends with gangster Palande and So8od, and often visited them at Oberoi Springs, Andheri (W), in a white Audi. Kakkar lived in the same building.In the absence of eye-witnesses, police are mostly relying on circ8um8s8t8a8n8t8ial evidence to prove murder charges aga8i8n8st the accused. The statement of the developer's wife is crucial to prove Sood's role in the murder conspiracy as she had used Kakkar's card in Bangkok.According to police, Palande and his associate Dhananjay Shinde had killed Kakkar in his flat. Sood had introduced Palande to Kakkar as her brother. On March 5, a few hours before his death, Kakkar had messaged a friend referring to the minister's aide. He told the friend that Palande had promised to introduce him to the developer who, he believed, was managing black money transactions of influential politicians.The police said they did not make the minister's aide a witness as he had no direct connection to the case. The developer's wife told cops that she often went abroad to shop and the Bangkok visit was her idea. She said she had asked Sood if she wanted to join her. She reportedly told the police that although she had met Kakkar a few times through Sood, she did not know much about him. Palande had convinced Kakkar that the developer would finance the film production house he wanted to start when he was actually eyeing Kakkar's valuables and BMW car. On the day of the murder, Palande had gone to Kakkar's flat to discuss the finances. Shinde, who joined them later, reportedly prepared tea for Kakkar and mixed sleeping pills in it. Palande and Shinde then killed Kakkar and chopped his body into pieces in the bathroom before dumping the parts at Kumbharli ghat. They then stole Kakkar's valuables, BMW and 5 ATM cards.Palande and Shinde later parked the vehicle in Pune and returned to Mumbai where they used Kakkar's ATM card to shop at Malad and another card to fuel a Mercedes in Andheri. Shinde then travelled to Delhi to drop Kakkar's mobile phone in a train, and used a card there for some more shopping. Palande reportedly gave another card to Sood while she was going to Bangkok with the developer's wife. He too left for Bangkok the next day, using a fake passport in the name of Karan Sood. In the Thailand capital, Palande and Sood used Kakkar's card to shop and returned to Mumbai in a few days. On his way back to India, Palande used his genuine passport. The accused had planned to mislead investigators after using Kakkar's card at various places in a bid to make them believe that Kakkar was alive in Bangkok. Palande, Sood and Shinde have been chargesheeted in Kakkar's murder case.Palande case filesGangster Vijay Palande had allegedly killed union leader Anup Das and his father in 1998 to grab their properties. He was convicted in one of the two murder cases and jumped parole. He was rearrested in a fake passport case in 2006. The police had not updated the high court about Palande's 2006 arrest which helped him to come out of jail in 2007.He made friends with aspiring producer Karankumar Kakkar and killed him for his properties on March 5. He also befriended actor Anuj Tikku to grab his properties. But Tikku's father landed from Delhi, after which Palande decided to first kill the senior Tikku on April 7. Anuj survived after Palande was exposed when Oshiwara residents noticed his associates Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh were killing the senior Tikku and alerted the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15176404", "title": "Irate activists demand strict action against cop", "text": "MARGAO: Reacting to the report 'Cop twists lady activist's hand in police station', TOI, July 26, various NGO's from Margao promised to call up the chief minister to take stern action against PSI Navlesh Desai regarding the alleged incident and demanded that the policeman be punished.\"The Old Goa police station cop has the audacity to twist the activist's hand only because she wanted the complaint to be registered in her way,\" said Auda Viegas, president of Bailancho Ekvott, on Thursday.\"The police should have registered the complaint, conducted a preliminary and fair inquiry into the complaint,\" added Viegas.Another group of activists-Laurel Abranches, Socorro D'souza, Mahesh Nayak, Theo Fernandes, Raju Iyer and others demanded that legal criminal proceedings be initiated and that he be terminated from his services with immediate effect.Both Bailancho Ekvott and United Goan Welfare Front (UGWF) demanded that that PSI Dessai be tried under CCS and CCS rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15178267", "title": "Supreme Court order on tiger sanctuary not new to Palamu Tiger Reserve", "text": "RANCHI: Long before the Supreme Court imposed a countrywide ban on tourism in the core areas of tiger reserves, Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR) had prohibited tourist activity in its protected zones. According to 2009 census of tigers, there are six tigers in the reserve area.PTR has a buffer area of 600km and core area of 414km. \"We do not allow tourists in the core areas of the reserve,\" said principal chief conservator of forest of Jharkhand, A K Malhotra.The core area is considered a place where tigers live without human interference. But at various tiger reserves across the country, not just human, vehicle were also allowed in the core area for revenue generation.In April this year, the Supreme Court had asked Jharkhand, Bihar, Rajasthan, Arunachal Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu Maharastra and Karnataka to notify core areas and buffer areas in the reserves so that programmes for tiger conservation could be implemented accordingly. Only Uttar Pradesh, Karnataka and Rajasthan have complied with the SC orders. A fine of Rs 10,000 was imposed on all other state that failed to comply with the order.It is yet to be ascertained whether the fine was imposed on Jharkhand. Environment secretary Alka Tiwari was not available for comment. Joint director in the department, Rabindra Prasad said that he was not aware whether the fine was imposed on Jharkhand or not.\"We have declared the core area this month. A notification to this effect was also issued. The notification has also been sent to the union government,\" said Prasad.Jharkhand's tiger man D S Srivastava has hailed the decision. \"The order of the Supreme Court is timely and welcome,\" he added. The number of tigers has witnessed a severe decline in Jharkhand in the past few decades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15190465", "title": "House arrest for separatist leaders after protest call in J&K;", "text": "SRINAGAR: All prominent separatist leaders, including Syed Ali Shah Geelani , Mirwaiz Umar Farooq and Mohammad Yasin Malik were on Friday placed under house arrest following a call for protests after Friday prayers against the killing of a youth in Bandipora on Tuesday.Police sources said Geelani, Mirwaiz, Malik, Shabir Ahmad Shah, Nayeem Ahmad Khan and Zaffar Akbar Bhat were placed under house arrest since Thursday evening as a preventive measure to maintain law and order in the valley.While Geelani had called for \"raising voice against killing of innocent people\" during the Friday prayers, Malik had asked people to march to the local office of the United Nations Military Observers Group at Sonawar.The protests were called against the killing of Hilal Ahmad Dar in Army firing at bandipora on Tuesday night.Geelani has called for a general strike against Dar's killing on Saturday. The strike call has been supported by Kashmir High Court Bar Association also.While the Army is maintaining that the youth was killed during an encounter, the family of the deceased and local residents deny Dar was involved in militancy and alleged that he was taken into custody before being killed.For more than a day after the incident, the Army remained steadfast that it was not going to inquire into the incident but made a turnaround on Thursday after defence minister A K Antony ordered a probe.The state government has ordered a magisterial probe to ascertain the circumstances in which Dar was killed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15171037", "title": "Government norms flouted in lecturer appointment", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Calicut University is in the eye of another storm, this time over the appointment of a lecturer in the department of mass communication and journalism (MCJ).The SC/ST nominee in the Syndicate K Sivaraman, in a letter to the vice-chancellor, has alleged that the lecturer K Karnamaharajan, a native of Sanganur village, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, was appointed in 2005 allegedly flouting the state's SC/ST reservation norms.The varsity VC M Abdul Salam, on Wednesday, has ordered immediate action over the complaint.It points out that the job was given to Karnamaharajan in violation of the Kerala State and Subordinate Services Rules (KS &amp; SSR, 1958) and other norms. These rules state that only natives of Kerala are entitled to the benefit of SC/ST reservation in state government jobs.The lecturer was appointed in a vacancy reserved for SC/ST community on the basis of a community certificate issued by tahsildar of Coimbatore North. The certificate shows that he belongs to Hindu Pallan community in Tamil Nadu.But a state government order (GO No. 10/86/SC/ST) dated February 12, 1986 clearly states that a person migrating from his native state to another state, along with his children, are entitled to benefits allowed in the SC/ST category from the state of origin and not from the migrated state.Furthermore, the high court in its judgment in the case State of Kerala vs Subbayyan on October 14, 2005, had ordered that the Hindu Pallan community in Tamil Nadu is not equivalent to the Hindu Pallan community in Kerala.The verdict was based on the report of the vigilance officer of the directorate of Kerala Institute for Research, Training and Development Studies of Scheduled Castes and Tribes, Kozhikode.The rules of Calicut University also explicitly says that the provisions of KS &amp; SSR should be followed while making appointments through direct recruitment to posts in any class or category, including posts of non-teaching staff. The varsity had recently rejected the lecturer's application to the post of Reader in the department citing rules and provisions of KS &amp; SSR and other orders of state and central governments.When contacted, Karnamaharajan declined to comment on the issue stating that there is a standing order by the university which restricts varsity staff from giving comments to the media without prior permission from the higher authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15175926", "title": "Lecturer learns a tough lesson", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa denied a lecturer six years of service to be counted for promotion as he had declined to take classes for those years. Goa University philosophy lecturer U A Vinay Kumar had declined to take lectures on grounds that he was asked to teach European philosophy as he was qualified in Indian philosophy.Kumar approached the high court and pointed out that in July 1996 he wrote to authorities against the \"arbitrarily and illegitimately divided course in a piecemeal manner forcibly assigned to him by the head of the department of philosophy\". Thereafter, he made several representations before the authorities demanding teaching allocation and subsequently filed a petition in the high court in April 2002 seeking promotion. He was allotted teaching duties from September 2002.Kumar, who joined the university in 1987, sought promotion as reader from July 27, 1998, and asked to be considered for promotion as professor with effect from July, 2004, with all consequential benefits.During the hearing of the case, university counsel A Agni submitted that Kumar refused to teach from September, 1996, and started teaching again in 2002. He completed the five-year period as required for promotion to the post of reader in 2002, she pointed out. Hence, as such, no fault could be found with the university in promoting Kumar to the post of reader with effect from December 1, 2002, the lawyer said.The university contended that Kumar was not entitled to be promoted with effect from July 1998 and the screening committee suggested his promotion as reader with effect from December 1, 2002. The university stated that there was no consistently satisfactory appraisal report in respect of Kumar prior to December, 2002, which is a mandatory requirement.Disposing the petition, a division bench comprising justice AP Lavande and justice UV Bakre, said, \"In our considered view, the petitioner could not have refused to take classes in terms of workload allotted to him in the meeting held by departmental council on 24/06/1996. Thereafter, the petitioner started taking classes only in September 2002 as per the workload allotted to him.\"The court held that, since no fault has been found with the university's action in promoting Kumar to reader with effect from December 1, 2002, Kumar's contention that he is entitled to be promoted to the post of professor with effect from July 6, 2004 is unsustainable in law.The court ordered that since Kumar has already completed eight years of service as reader, he is entitled to apply for the post of professor. In case he applies for it, the university is expected to deal with the application in accordance with the statutes in force, the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15179196", "title": "Now, a cancer drug to flush out dormant HIV", "text": "WASHINGTON: A drug used to treat certain types of cancer is able to dislodge hidden virus in patients receiving treatment for HIV, researchers have claimed.University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in a study found the existence of persistent reservoirs of dormant HIV in the immune system that are not attacked by anti-AIDS drugs, believed to be a major reason why infection re-emerges once patients stop taking their medication. The disruption of these reservoirs is critical to finding a cure for AIDS.Researchers at UNC, working in collaboration with scientists from the Harvard School of Public Health, National Cancer Institute and the University of California undertook a series of experiments designed to evaluate the potential of the drug vorinostat . Vorinosta is a deacetylase inhibitor that is used to treat some types of lymphoma, to activate and disrupt the dormant virus.Laboratory experiments measuring active HIV levels in CD4+T cells, which are specialized white blood cells that the virus uses to replicate, showed that vorinostat unmasked the hidden virus in these cells. Subsequently, vorinostat was administered to eight HIV-infected men who were medically stable on antiretroviral therapy and the levels of active HIV virus were measured and compared to the levels prior to administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15192571", "title": "District administration planning to stop illegal abortion in a unique way", "text": "INDORE: The district administration has come with unique plan to restrict illegal sonography. Now, they will provide a unique number to every expecting mother of the district which will be mandatory for all the doctors to show while conducting medical termination of pregnancy.The official said that the department has already registered more than 50 percent of expecting mothers and remaining will be also covered in coming one or two months. He further said that the number is generated after all the information related to mother fed in the system which could be also useful in future.The department believes that the new system will enable them to keep a tab on the pregnancies and also on illegal abortions.The official believes that around 65000 pregnancies and 60000 child birth occur in the district every year and the system will keep tab over all pregnancy and child birth as well. According to him, out of total pregnancies and child birth, a large chunk of the go to private hospitals for their diagonosis and the district hospital is in talk with private players to update the new system, said official.Official are also in mood to outsource the work, if they fill needed. It also require the permission of district collector, said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15176330", "title": "West Bengal gets state-of-the-art hovercraft to beef up maritime security", "text": "KOLKATA: The newly-established Coast Guard Region (North East) in Kolkata has inducted a latest model of Air Cushion Vessel (ACV) or hovercraft to be based at Haldia. The new hovercraft reached Haldia on Thursday afternoon.The Coast Guard station at Haldia already has two hovercrafts but theH-188 is a much advanced version built by Griffon Hovercraft Ltd (GFL) in Southampton, England and reached Haldia on Thursday afternoon. This is the second in the lot of 12 hovercrafts ordered from GFL. The hovercraft will be commanded by Commandant D Dinakaran, a specialist in information technology. The first one was stationed in Okha, Gujarat, in June.\"H-188 is equipped with modern, state of the art sensors and equipment. It is 21m long with two 1,000 BHP Iveco engines and can attain a speed of 50 knots using aero-dynamic propulsion. At economical speed, the ACV has an endurance of 480 nautical miles and is specially designed for day and night operations in shallow waters and can undertake maritime search and rescue and surveillance. The armed hovercraft with an inflatable boat can undertake boarding, landing and Special Operations as well as coastal security operations,\" an official said.According to him, the ACV will enhance operational capability and allow the Coast Guard to maintain its effective presence in the Sunderbans and adjoining coastal areas of the state. This induction is part of the Coast Guard's expansion plan to expand and modernize its fleet. The hovercraft will be commanded by Commandant D Dinakaran, a specialist in information technology. H-188 will have a complement of two officers and 11 enrolled personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15178611", "title": "FIR against English daily for anti-Odia report", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A police complaint was lodged on Thursday against a national English daily for carrying an article, which allegedly portrayed the Odia community in poor light.Socio-political outfit Kalinga Sena lodged the complaint at Capital police station against the writer as well as printer, publisher and editor of the newspaper. However, no case was registered till evening. \"We have received the complaint and are verifying the charges,\" Capital police inspector Aseem Kumar Panda told TOI.The writer in his article published on July 23 claimed that the election of Pranab Mukherjee to Rashtrapati Bhawan upsets Odias. This has not gone down well with people in the state. Civil society organizations, politicians, journalists, lawyers and students reacted sharply, demanding action against the writer and newspaper.BJD's vice-president Damodar Rout said the party is planning to move Press Council of India against the writer and newspaper. \"The news item has hurt the sentiments of all Odias as it has little relevance to Odisha. The writer has clearly attempted to create division between Odia and another community,\" Rout told mediapersons here on Thursday.\"We will not allow sale of the newspaper in Odisha. The Press Council of India should take serious note of the inflammatory piece of writing,\" said Hemant Rath, founder of Kalinga Sena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15170724", "title": "Common layout rules on the anvil", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Director of Town and Country Planning (DTCP) is planning to bring in common layout rules for the state to remove anomalies and to incorporate the latest changes.Three months ago, the DTCP brought out the Common Building Rules (AP Building Rules 2012) by merging older government orders (GOs) and subsequent amendments to it. On the same lines, the town planning body is now considering bringing out common layout rules.As of now, there are separate layout rules for gram panchayats, municipalities and corporations in terms of open spaces, land usage conversion charges, road width and common amenities. Latest trends like multiplexes have not been incorporated in the layout rules.\"According to the layout rules, panchayat roads should be 33 ft wide where as in municipalities it should be 40 ft wide. Similarly, land conversion charges and percentage of amenities in the layout varies from area to area. Since development is taking place more under the urban development authorities in the surrounding gram panchayats and major towns, the rules have to be reconsidered,\" a DTCP official said.DTCP officials said changes were required in the panchayats which come under the urban development authorities like the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA), Visakhapatnam and Vijayawada urban development authorities.Official sources said layout rules for gram panchayats were prepared in 1973 under the AP Gram Panchayat Land Development (layout and building) Rules issued by the panchayat raj department and subsequently amended in 2002 (GO 67). It was again amended in 2007 by incorporating new developments like definition of group housing, row housing, gated community, multi-storied buildings and rain water harvesting. Similarly, there is a separate Development Control Rules 2008 for municipalities.Apart from the common layout rules, the DTCP is also planning to take up preparation of general town planning scheme (GTS) for the state on the lines of Gujarat and Orissa. The GTS is the master plan at micro level which is prepared by dividing the areas into zones. The GTS would give a clearer picture by pinpointing the areas and give details on road width, open spaces, public places and land usages.When contacted, DTCP director B Purushottam Reddy said the directorate has just begun the processing of the common layout rules. Regarding GTS, he said the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department has permitted the DTCP to send two teams to study the GTS implementation in the two states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15173370", "title": "Dowry demand can't be made without hubby's involvement: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: The Aurangabad bench of Bombay High Court has ruled that dowry demands could not be made without involvement of husband. \"In our society, unless the husband is involved, there cannot be demand of dowry or other articles,\" Justice TV Nalawade ruled while dismissing an appeal of a Jalna resident.While convicting the husband, the judge made some terse observations about social behaviour. \"In view of the nature of our society, the husband becomes primarily responsible to take care of his wife as she is totally dependent on him for everything,\" he observed while upholding Jalna sessions court's verdict in the case.\"It has become a practice to blame only wife in our society, even when she does not conceive for a long period. Nobody goes for even medical examination to see as to whether the fault is with husband. In view of these circumstances and the practice of our society, it becomes necessary for the husband to behave properly,\" the judge stated.The sessions court had convicted Vitthal Lokhande and his parents Dadarao and Godavaribai under Section 498-A of IPC for harassing wife Kalindi who later committed suicide by consuming pesticide on July 21, 1993. He was also found guilty of abetting her suicide under Section 306 of IPC. All three had challenged this judgment in high court.Just after one year of entering into wedlock, Vitthal and his parents allegedly started harassing Kalindi by accusing her of being infertile and of dark complexion. He also claimed that she was suffering from tuberculosis (TB) and was not able to cook. The trio pressured her to bring Rs4,000 from parents as part of dowry and also threatened her family that he would go for second marriage if demands were not met.Fed up with the constant ill-treatment, Kalindi consumed Endosulfan, even as medical reports cleared her of suffering from TB. The session court held that blunt injuries found on the dead body during inquest were sufficient to infer the deceased was beaten up even on the day she committed suicide and convicted all three.The high court, however, acquitted Vitthal's parents stating that the standards used against the husband could not be used against them. \"The presumption can be safely drawn against the husband, but the involvement of relatives, including parents, needs to be proved beyond all reasonable doubt. This is because there is tendency in our society to rope in all the relatives of the husband and in-laws in such case. If the courts do not take proper care to ascertain the truth, there will be always possibility of conviction of innocent relatives and innocent in-laws for the fault of husband,\" Justice Nalawade observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15175946", "title": "Should police book a suo motu case against PSI Nalvesh Desai for allegedly misbehaving with a lady activist at the Old Goa police station?", "text": "We the public have a right to expect good manners in our offices. More importantly, the concerned authorities are duty-bound to insist on a certain standard of civility in their employees. The booking of a suo motu case by the police against their own officer will help restore public confidence and act as a deterrent, thus ensuring that that civility is fostered and maintained.Oscar de NoronhaAssociate professor, PanajiPolice should not book suo motto case against PSI Navlesh Desai, as I think; police may not have powers to take any suo motu action. As per the settled law, a complainant must lodge a complaint against the accused, it is irrespective that the complainant is a police personnel or a civilian. Unless there is a complaint, police can't book anyone.Vandana JogAdvocate, PondaWhen people approach the police they must cooperate with the people and take action in the matter to help the victims. It is the duty of police officers to protect the complainants. If police officers misbehave, action has to be taken against them. If suo motu case is filed against the erring police officers, other police officers will not misbehave with people and will do their duties properly.Dulcidonio FernandesService, AssolnaWhen a person lodges a complaint in the police station, it is the duty of the station in-charge to take it on record. The truth of the matter is decided only after investigation by the police. In the instant case, the police filing a suo motu complaint will depend on the gravity of the situation.Prasanna TimbleLecturer, G R Kare College of Law, Margao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15179489", "title": "Bin the bottle, it\u2019s the breast decision for baby, says hospital", "text": "CHENNAI: When doctors and nurses at the Sri Ramachandra Medical Centre recommend working women to ensure that don't skip exclusive breastfeeding for their children for the first six months, their hospital would ensure their staff do so as well.A week ahead of the International Breastfeeding Week (August 1-7), the hospital has installed a special pump that would help women extract breast milk and store it in the refrigerator. They could take the milk back home in a special container and continue to feed the baby with the milk for up to 24 hours. \"When a mother does not nurse her baby for up to 10 hours, lactation decreases. It may stop after a few weeks, leaving the child entirely on milk from other sources. By extracting the breast milk periodically, lactation continues for the normal period of time and the baby gets nutritious food,\" said pediatrician Dr L N Padmasani, who heads the paediatrics department at the Sri Ramachandra University.The pump cost the organization Rs 1 lakh and has inspired many workplaces. Increasingly, pediatricians are recommending that workplaces should offer mothers private rooms where they can breastfeed their babies or express milk for them. The national family health survey-3 observed that the number of women breastfeeding infants was unsatisfactory. Only 69% of Indian infants below two months receive exclusive breastfeeding (six months is ideal). Between 2 and 3 months, exclusive breastfeeding falls to 51% and declines further to 28% between 4 and 5 months of age. One of the major reasons for this is that working women chose formula food or alternative such as cow's or buffalo milk to feed hungry babies.Nutrition expert Nirmala Jesudason, consultant at Frontier Lifeline Hospital, says cow/ buffalo's milk is unsuitable for infants below one year. \"It may trigger allergic reactions such as rashes, eczema, vomiting, diarrhoea. There could be bleeding of the immature gut,\" she said. Beside this there is risk of diarrhoea due to contamination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15171681", "title": "Patchy rainfall puts paddy crop in jeopardy", "text": "HYDERABAD: Despite last week's copious rainfall, 26 lakh hectares of paddy in the state is in need of water and the agriculture department is anxious that the state's foodgrain production stands to take a fall this year unless the situation were to quickly improve.According to sources, the lack of inflows into the major reservoirs has put the paddy crop in jeopardy. And in what has only compounded the problem, inadequate power supply has affected paddy cultivation under wells and lift irrigations schemes as well. That is not all: in the delta areas, known as the rice bowl of the state, the water crisis has held up paddy transplantation.Water shortages have also triggered a major political battle between the Telangana and Coastal Andhra regions and required intervention by high court which ordered that the release of water from Srisailam reservoir be discontinued as the reservoir had approached dead storage levels.As of July 25, the water level in all the major reservoirs in the state has fallen drastically.In the normal run of things, the dams would have been full by this time. However, this year, inflows into the reservoirs have dipped due to the failure of rains in Maharashtra and Karnataka.According to data released by the state government on Thursday, reservoirs in the AP are holding just 273.20tmc (thousand million cubic feet) of water at present. In the same period last year, 562.54tmc of water was available in the reservoirs, which pegs the dip in resources at 51% this year.Tungabhadra dam has an alarming 17.96tmc as opposed to the 84.14tmc it held last year. Similarly, water level in Srisailam reservoir has fallen to 46.19tmc as against 96.44tmc last year. The Nagarjunsagar reservoir is currently storing 132.86tmc, nowhere close to the 304.27tmc it held last year. The situation is no different in the Singur, Sriramsagar, Somasila and Kandaleru reservoirs.\"Although the lower reaches of Godavari have benefited from localised rains, the overall situation in the Godavari system is quite serious,\" said a senior official in the agriculture department. \"Due to lack of rains in upstream Godavari, Sriramsagar has not received any water. The situation is very bad,\" the official added.But the biggest threat remains the one facing the paddy crop. \"As groundwater levels have fallen, the paddy cultivation under wells are being,\" the official said.According to sources, the situation in Anantapur and the rain-fed areas of Nalgonda district is also fast becoming a matter of concern.For AP Rythu Sangam president S Malla Reddy, this year as well, there is every indication of a severe drought in the offing. According to the CPM leader, only about 30% of the 68,000 irrigation tanks in the state have received some water this year.Similarly, many of the lift irrigation schemes are not working because of power cuts, he said. \"Even though the state has been receiving some rainfall during the last 10 days, this has been confined to the urban areas. Vast stretches of black soil areas have received rainfall less than 5mm, which is the minimum needed for sowing,\" he said.M Kodanda Reddy, president of the Congress's farmers' wing, said that the present rains were not enough to recharge the groundwater table in Telangana. \"The present rains are useful only for sowing operations. The survival of these crops depends on rain in the coming days, which is such an unpredictable prospect,\" Reddy said.According to the planning department report, eight districts - Visakhapatnam, Nellore, Anantapur, Nizamabad, Karimnagar, Adilabad, Mahbubnagar, Nalgoda - have so far reported deficit rainfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15175010", "title": "Customs men detect Rs 1 crore hashish-filled yams", "text": "MUMBAI: July 4 was another routine day for customs officials at the air cargo complex in Andheri as they went about their job scanning goods for exports. At around 2am, as a gunny bag of yam-part of the 1,200 kg consignment containing vegetables and fruits to London-passed through the scanner, one of the officials noticed that there was a variation in the density of yams.To the naked eye, it looked normal but the officials just to make sure that there was nothing amiss with the yams, decided to cut it open. What they found was that hashish was concealed in these yams. On further checking the consignment, they found 24 yams in 11 gunny bags had 22 kg hashish inside it, which is valued at over Rs 1 crore in the international market.\"From the top, a small portion in the shape of a lid was removed. The inside was scooped out and drugs concealed in polythene bags were placed in the hollow space. The yam was then sealed with glue and the joints were covered with a thin layer of cow dung. It was a perfect job,\" a customs official said.Officials told TOI that it was the first time they have found drugs concealed in vegetables. \"This could be an innovative method to hoodwink the officials. Cow dung was used probably because it has the same texture as that of yam. Yam has a longer shelf life because of its water content,\" an official said.Customs officials found that the exporter, who is missing, had sent another consignment of yam to London a few months ago. \"He had also sent from Jawaharlal Nehru Port and other ports in the country. Some of these consignments were exported to Singapore ,\" an official said. Officials said it was not possible now to say whether drugs were sent in those consignments. The London-based buyer is Indian and investigations are continuing.They said the exporter was only an operative, while the real players are from a southern state. \"He opened bank accounts on forged documents but the payments were made from some other accounts. He resided in Vashi but the flat was not leased to him. The flat was leased to someone else who left it six months ago. We are not even sure whether he ever stayed at this address,\" the official said.Customs officials also visited the APMC market in Vashi to gather information about the export demand of the vegetable and also the smuggler. \"No one heard of this person. Unless we trace him, it is not possible to find out more about his modus operandi,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15176071", "title": "2G scam: Trial against Essar, Loop promoters begins", "text": "NEW DELHI: A special CBI court on Thursday commenced the trial against Essar Teleholdings Ltd and Loop Telecom, accused in a case flowing out of the probe into the 2G spectrum allocation scam.Special judge O P Saini recorded the statements of two CBI witnesses in the case in which Essar group's Ravi Ruia and Anshuman Ruia, Loop Telecom's I P Khaitan and Kiran Khaitan and Essar group director (strategy and planning) Vikash Saraf have been named as accused.Besides these five, three telecom firms -- Loop Telecom Pvt Ltd, Loop Mobile India Ltd and Essar Teleholdings Ltd -- have also been arrayed as accused in the case.During recording of statement, prosecution witness Sumeet Rakesh Khanna, a bank official, was shown some documents pertaining to the bank account of Essar Teleholdings Ltd in ABN Amro Bank, where he was earlier working.He told the court that ABN Amro Bank was later acquired by Royal Bank of Scotland. Khanna, who is presently working with Firstrand Bank in Mumbai, identified account opening form of Essar Teleholdings Ltd at Chennai branch of ABN Amro Bank and said it was signed by the company's authorized signatory.Khanna also identified three cheques issued by Essar Teleholdings Ltd on March 16, 2005. He also identified a June 29, 2004 letter regarding a resolution which was passed by the company and was sent to the bank for Saraf's appointment as an authorized signatory.During his cross-examination by senior advocate S V Raju, who appeared for the Ruias and Essar Teleholdings Ltd, Khanna said when he was with ABN Amro Bank, he was not concerned with the firm's bank account.\"I do not have any personal knowledge of these documents or contents thereof. In Royal Bank of Scotland, I was working in Lower Parel branch, Mumbai, in 2011, when these documents were handed over by me to the IO,\" he said.Besides Khanna, the court also recorded the statement of prosecution witness Rakesh Kumar, MTNL's section supervisor.The court on May 25 had paved the way for their trial after framing charges of conspiracy to cheat the government. The court had charged all the accused for offences under Section 120 B (criminal conspiracy) read with Section 420 (cheating) of IPC, while substantial charge of cheating was made out against Saraf.The court, while framing charges against the accused, had granted bail to the Ruias, the Khaitans and Saraf on a personal bond of Rs 5 lakh each and two sureties of like amount.The CBI had filed the charge-sheet against them on December 12 last year following its probe into the 2G spectrum allocation scam during the tenure of former telecom minister A Raja.Essar has denied any involvement in the 2G spectrum scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "15178316", "title": "Angry Sangrur villagers lockout power sub station", "text": "SANGRUR: Angered over the erratic power supply for agriculture sector and near blackout for domestic sector, the residents of four Sangrur villages on Thursday expressed concern by locking a 66 KV grid sub station at village Ghanori Kalan.The grid, though supplies power to more than half a dozen villages but the residents of four villages were getting erratic power supply.Hundreds of farmers under the banner of farmer organization BKU Lakhowal assembled at the Ghanori Kalan village 66 KV grid sub station on Thursday morning and served an ultimatum to executive engineer to reach there by 12 noon or they will take a drastic step.As the executive engineer was away, he sent two sub divisional officers Suresh Kumar and Prem Singh, but not satisfied with their arrival, the farmers locked the main gate of the grid with even the officials inside.The executive engineer knowing about reached the grid at about 3 pm along with Dhuri Tehsildar Manjit Singh.Both the officials assured the protesters to set right the power supply for domestic sector along with assurance of providing 6 hours uninterrupted power for agriculture sector and only then the lock was opened but with a warning.Farmer organization representatives Kapur singh, Avtar Singh said the power supply to villagers is very poor and concerned over it we had locked the officials and if the power supply was not set right as assured, we will go in for more drastic step\".Executive engineer PK Garg said, \"Six hours power supply is being provided to agriculture and efforts are on to provide uninterrupted supply to domestic sector as well but as the conditions are not favourable, the farmers could have got angered\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15172738", "title": "Hearing adjourned on Congress MLAs\u2019 plea", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh high court (HC) has adjourned to August 7 the hearing on the petition filed by two Congress MLAs, challenging their expulsion from the membership of the assembly, following requests both from the petitioners and the respondents, including the state government.The adjournment of hearing comes at a time when the state legislative assembly is scheduled to meet for a day's special session on Friday to restore the membership of both the MLAs, possibility by adopting a resolution to restore the membership of Congress legislature Party deputy leader Choudhary Rakesh Singh and Kalpana Parulekar.Apart from challenging their expulsion, Singh and Parulekar have also objected to the Election Commission order whereby their names were struck out from the voters list of presidential polls last week-- a day after they were \"disqualified\" as members.In their plea, the two Congress leaders have contended that the resolution to terminate their membership had been passed without giving them an opportunity to explain their position which, they pleaded, amounted to violation of natural justice.Their petition pointed out that the decision of annulling their membership was against the apex court's order in cash for vote case in 2007 and argued that their expulsion was ultra-vires and illegal according to the privileges enshrined to the elected members under the Article 194 of the Constitution.The petition of the two Congress leaders' stated they had been expelled for continuously raising corruption issue in the House. Also, it said their expulsion was done to quell the Congress' voice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15188670", "title": "Anurag plans to turn his film into a musical", "text": "If those close to Anurag Kashyap are to be believed, then a Broadway style musical on his film Gangs Of Wasseypur (parts 1 and 2 combined), is on its way. However, the sources insist that it wasn't just Anurag but also his wife Kalki Koechlin who came up with this idea.A source told TOI, \"Kalki is very active in theatre and she thought the storyline of the film makes for a perfect Broadway style musical for the Indian audience. And now Anurag is planning to work on this. In fact, apart from the creative support, Kalki may also work in the musical.\"However, despite repeated attempts, Anurag remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15176052", "title": "Karapur man held for stabbing wife", "text": "Bicholim police have arrested Janu Bute from Kulan, Karapur-Bicholim for allegedly attacking his wife, Sumitra, with a knife injuring her seriously. The incident occurred late Monday night. The complaint, in this regard, was lodged by Sumitra on Wednesday after she recovered from the attack. PI Ninad Deulkar informed TOI that a minor altercation between husband and wife led to manhandling in which the husband overpowered his wife by attacking her with a knife. Sumitra was badly injured and lay in a pool of blood. However, the children woke up and raised an alarm due to which neighbors rushed to her rescue and admitted her to the hospital by ambulance. On Thursday, the accused was remanded to 14 days police custody by JMFC, Bicholim.Police on lookout for mining activist: Police are on the lookout for anti-mining activist Rama Velip from Colomb, Rivona, who has supposedly gone into hiding, after a co-villager lodged a complaint with Quepem police alleging that he was assaulted by the activist. Police sources said that Dayanand Gaonkar of Colomb had deposed against Velip in a criminal case before the Sanguem court. Gaonkar's deposition against him angered Velip, who assaulted the former over the matter when Gaonkar had gone to a shop along with his sister. The altercation soon turned ugly and Velip allegedly assaulted Gaonkar, police said. Quepem police booked an offence against Velip and have registered charges of wrongful restraint and assault.Colva house robbed: Unknown culprits broke into the house belonging to one Madhuri Rivonkar at Colva on Wednesday night and decamped with gold ornaments and cash, amounting to 3.5 lakh. Police sources informed that the thieves gained entry into the house after breaking open the main door when all the occupants of the house were asleep.MMC continues anti-encroachment drive: In continuation of the ongoing massive encroachment drives in Margao under the supervision of the new chief officer of the Margao Municipal Council, Srinet Kotwale, the area behind the Konkan Railway tracks in Aquem near the fire brigade building were cleared and eight 'gadda's were seized on Thursday. MMC market inspector Mohan Arlekar said that each kiosk was worth around 25,000 and that there was confiscated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15177467", "title": "School to receive show-cause notice", "text": "NASHIK: Three days after Rasbihari International School (RIS) issued notices to parents warning them of strict action if they failed to pay the revised fee for the academic year, the deputy director of secondary and higher secondary education assured that a show-cause notice will be issued to the school by Friday evening.The parents of students from RIS approached the deputy director, T N Supe, with their grievances on Thursday. The school had allegedly hiked the fees by over 60% without notice. The parents, along with volunteers of Forum Against Commercialization of Education (FACE) met the deputy director and submitted their grievances in writing.Milind Wagh of FACE asked about the role of the department of secondary and higher secondary education in cases like this one. The deputy director said that according to the government resolution of June 15, 2010, a school has to apply to the education department for fee approval along with the necessary documents six months prior to the academic year.Volunteers of FACE and the parents demanded that the anti-capitation fee Act be imposed on the school. According to the Act, any amount charged apart from that decided by the government is donation and any person found guilty of collecting capitation fee is liable for criminal prosecution and the education department can register an FIR.\"According to the Act, the deputy director has the right to take action against the school that is not following the rules,\" said Shridhar Deshpande of FACE. S K Jain, a parent, said \"The patience of parents has been tried. We are also prepared to go to the police.\"The school has been asked to reply within eight days. The school authorities however chose to keep mum on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15171125", "title": "Bapiraju eyes second term as Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams chief", "text": "HYDERABAD: Kanumuri Bapiraju is eyeing a second term as Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) chairman even as he faces stiff competition from senior Congress leaders who are also leaving no stone unturned to bag the coveted post. The term of the present trust board headed by Bapiraju ends next month. Though the TTD chairman has a two-year term, the government gave him only one-year term last year after the devasthanams was embroiled in several controversies with the specified authority managing the affairs of the richest temple for some time.Sources said the chances of Bapiraju getting a second term were bright as his tenure was non-controversial, if not effective. \"None of Bapiraju's predecessors had a smooth sailing as their names cropped up in controversies and scams. But Bapiraju has so far managed to run the board smoothly by putting his foot down where it mattered the most,\" a TTD insider said. Sources said Bapiraju had been in constant touch with Union minister Chidambaram and new president Pranab Mukherjee . Pranab reportedly called up Bapiraju and asked him to rush to Delhi with Lord Venkateswara's famous laddu prasadam ahead of his swearing-in as the 13{+t}{+h} President on Wednesday morning. \"Bapiraju is confident about getting an extension owing to his proximity to Congress president Sonia Gandhi ,\" a senior TTD official told TOI. Bapiraju was much in news for the goof up in issuing thousands of passes to VIP pilgrims during Ekadasi celebrations in January this year, forcing some MLAs to complain to the assembly speaker on the 'quota' system for the VIPs.Apart from Bapiraju, another name doing the rounds for the post was that of former TTD chairman T Subbarami Reddy. However, the buzz is that when the Congress high command was not keen on him, he suggested his wife Indira's name.For the time being, Guntur MP Rayapati Sambasiva Rao's name has been dropped, sources said. \"As his name was dragged in a sex scandal, the party might put his candidature on the backburner. But given his ambition for the post, Rayapati would move heaven and earth to secure the post,\" an observer said. Rayapati made known his displeasure last time round when he was denied the post and Bapiraju was made the chairman.Sources said though Bapiraju is fancying his chances, he is up against endowments minister C Ramachandraiah, who does not see eye to eye with the former. In recent times, the minister had openly flayed Bapiraju and executive officer LV Subramanyam. \"Bapiraju could not prove himself as a tough administrator and the minister is miffed with his ways of pandering to a select VIP lobby who frequent Tirumala,\" sources said.The tenure of three Congress MLAs, Ch Muthyam Reddy (Dubbaka), Pammula Rajeswari Devi (Gannavaram-SC), and Routhu Surya Prakasa Rao (Rajahmundry) who were appointed members of the trust board would also end in AugustThe TTD board can have a maximum of 11 members. The present body replaced the board headed by then chairman D K Adikesavulu Naidu following serious charges of irregularities levelled against the TTD administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15178200", "title": "Woman, son held for fake visa racket", "text": "JALANDHAR: A woman and her son were arrested by the Jalandhar commissionerate police for duping people of Rs 60 lakh by stamping fake visas on their passports.While Sarwan Singh, one son of accused Lakhbir Kaur has been arrested, the other, Sandeep Singh, is at large. They were running the travel agency from their Geeta Colony residence here.According to police, at least 14 youths were cheated by issuing them fake visas for Canada. The victims filed a complaint with the police after the fraud was discovered by Lakhbir Singh, who happened to cross-check with the Canadian embassy. Police have recovered 12 fake visas for Canada from their office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15179705", "title": "AAI staff lobby to stop airport privatisation", "text": "CHENNAI: The standoff is worsening between the Airports Authority of India (AAI) and the Planning Commission over the privatisation of the Chennai and Kolkata airports. Fear of retrenchment and loss of revenue has fuelled AAI's hostility to the proposal.Though the plan panel has briefed the Tamil Nadu government on the plan to divest Chennai airport and sent the proposal to the ministry of civil aviation seeking an immediate response, the ministry has not yet agreed to play along, a senior deputy director at AAI's headquarters in Delhi said.After meetings over the past week during which senior AAI officials expressed concern over the privatisation plan, more than 100 employees of the authority including senior staff staged a protest at the Chennai airport on Wednesday. \"We have decided to meet chief minister J Jayalalithaa with a petition demanding that the state government take a stand against the privatisation plan,\" said L George, regional secretary (metro) of Airports Authority Employees' Union. \"There is no logic in selling the airports to private players after spending thousands of crores of rupees to upgrade them,\" said an AAI official.The authority, a public sector entity that operates a majority of the airports in the country, has spent 2,015 crore on the modernisation of the Chennai airport and 2,350 crore to upgrade the Kolkata airport. The package deal proposed by the Planning Commission for the Chennai airport includes its two new terminals and 900 acres of land along GST Road. The privatisation of Chennai and Kolkata airports will result in a huge dent in AAI's finances as the other 125 small airports in the country under AAI generate little revenue.Another AAI official in Delhi headquarters said the ministry of civil aviation is likely to announce a final decision on the privatisation of the Chennai and Kolkata airports before August 15. \"If the Planning Commission has its way, the ministry will be handing over modernised airports and real estate worth crores of rupees on a platter to a private company or consortium,\" he said. If the aviation ministry accepts the Planning Commission proposal, AAI plans to suggest a joint venture partnership with an international airport operator from Singapore, Austria or Korea to avoid complete divestment and avoid privatisation of land rights.Air Passengers Association of India president D Sudhakara Reddy said the plan would benefit from enhanced efficiency of service if the airports are privatised. \"They should not be made to pay high charges like user fee and others,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15170878", "title": "Forest minister for tough action against erring devaswoms", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Forest minister K B Ganesh Kumar has warned of strict action against those who torture elephants in the state. Elephants owned by devaswom boards are being subjected to cruel treatment these days. It has been decided to take strict action against those involved in this, the minister said.The minister pointed out that the mahout involved in the torture of an elephant at Guruvayur devaswom was arrested immediately. He urged everyone, including the officials not to protect any persons involved in the torture of elephants.More and more reports of elephant torture are being reported from various parts of the state. Recently the media had exposed an incident in which a group of four men was involved. \"It has been decided to take action against these people. No one will be spared. I request no one should come to me with any recommendations for these people,'' said the minister.The minister also criticized Travancore Devaswom Board for the sad plight of elephants owned by it. \"The board has no idea how many elephants it has and where they are deployed. The forest department had submitted a Rs 4.5 crore project for the protection of elephants. But even after five months the board has not responded to it,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15172476", "title": "JD(U) cries foul over MLAs membership issue", "text": "BHOPAL: With just a day left for the Vidhan Sabha's day-long special session on Friday, Janata Dal-U, an ally of the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA), has described the expulsion of two Congress MLAs from the membership of the assembly as \"unconstitutional ab initio.\" The manner in which efforts are being made to restore their membership is also illegal, the JD-U said.\"Constitutional provisions makes the entire situation illegal from the beginning,\" state JD (U) president Govind Yadav said in a statement, seeking the intervention of President, Election Commission and the governor to protect the spirit of the constitutional provisions.A special session of the assembly is scheduled to meet Friday apparently to adopt a resolution to restore the membership of two Congress legislators-Congress Legislature Party (CLP) deputy leader Choudhary Rakesh Singh and Dr Kalpana Parulekar. Both of them were expelled from the membership of the House on July 18 after the House amid din, adopted a voice vote disqualifying the two from the membership of the assembly for allegedly showing disrespect to the speaker, blocking his way to the House, climbing onto the podium and tearing off papers.\"The entire situation-first the expulsion from membership and then the move to restore membership-is unconstitutional. Both the ruling BJP and the opposition Congress are birds of a feather when it comes to protecting each other's interests,\" Yadav told TOI.Quoting the Article 191 of the Constitution, state JDU president argued that the provisions for disqualification from membership has been clearly laid down in the article and under the provisions of the tenth schedule. Similarly, the Article 192 (1) of the constitution says, \"If any question arises as to whether a member of a House of the Legislature of a State has become subject to any of the disqualifications mentioned in clause (1) of Article 191, the question shall be referred for the decision of the governor and his decision shall be final,\" he pointed out, adding that as per Article 192 (2), before giving any decision on any such question, the governor shall obtain the opinion of the Election Commission and shall act according to such opinion.Yadav said article 191 empowers the governor to decide on the matters pertaining to disqualification of members while tenth schedule vests powers with the speaker to decide on disqualification by following a due procedure.After two legislators Choudhary Rakesh Singh and Kalpana Parulekar were expelled from the House and their seats-Bhind and Mahidpur-were declared as vacant by the Election Commission, political atmosphere began hotting up in the state with Congress MLAs coming forward to resign en masse. Apparently sensing trouble that the corruption issues, being raised by the Congress could snowball into a major political issue, the ruling BJP offered an olive branch to the Congress, offering to restore their membership. On their part, the two Congress MLAs promptly expressed their regrets over their conduct in the House.Later, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan had discussions with his senior ministers, speaker Ishwardas Rohani and legal experts on the issue of restoration of membership of two expelled legislators. Later, the governor issued a notification convening a special session of the assembly on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15173119", "title": "58 teen traffic offenders caught", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after charging 74 students of Jai Hind and St Xavier's College for violation of various traffic rules, the Zone-I police on Thursday charged 58 students of HR and KC College for the same offence.Deputy commissioner of police (Zone 1) Ravindra Shisve, in its drive to bring about strict discipline among college students\u2014particularly those riding rashly\u2014conducted nakabandhis on Thursday and charged 58 students of HR and KC College for traffic violation.The police started the drive a week after a 74-year-old Marine Drive resident, Sampat Maroo, was knocked down by a 17-year-old student of Jai Hind College at Dinshaw Wacha Road at Churchgate on July 18. During probe, it came to light that the teenager did not possess a driving licence and that he was driving his uncle's car.Cops said that of 58 students charged, 44 were found driving without helmets, three of them who were driving their fathers' vehicles did not have driving licence, three others jumped signal and eight of them were found driving cars without any vehicle documents. DCP Shisve said that the police campaign will continue in some locations adjoining colleges in the coming days.According to the police, since Sampat Maroo's accident, several residents who go out for morning walks have complained about rash driving. When some senior citizens confronted the youngsters, they abused them, sources said.Based on the complaints, the Marine Drive and Azad Maidan police on Wednesday carried out checks at a road near Churchgate and at the BMC Road outside the St Xavier's College in which 74 students were charged for violation of traffic rules. While 65 of them were from Jai Hind, six were from Xavier's College. DCP Shisve said that the police will soon be writing to both the colleges in this regard.A senior police officer said the drive will not only be restricted to south Mumbai but that all zonal DCPs have been asked to carry out checks in the respective areas in the morning, particularly outside colleges. He said the police will soon conduct lectures in colleges to bring awareness on traffic rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15172610", "title": "Man shot dead, relative on the run", "text": "JAIPUR: The police on Thursday booked a man for barging into the house of his daughter-in-law's brother and shooting him to death in Nahargarh police station area on Wednesday night. The accused, who is on the run, was irked over his son's closeness with the victim, said police.A 24-year-old jeweller, Krishna Soni, had returned home from his shop around 10.30 pm when somebody came to the house and shot him, said DCP (East) Mahendra Singh.He added that his elder sister Pushpa was at home and rushed outside hearing the gunshot.\"She found her brother in a pool of blood. However, the shooter escaped from the spot,\" said the officer. Nahargarh police station in-charge PC Bhaskar said that Chiranji Lal Soni, father-in-law of Krishna's sister could be the murderer.\"We came to know that Rajendra, husband of Krishna's sister, was very close to the deceased. Chiranji Lal did not want Rajendra to have any relations with Krishna and his family which had led to disputes between the father and the son. Due to this, Rajendra had started living separately from his father,\" said the officer. The officer added that Chiranji Lal was irked over this.\"He had issued threats to Rajendra in the past that he would kill someone over this,\" said the officer. The officer added that Chiranji Lal has a criminal background and have some cases registered against him.Meanwhile, as per Krishna's wishes, his eyes were donated to the Eye Bank Society.\"Krishna was the only brother to his four sisters. He used to express his wish that his eyes should be donated,\" said a family member. Puspha, Krishna's sister, called up Eye Bank Society around 3 am on Thursday. As it was a police case, the clearance was sought from Nahargarh police and medical jurist.\"We got the permission and accepted the retinas of both of his eyes,\" a member of Eye Bank Society told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15171251", "title": "Students fall sick after having stale food", "text": "HYDERABAD: One hundred and seven students of Navodaya Gurukul School in Nizamsagar fell sick after consuming stale food served in their hostel in the last two days. While 60 students fell sick on Wednesday, 47 others started vomiting and complained of severe stomach pain on Thursday. All the sick studentsThey have been shifted to the government hospital. Parents alleged that their children fell sick after consuming stale food. \"There were worms in the rotten rice yet the hostel authorities prepared food and served to the students,\" a parent rued. Refuting the parents' allegations, hostel warden claimed that quality food was being served to the students.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15175072", "title": "Killers of cop's son arrested from jail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of city crime branch arrested two persons in connection with the murder of Dastgir Saiyad, 26, a resident of Gandhinagar and the son of an assistant Gandhinagar police sub-inspector. The duo confessed that they had robbed the car Saiyad was driving and killed him as he had seen their faces. The accused, who were lodged in jail, were brought on transfer for investigation.According to crime branch officials, a team led by inspector BP Rojiya investigating arms dealing case was questioning an accused Vijay Jadav. Jadav in his statement mentioned his ties with two criminals Shaktisinh Chudasama and Dinesh Shukla. He told investigators that the duo was involved in murder of a youth and had used one of the weapons procured from him.\"The case was investigated by Ahmedabad and Surendranagar police. Saiyad had been to Dev Arc Mall on SG Highway on January 8 to meet his fiancee. He was reported missing from there with his car. A week later, Surendranagar police recovered his body from near Thangadh and the car from near Chotila. The body bore a bullet wound which had punctured his heart and caused instantaneous death. The murder had taken place in the car as the car had blood on the rear seat. The criminals however were unidentified,\" said a crime branch official.As Surendranagar police and local crime branch did not make any headway in the case, its probe was handed over to Raghavendra Vats, the superintendent of police. \"As we got the names from Jadav, we began to trace them and found out that they were lodged in Sabarmati jail. We got their custody. They confessed to the murder,\" said the official. They stated that they had planned a robbery in Rajkot and wanted a getaway car. The duo had returned from Uttar Pradesh and had also procured a country-made gun. They saw Saiyad on the highway and took him in his car on gun point. Near Sarkhej, Saiyad was shot dead as he had seen their faces. They then threw the body from a bridge to delay the probe,\" said the official.Officials said that Chudasama and Shukla, were earlier involved in a number of robberies and did attempt the robbery in Rajkot as planned but failed to execute it. The duo were caught with firearms by Shaherkotda police officials in Ahmedabad during vehicle checking and were sent to prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15170839", "title": "Osmania University students attack buses", "text": "HYDERABAD: Students of Osmania University and Bahujan Samajwadi Party (BSP) activists pelted stones at buses at Tarnaka crossroads on Thursday after the news of the desecration of statue of former UP chief minister Mayawati reached the city. In the evening, 30 activists marched up to Tarnaka crossroads and started pelting stones at buses. Some APSRTC buses and another bus ferrying Infosys employees were attacked.The shaken employees disembarked from the vehicle and went away in other modes of transportation.As tension prevailed in the area, police rushed to the spot and security in and around Tarnaka and Habsiguda was tightened. Meanwhile, some OU students burnt the effigy of Navanirman Samithi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15177369", "title": "Spoilt for choice", "text": "COIMBATORE: In today's world engineering aspirants have a wealth of courses offered by numerous engineering colleges to choose from. One would think the variety of courses being offered is an advantage that the youth of previous generations could not avail. However, students today are increasingly confused about what course to apply for and at which college. Often, parents pay through their nose to get their children admitted in a particular college for a particular course, only to find that they made the wrong choice.According to data from the Controller of Examinations of Anna University of Technology, only 55 of the 125 colleges in the western region including Salem, Namakkal and Karur had more than 60% pass rate. \"The most obvious confusion among budding engineers is whether the course or the college should receive top priority. Sometimes the best colleges may not offer the particular course that the student is interested in,\" said C Pichandy, state general secretary of Association of University Teachers and a faculty with Coimbatore-based PSG group of educational institutions.The first preference among candidates continues to be government and government aided institutions. \"With the rare exception of colleges like SSN College of Engineering, the bulk of students still opt for government institutions. As far as self-financing colleges are concerned, Kumaraguru College of Technology and Sri Krishna College of Technology are among the best the city has to offer,\" says a senior faculty in the Anna University of Technology, Coimbatore.As far as choosing a course, most students stick to the thumb rule of verifying whether the college has a good faculty and infrastructure. \"If a college has good faculty, it has already done well for itself. It is better than having all the infrastructure in the world with no one to make use of it,\" said educationist S Rajagopal.Students should also look at whether the college offers good placement. Value addition such as facilities to study for GATE, TOEFEL and GRE is also given importance. \"Students must have exposure to latest developments in the chosen field apart from the keenness of the faculty to bring in the very best of their teaching capabilities,'' said another senior faculty of Anna University of Technology, Coimbatore.According to players in the education field, academic performance of students in a college is a reasonable criterion to gauge a college's performance. Many colleges bloat their internal marks. If you go just by the external marks, only 15-18 percent of students pass. College managements often manipulate the mark sheets because it is one criteria for evaluating colleges during admissions,'' said a senior academician. \"Quality of students matters a lot. Only the top colleges get quality students,'' he added.However, students have to watch out for proper affiliation from bodies like the AICTE. According to Pichandy, often there is a discord between the government and monitoring bodies like the AICTE over banning a poorly performing college. \"Some colleges are little more than sheds. They somehow get AICTE affiliation and start operations. When this becomes a controversy, various bodies with the power to ban these colleges don't see eye to eye,\" said Pichandy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15191778", "title": "Anti Sikh riots: Summons delivered to Central Authority of India, Process Server tells US Court", "text": "JALANDHAR: A US Process Server responsible for service of summons abroad pursuant to \"Hague Service Convention\" has affirmed through an affidavit before US Federal Court that the delivery of summons and complaint to the Central Authority of India was completed as required under the Hague Convention in the case filed against Indian National Congress by Sikhs For Justice and 1984 riots victims.The Hague process server, in the affidavit submitted on July 20, has urged the Federal Judge presiding over \"Sikh Genocide\" case to deny the Congress' July 13 claim that they have not received summons of the US court.Earlier, on July 18 Judge Robert W. Sweet of US Federal Court reserved the decision on the issues of effective service of summons and personal jurisdiction in the Sikh Genocide Case.Meanwhile on the basis of evidence from Process Forwarding International (PFI), which is also official Process Server to \"United States Department of Justice\" and \"United States Department of State\", showing delivery of summons on Central Authority of India, SFJ on July 20 filed a motion before Judge Sweet requesting: jurisdictional discovery; a declaration that service has been affected ; and leave to further amend the complaint to add the name of Sonia Gandhi , President of Congress Party.Rick Hamilton, Director of PFI in his notarized statement to the court declares that \"in March 2011, the plaintiffs (Sikhs for Justice) retained PFI to effect service pursuant to Hague Service Convention on Indian National Congress in India. On March 28, the summons, complaints and appropriate documentations and forms were delivered to the Central Authority in India\" thus completing the requirements of service as per Hague Service Convention. Hamilton's affidavit further stated that \"unfortunately, it has been my experience with the Central Authority in India in recent years that they simply do not respond.\"SFJ's July 20 submissions to the court also include affidavit of PFI, status report from PFI stating that \"the process service request was received by the Indian Authorities 03/28/11 via Fedex , Tracking 794567536700. As of 07/17/12 no confirmation of service or any reason service would not be made has been received from the Indian Authorities.\"Central Authority of India has been established by Government of India for receiving and serving judicial documents from foreign courts pursuant to Hague Convention on Service Abroad of 1965 which has been signed by India and United States.According to Gurpatwant Singh Pannun, legal advisor of SFJ, said that under Article 15 of the Hague Convention service is considered complete once copy of Summons and Complaint is delivered to the Central Authority.On March 1, 2011, a class action law suit was filed by Sikhs For Justice and victims of November 1984 Sikh Genocide under Alien Tort Statute (ATS) and Torture Victim Protection Act (TVPA) against Congress (I) for conspiring, aiding, abetting and carrying out Genocidal attacks on Sikhs in November 1984.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15172542", "title": "Bhopal Special Olympics: 4-year-old Zehra Javed steals the show", "text": "BHOPAL: Some play to win, some play to gain popularity. But, she played to register a protest against the killers of thousands people in the Bhopal gas tragedy. Meet Zehra Javed, the four-year-old girl with physical disability, who stole the show on Thursday by winning the crab walking, an event organised under the Bhopal Special Olympics at Arif Nagar hockey ground. Zehra was the only girl participant in the crab walking event.Zehra's father Mohd Javed is a victim of gas tragedy. \"He was severely affected after the MIC exposure. Consequently, his eyes and kidney were badly affected,\" Javed's wife Noosrat Jehan said with tears rolled down her eyes.Zehra is a second generation gas victim with congenital physical problems. \"After her birth, we came to know that she could not speak and her one leg was not developed. Later, we got to know that it was just because of the ill-effects of the gas that she got from her father,\" Noosrat said recounting her woes.Noosrat said: \"With our participation, my family and I wanted to protest against the Dow Chemicals. We can't accept that the company which should own the legacy of the Union Carbide has been supported by the international Olympic Committee ( IOC ).\"Referring to the participants like Zehra, Rachna Dhingra, one of the organizers, said, \"This is what we wanted to convey to the London Olympics organisers that despite facing odds in the life, even small kids affected from gas would keep protesting the decision of taking sponsorships from Dow chemicals.\"Ali Iqbal came second in the same event and Umar Farooq won the third position.In all several interesting events including, assisted wheel-chair race, 25 m sprint (girls and boys), 25 m walking (boys), assisted walk, walking with walker race, softball throw (boys and girls) and crab walking took place.Earlier, before the start of the event, a ballet was organised to depict the problems being faced by the victims of Bhopal gas tragedy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "vijayawada/hyderabad", "code": "15170891", "title": "Congress colleagues' call for Parthasarathy's head", "text": "Vijayawada/HYDERABAD: Minister K Parthasarathy is in trouble with pressure within the Congress mounting over calls for his resignation after the Krishna district MLA was convicted by an economic offences court. Sources said chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana are believed to have asked Parthasarathy to put in his papers before opposition parties sharpened their attack.Although there is no official word on the minister's removal, MLC and the CM's aide Magham Rangareddy reportedly met Parthasarathy in Hyderabad on Thursday and conveyed to him the CM's message urging him to quit the cabinet.Parthasarathy, for his part, maintained he had done nothing wrong and claimed that the case pertained to the time when he was yet to join active politics. \"I have briefed the CM about the case details,\" he told mediapersons in Hyderabad but refused to be drawn into a debate regarding his possible ouster. Sources said Vijayawada MP Lagadapati Rajagopal was present at the meeting when Parthasarathy called on the CM.Sources said that the verdict of the economic offences court, which sent Parthasarathy to two months simple imprisonment on charges of having violated the Foreign Exchange Regulation Act (Fera), has left the party leadership in a piquant position. Referring to the recent resignation of Union small industries minister Veerabhadra Singh soon after the CBI filed charges against him in connection with a two-decade-old case, a senior MP is believed to have asked the CM how a minister in the state cabinet could be spared after sentencing by a court.Given the All India Congress Committee's displeasure in such matters, the CM is likely to find it tough to defend his ministers. However, at the same time, Parthasarathy's background as a Yadav leader is reportedly playing on the Kiran Kumar's mind, who is worried about the repercussions for the party of the MLA's sacking. Sources said that Congress leaders are worried they might invite the wrath of the backward classes as Parthasarathy would be the second BC minister in recent days after Mopidevi Venkataramana to be nailed and asked to quit the cabinet.\"If Parthasarathy escapes, it will be due to his caste, a factor which cannot be ignored,\" observed a senior Congress leader. The CM is already facing severe criticism from his party leaders for appearing to be protective of the Reddy group while selectively targeting BC leaders. Parthasarathy has himself cried foul about BC ministers being targeted by a powerful section of leaders in the Congress.Meanwhile, Parthasarathy's failure to furnish information on cases pending with Election Commission (EC) in connection with the 2009 elections has provided opposition parties with additional ammunition with which to target the ruling party. \"It amounts to misleading the EC which can bar the minister from contesting elections for six years,\" pointed out senior TDP leader Kodela Sivaprasada Rao, who demanded that Parthasarathy be sacked immediately.In his affidavit filed with EC for the 2009 election, Parthasarathy declared his holding in KPR Tele Products, the company facing the charges of Fera violations. In the affidavit, Parthasarathy had submitted that he held over two lakh shares in KPR Tele Products. \"It is clear that he was aware of the running of the company as well as of the cases pending against the firm. He deliberately avoided sharing these facts with EC,\" said YSR Congress leader Samineni Udayabhanu.Defending Parthasarathy, advocate and Congress leader Srihari said that although candidates were required to provide details of cases pending against them, not giving information about petty cases was not a big crime which attracts at least two years imprisonment and hence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15176328", "title": "Ensure welfare of staff, PCMC tells SWaCH Take care of staff welfare", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has issued a notice to SWaCH, one of the agencies that collect garbage from houses, asking them to take adequate measures to ensure the safety and welfare of its workers.The health department of the civic body sent the notice early this month after it received a complaint from Raju Savale, vice-president, environment, Pimpri Chinchwad unit of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS). The PCMC notice has stated that an on-site verification showed that the agency does not provide facilities to its workers.Drivers of the garbage collection trucks are not given salaries as per the minimum wages rule. They are not given medical care if they sustain injuries and they work without weekly holidays.The employees who collect garbage do not have uniforms, raincoats, gloves or masks. They are not given provident fund or other insurance scheme benefits.The PCMC has directed the agency to follow the directives and the conditions in the agreement between corporation and the agency.Shabana Diler, chief executive officer of SWaCH, said, \"We have replied to the notice of the health department.\" Diler refused to give more details.SWaCH collects 250 tonne garbage from about 2.5 lakh houses.Garbage from the remaining 2.5 lakh houses in the city is collected by another agency.PCMC has provided 110 hopper rickshaws with two separate compartments for dry and wet garbage to collect garbage dumped at designated sites. However, as garbage segregation is not done at source, mixed garbage is collected in the rickshaws and segregated by the employees later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15174980", "title": "School van crushes 9-yr-old boy in South East Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A nine-year-old boy was killed by a van reportedly carrying school students in southwest Delhi on Thursday. The boy, Mohammad Sarfaraz, was crossing the road at around 7.20am when he was run over near pillar 725 of the Nawada Metro station.\"The vehicle has been identified as a white Maruti Eeco school van. However, the registration number noted by witnesses is of an autorickshaw. We have registered a case of causing death due to rash and negligent driving and are probing the matter further,\" said additional commissioner of police (southwest) AK Ojha.Family members said Sarfaraz and his family had finished sehri (morning meal during Ramzan) and gone back to sleep. However, Sarfaraz woke up his mother Sameela Khatoon and asked for Rs 10.\"Those were his last words. He probably wanted to buy something, but I told him that I would give the money later,\" Sameela told TOI.Sarfaraz ran out of the house while his family slept and was crossing the road to a shop on the other side, when the van hit him.A woman told the family that Sarfaraz was tossed up in the air due to the impact. \"The vehicle did not even slow down,\" said Sarfaraz's elder sister Nazma.The boy was rushed to Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital, where he was pronounced dead, police said.Sarfaraz was studying in Class IV at a nearby municipal school. \"He would go to school around 1pm, so it was still early for him to be awake. We did not know that he had left the house,\" said Nazma. Sarfaraz is survived by his parents and three siblings. His father, a disabled, lives in his native village.After the accident, locals gathered at the accident spot and blocked the main Najafgarh-Tilak Nagar road for about an hour. The protesters shouted slogans against Delhi Police and alleged that the local police reached half an hour late after the PCR call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15175117", "title": "Sonia attributes her absence to \u2018personal\u2019 reasons", "text": "LUCKNOW: In her first visit to Rae Bareli since her party's drubbing in the assembly and municipal polls, Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Thursday hinted at the increasing bonhomie between Samajwadi Party and the Congress. Addressing party workers and assuring the masses that Rae Bareli would soon be put on a path to progress, Gandhi took the symbolic first step by inaugurating the beautification and expansion work of National Highway 24B, connecting Lucknow and Allahabad, via Rae Bareli. The UPA chairperson also said that her government has received \"positive signals\" from the UP government, for promoting development in Rae Bareli.Attributing her absence from Rae Bareli to \"personal\" reasons, Sonia Gandhi also attempted to reach out to Congress workers and common people by saying she felt good after meeting them. On Friday, the Congress president will also meet people from her constituency for two hours in the morning before heading a review meeting of development initiatives in her parliamentary constituency.Gandhi also said that education is the key to greater development across the country. Promising a women's university in Rae Bareli, just as soon as the state government gave the necessary land clearances, Gandhi said, \"We have received positive indications from the state government for giving us land to undertake developmental initiatives. Once this comes through, work on setting up this university will begin. I will constantly work towards bringing development to Rae Bareli.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15176845", "title": "Police commissionerate gets eight surveillance cameras", "text": "PUNE: Security has been beefed up at the Pune police commissionerate with the installation of eight hidden IT surveillance cameras on July 20.A consultancy firm had installed CCTV cameras at the commissionerate on an experimental basis in May 2009, exactly six months after the terrorist attack in Mumbai in November 2008. However, they had to be removed after 14 months because the firm's dues were not cleared. The same firm has installed the high-end system now at the cost of Rs 11 lakh and a monthly rental of Rs 8,500.Joint commissioner of police Sanjeev Kumar Singhal said, \"Payments were over-due during the initial installation because proper procedure was not followed then in terms of taking permission from the state authorities. And though the cameras had to be removed in July 2010, the commissionerate still had two basic cameras to monitor the day-to-day activities. The new surveillance cameras have been installed on a rental-basis.\"\"They (cameras) have been installed at the entry point of Foreigner Registration Office (FRO), gate numbers 1, 2 and 3 and corridors 1, 2 and 3. A C60 revolution camera has been fixed at the main crime branch parking area,\" said Anup Dubey, surveillance engineer of Homeland Security Consulting Division, the firm that has installed the cameras.All cameras have been covered to protect them from moisture which tends to accumulate on the lens due to rain. \"Besides, they have the automatic zoom feature, and they rotate at 360 degrees. Other features include recording live videos, viewing recorded videos as well as 'motion search', which allows the viewer in the control room to fix the focus on a single person and follow him wherever he goes. A video library to revisit recordings done in the past is also part of the system,\" said Dubey, adding that a PTZ or Pan Tilt Zoom camera has been fitted near the crime branch control room.Besides, the control station will have police personnel monitoring locations covered by the cameras. \"Two 42-inch screens with eight divisions showing each of the eight locations have been provided. One of the screens is in the police control room office while the other is in the special branch office,\" Dubey said.The consultancy firm had been originally asked to install the CCTV cameras here in 2010, with a view to step up security measures at the commissionerate after the German Bakery blast.An official from the Special Branch, Pune police, said, \"The cameras had been installed here on a temporary basis earlier. But they had been removed as the state government did not grant sanction for the funds required to pay for the cameras.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15174945", "title": "BMC pushes for new water billing software", "text": "MUMBAI: A decade ago, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) modernized water billing by introducing a piece of software. Today, it is planning to make substantial changes in it to make the billing process for metered water connections a consumer-friendly process.To bring in the changes, the BMC has roped in engineers from the Indian Institute of Technology , Bombay, as advisors.Confirming the development, Rajiv Jalota, additional municipal commissioner, told TOI, \"We are planning to bring changes to the water billing software. Our focus will be on addressing the grievances of consumers as far as water bills are concerned.\"While tests are underway, the BMC says it will take more than a year for the upgraded software to be introduced. The reason it cites for this is that old data available with the hydraulic department will have to be integrated with the new software.Since the billing process at present is a much-criticized one, the upgraded software would be designed keeping in mind consumer needs. Till date, the BMC does not have a proper redress cell. After the software is developed, people can register complaints online. After a complaint is registered in the server, it will send automatic instructions to the terminal at the complainant's end for a ticket to be issued; the ticket will be a physical record of the complaint and can also be used to monitor its status. At present, the BMC has no system for monitoring complaints. A civic official said that after the software upgrade, this problem will be taken care of and the time taken to address a complaint can be monitored. \"Such a system is already functioning in Hyderabad,\" a senior official said.A key feature that would be added to the software is spot billing. This will enable the water supply department to immediately issue bills after taking metre readings. \"At present, after a reading, it takes 15-20 days for the bill to be issued,\" the official said. \"If we can manage to start the spot-billing system, it will be of great help to consumers. Once this feature is activated, the metre reading data can be fed into the software, which will process the bill instantly. The bill will be fed into our main server for a permanent record.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15174251", "title": "Mobike-borne youth rob senior citizen of gold chain", "text": "NAGPUR: Dhantoli police are looking for two youth who fled with a gold chain after tricking a senior citizen.Benubai Jumbarkar, 79, was at the entrance of her Chunna Bhatti residence in Dhantoli area when two mobike-borne youths approached her. The duo told her that they wanted to offer Rs5000 cash at a nearby temple and as a matter of ritual they needed blessings of a senior citizen and touch the cash to some gold valuables.The youths then convinced Jumbarkar to give her gold ornaments. As soon as she removed the valuables, worth Rs15,000, the youths fled with them. Jumbarkar immediately alerted police control room and lodged a complaint.Man hangs self to deathShyaam Wadve (42), a labourer and Pandhrabodi resident, hanged himself to death on Thursday. The matter came to light in the afternoon when Wadve's 12-year-old son saw his father hanging to the ceiling hook. Wade was reportedly under depression after being abandoned by his wife.Cops said Wadve had been staying with his two children, aged 12 and 10, since his wife left him two months ago. For the last two weeks, Wadve seemed to be in some sort of tension. On Thursday morning, he helped his sons get ready for the school and took the extreme step after they left home. Police found no suicide note from the spot. Dhantoli Police have registered a case of accidental death in this regard.Builder's office burgledCash of Rs2.5 lakh was stolen from a builder's office at Abhyankar Nagar on Wednesday night. Narendra Gandhi, a Balaji Nagar resident, had locked his office on Wednesday around 9.30pm. When he returned to the office on Thursday morning, he found the main door lock broken and cash of Rs2.5 lakh missing from the drawer. Gandhi lodged a complaint at Ambazari Police Station.Chain snatchers nabbedNandanvan Police on Thursday arrested two youth accused of chain snatching. Parag Dange (19) and Parag Gaikwad (23), both residents of Mhalgi Nagar, have been given police custody remand till July 30.Police said Dange is an engineering drop out while Gaikwad had given up BCA after first year. Both of them have many offences of chain snatching registered against them. The duo has confessed of being involved in chain snatching incidents in July under the jurisdiction of Nandanvan police station.Two held for illegally selling train ticketsRailways' vigilance department have arrested two people for illegally selling railway tickets at the reservation centres. Accused Akhilesh Khobragade (31) and Rajkumar Gupta (45) were apprehended with 11 reservation tickets, cash Rs20,000 and some reservation forms. The duo would purchase tickets from reservation counters in common names and then sell it to passengers. They have been booked under relevant sections of the Railways Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15176081", "title": "Corporator demands inquiry into housing scheme for urban poor", "text": "PUNE: Congress corporator Sanjay Balgude on Thursday demanded an inquiry in housing projects being built under the basic services to urban poor (BSUP) scheme.\"A number of land related issues have cropped up in housing projects that are being built under this scheme. Some issues are related to ownership of the land, while some issuesare related to the possession of the land,\" said Balgude, while addressing a news conference here.Balgude said the PMC has secured funds from the Union government for this scheme. \"Therefore, it is the duty of the civic administration to be more vigilant while implementing the scheme. But, it seems a lot of mistakes have taken place right from drafting the detailed project report to the actual implementation of this scheme. So, the civic administration should order an inquiry by a retired high court judge,\" he said.Right now, nearly 1,100 houses are available under the BSUP scheme. Two major housing projects are taking place in Pune at Hadapasar and Warje. The urban poor residents from the western parts of the city will be shifted to BSUP buildings in Warje, while the residents in the eastern zone will be shifted to Hadapsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15174821", "title": "Narendra Modi remark sparks Congress, Left reproach", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Accusing Gujarat chief minister of playing to the gallery in view of the forthcoming assembly elections in the state, leaders from Congress and Left parties came down heavily on Narendra Modi for his interview to an Urdu weekly earlier this week.HRD minister Kapil Sibal said, \"Let the CM allow an FIR to be lodged in any police station in Gujarat.\"CPM general secretary Prakash Karat echoed the charge, saying, \"First there must be a fair investigation into the 2002 riots.\"Modi had said in the interview conducted by former Rajya Sabha MP and Samajwadi Party worker Shahid Siddiqui that he should be hanged if found guilty and rebutted the charge of personal complicity in the large-scale killing of Muslims in the post-Godhra communal riots.He said he wasted no time in calling in the Army to deal with the violence, citing a press communique issued by the state government to buttress his contention.However, Modi also refused to offer an apology for the 2002 communal violence. TOI was to first to report this in its edition dated July 26.\"On February 27, I told my officers to contact the Army. The Army said all their personnel were deployed at the border because of the Parliament attack...I said those working in certain sectors would definitely not have gone to the border. At least get them here,\" Modi told Siddiqui.The Gujarat CM, whose perceived failure to curb the violence is widely believed to have contributed to BJP's shock defeat in 2004 general election, said he had given \"shoot-at-sight\" instructions to police to tackle the rioters. The Hindutva hardliner denied the charge that he prevented policemen from rushing to the rescue of Muslims, adding the Congress government at the Centre would not have spared him if charges leveled against him were indeed true.To a question that he had ordered inaction for 48 hours, Modi said, \"Whoever said that should have faith in the SC. You need to repose faith in someone. The SC appointed committee has come out with a report. For the first time a riot was investigated. Faith should be reposed in that.\"The comments, coming from someone who seemed to revel in his strongman image, are significant and underline an attempt at image correction to enhance his acceptability in the lead up to the 2014 parliamentary polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15171748", "title": "4 men, juvenile held for elder murders in Rohini", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two days after two senior citizens were stabbed to death in Rohini, five people, including a juvenile, have been arrested for the murders.The accused, Rusy (22), Rajesh (25), Ravinder (21), Mahesh (20) and the juvenile, were nabbed from their hideouts in Rohini and Mangolpuri. \"Rajesh, the gang leader, Rusy and Ravinder were picked up on the next day of the twin murders. The other two were arrested later,\" said Tejendra Luthra, joint CP, northern range. The men have a previous criminal record, he added.Cops suspected that the same gang was involved in both the attacks as a purse missing from Shanti Devi's house was found at Rasam Rani's residence. Blood stains found in the second house confirmed the suspicion. On the night of the incident, a constable received a tip-off about the gang's movement in the area, said B S Jaiswal, DCP (outer district).\"We received another input, saying that the gang is likely to commit another murder. After scouring the area, cops spotted three people near a park. During interrogation, they broke down and accepted their involvement in the murders.\" The gang had killed another resident of the area in a similar fashion a week ago.Three stolen silver coins, two ATM cards and blood-stained clothes have been recovered. The two women, who lived barely 500 metre apart in Sector 3, Rohini, were found dead on Tuesday afternoon.The accused revealed during interrogation that they had also targeted the house of a man identified as Sudhir Kumar and robbed his house in a similar pattern. When he resisted, they had stabbed him, too. However, he survived.The accused also told cops that they took to robbery as they needed money for drugs. They used to select vulnerable targets after making a recce of an area.Shanti Devi was stabbed by the robbers around 1.45 am Tuesday, and died of her injuries in Jaipur Golden Hospital in Rohini. Rasham Rani was stabbed at her daughter's house shortly after the first incident, and died during treatment at Dr. Bhimrao Ambedkar Hospital.In the first incident, the robbers entered Shanti Devi's four-storey building and held her hostage at knife point to rob the house. She lived on the ground floor with her husband Bishan Lal, 70, and her younger son Bhimsen, 28, while her four other sons lived on other floors. \"One of the robbers caught hold of my mother at knife point and the other was searching for valuables when I woke up on hearing the commotion. I caught one of them. In the meantime, the third robber entered the house and stabbed my mother and they managed to flee from the spot,\" Bhimsen told cops.A police officer said that the robbers could collect only a few hundred rupees and a purse from the house before escaping. In the other incident, Rasham Rani, who was living at her daughter's three-storey house, was found stabbed at the ground floor. Her daughter and other family members live on other floors. \"Rasham Rani alerted her daughter's in-laws by buzzing a bell fixed in her room. The family members came down after hearing the repeated alarm and found her stabbed,\" said the police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15174456", "title": "Garbage collection to become hi-tech matter", "text": "MUMBAI: Following the introduction of its much-vaunted pothole-tracking system, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) is gearing up to launch a similar software for garbage collection. This will be a big leap for the civic body, which has been severely criticized for its poor garbage managing system, a noticeable feature of which is contractors' inefficiency.The plan is to geo-tag all collection points. Officials of the civic body's solid waste management department will be entrusted the job of clicking pictures of collection points. This will help the civic headquarters keep a close check on the collection process and identify spots that might be left out. The pictures will be uploaded to a central server and a monitoring team will be set up, which will be responsible for ensuring that collection takes place regularly.Like in the case of the pothole tracking system, citizens would be allowed to click pictures of uncollected garbage with Android cellphones and upload them online. But the civic body is yet to finalize the modalities of the system, which is likely to be rolled out in three months. Additional municipal commissioner Mohan Adtani told TOI, \"The tenders are being finalized. The software will be similar to that of the pothole tracking system. The process of geo-tagging and uploading photographs will help us keep tabs on happenings on the ground.\"At present, the civic body uses an obsolete system, whereby officials of the solid waste management department maintain a logbook. The logbook contains details like the number of rounds made by a particular collection truck and its timings. Because of its nature, the system is susceptible to manipulation.Congress corporator from Bandra Asif Zakaria said, \"It is a welcome move. But it is yet to be seen how it is launched. We all know what has happened with the pothole tracking software. The BMC should come up with a concrete plan that will assure residents that their complaints will be dealt within a fixed period.\"MNS corporator from Dadar Sandeep Deshpande said, \"What will be the use of this software in wards that do not have basic infrastructure? In my ward, we do not even have bins or compactors. How will the residents of my ward benefit by this technology?\"Over to the BMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15180149", "title": "Rs 2.5 cr for gold in Olympics", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister of Haryana Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Thursday announced a cash award of Rs 2.5 crore for the state athletes who will bag the coveted gold medal in any discipline at the London Games.Hooda also announced a prize money of Rs 1.5 crore and Rs 1 crore for silver and bronze medal winners at the London Olympics.In order to encourage youngsters to pick up Olympic sports, the Haryana Government has decided to award each and every participant at the London Games Rs 11 lakhs.Hoping to set an example, the Haryana government has also promised the same amount of cash bonanza for any Paralympian who will manage to win a medal in the London Paralympics, set to start from August 29th. This is a big leap from the sum of Rs 50 lakh that wrestler Sushil Kumar and boxer Vijender Kumar received on their Bronze medal winning effort at the Beijing Games .At an event organized here to conclude the Haryana Government initiated 'BOL (Best of Luck) India' campaign, Hooda reiterated the government's commitment to encourage Olympic sports in the state.The campaign organized road shows, quizzes and other social activities to raise awareness about the London Games over the last ten days. Out of the total 81 athletes from India in Olympics, 18 are from the relatively small state of Haryana. Among them are some of the major medal hopefuls such as Sushil, Vijender and ace shooter Gagang Narang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15178039", "title": "Much more than a \u2018Play\u2019ful group", "text": "Their team's name is inspired by an element that is rare and extremely lustrous. Meet the members of Osmium - a group comprising Panjab University's youngsters, who are passionate about theatre and are popularly known as \"nautanki ke element' on the campus.This theatre group includes budding engineers from University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET). Having won several prestigious theatre events at IIT Delhi, IIT Kharagpur, IIT Saharanpur, NIT, Kurukshetra, PEC and several other institutes, these students are known for writing scripts that have a social message.\"To mark our enthusiasm, we mostly wear black kurtas with red saropas,\" says Divyanshu Malhotra, who is currently heading Osmium and also won the best actor award at PECfest 2011.The group is born out of the dramatics society of UIET and has taken theatre on campus to another level.Staging its first play \"Aiye Lijiye Dekhiye\" in DAV College, Sector 10, in 2008 the team's first few members comprised Diksha Arora, Ankur Rana, Shashank Kaushik, Manas Kotru, Nishant Monga and Mitali Bansal, all successful engineers now.\"The team soon expanded from 10 members the number went to 30. We then staged a play 'Haalat-e-Hindustan' that focused on the issues of female foeticide, drugs and peer pressure. It was a memorable group act,\" says Shubham Chugh, a member of Osmium.The team performed at IIT Saharanpur and won the first prize in 2010. The members proved that they were not just actors, but real life heroes as well. A popular street play 'Atithi Devo Bhava' came from a real life experience of the team members on their way to Saharanpur.\"Few boys of the team were beaten up by goons from Jagadhari for fighting against an eve-teasing incident that happened right in front of them. This play was staged at several events and won laurels as well,\" says Raghu Nagpal, another member of Osmium.Yet another play, \"Aarambh Hai Prachand,\" portraying the plight of Kashmiri Pandits in Kashmir and the role of militants and the military, is among the treasured plays of this team.This play won the award for best direction and stage-setting at IIT Kharagpur in 2011. Yet another documentary by the team was selected amongst the top 20 short films of India by a leading animation institute. Currently, the team is showcasing its street play, \"Khel Khel Mein.\"\"We were clear that our focus was not limited to winning awards. The idea was that the plays we staged had some meaning too. We have given performances at the old age home in Sector 15 and highlighted the India against corruption campaign by Anna Hazare through our performances,\" informs Pulkit Kakkar, a group member.Osmium members performed a play \"Bhrasht Bharat\" at more than eight locations during Anna's hunger strike.Kushal Walia, a member of the group adds, \"Our journey has just begun. Having stage ample plays and many awards, the team now plans to do more theatre for social causes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15180341", "title": "Bo\u2019s wife, aide charged with murder", "text": "BEIJING: Ousted Chinese Communist leader Bo Xilai's wife, Gu Kailai, has been charged along with a family aide with British national Neil Heywood's murder. But the prosecutors left a possible escape route for her as the court hearing the case was told that she had committed the crime to protect her son.\"Worrying about Neil Heywood's threat to her son's personal security, Gu Kailai along with Zhang Xiaojun, the other defendant, poisoned Neil Heywood to death,\" the state-run Xinhua reported.It said that Heywood was murdered over a financial dispute and said the \"evidence is irrefutable and substantial\" .It is a far cry from stories of corruption and dubious business deals that were put out against Gu in the media over the past several weeks.The report is the first official news that the case against Gu is proceeding since the announcement three months ago that she and Zhang were being investigated .Heywood was found dead in a hotel room in Chongqing city when Bo was the governor there in November 2011.Municipal prosecuting body at the Hefei Municipal Intermediate People's court prosecutors charged the two. Gu's alleged role in the murder was probed after Bo was removed from his position as Chongqing governor. The murder shocked the ruling Communist Party ahead of the scheduled leadership change in the party as he was due to be made a member of its powerful nine-member politburo standing committee.The scandal exposed the bare-knuckled infighting that the secretive leadership prefers to hide and affirmed an already skeptical public's dim view about corrupt dealings in the party.Before his ouster, Bo was one of China's most powerful and charismatic politicians. On his rise, he led high-profile campaigns to bust organized crime and to promote communist culture. In doing so, however , his administration ran roughshod over civil liberties that angered some leaders and alienated others with his publicity seeking.The prosecuting body informed the defendants about their litigation rights during the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15186845", "title": "IFS officer held in US on female staff plaint, charged with indecent assault", "text": "NEW YORK: Senior Indian Forest Service officer Surendra Mohapatra, detained by Pennsylvania police after a woman staff at a hotel filed a complaint against him, has been charged with indecent assault and will appear in court on August 1 for his preliminary hearing.Mohapatra was arraigned in a Pennsylvania court on July 25, a day after a complaint of \"sexual assault\" was filed against him by the woman working at the hotel where he was staying.Charges of indecent assault and false imprisonment have been filed against Mohapatra, an official at the Eastern Pike Regional Police Department in Pennsylvania's Matamoras town said.The official said Mohapatra has been detained at the Pike County correctional facility. A bail amount of USD 35000 has been set for Mohapatra, who could be released once the bond formalities are complete.He would appear again in court before Magisterial District Justice Deborah Fischer for his preliminary hearing on August 1.The official said that Mohapatra has not yet entered a guilty or not-guilty plea.A source here had earlier said that senior officials from the Indian Consulate in New York are in constant touch with Mohapatra and had met him in Pennsylvania on Wednesday. They are also working out the formalities with the concerned Pennsylvania authorities.The consulate officials are \"doing their best\" and working with relevant authorities to handle the matter, the source said.Mohapatra, who is said to be a 1985-batch IFS officer, was part of a group of 30 Indian officers visiting the US for a mid-career training programme at the Syracuse University in New York. The incident is reported to have happened late on Tuesday night.Principal chief conservator of Forest (PCCF) P N Padhi said in Bhubaneswar that Mahapatra had a problem with the internet connection in the hotel room and had asked the reception for help.A woman came to his room but was unable to fix it and left.According to an individual named Bhargava who is the Indian course coordinator for the US trip, the police turned up about two hours later and arrested Mohapatra after the woman filed a complaint.Mohapatra is the regional chief conservator of forests at Sambalpur in Odisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15178805", "title": "Apex court breather for state tigers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Supreme Court decision banning commercial tourism and such other activities in the core zones of tiger reserves has come as a breather for the dwindling big cats in the forests of Odisha, officials said here.Caught in the problems of their habitats shrinking and frequented by poachers and Maoists, tigers in the wild in the state have been leading an uncertain life. The scores of villages located inside forests have all the more compounded their woes. A close look at the ground situation shows the tigers are fast vanishing from the forests. But the government records continue to keep them alive. The government claimed tiger population in the state increased from 142 in 1972 to 173 in 2006. Their number even shot up to 226 in 1993, it said. But the Dehradun-based Wildlife Institute of India (WII) study tells a different tale. It estimated the tiger population at not more than 50 by 2010.The state has two tiger reserves at Similipal and Satakosia. The animals are not found to be safe at these two places too. Similipal tiger reserve spread over 2750 sqkm is the state's largest tiger home. The WII study put the number at 20 in 2006 as against the state government's claim of 101. The government countering the WII study conducted its own survey in 2010 at Similipal and scaled down the number to 61. The situation at Satakosia is no better, where timber mafia and poachers continue to ravage the 950 sqkm area divided by the 22-km long scenic Mahanadi gorge. Satakosia claimed at least 18 tigers in 2004. \"Now their number will not be more than 8,\" said a senior forest official.The state government had earlier announced to accord tiger reserve status to the Nuapada wildlife sanctuary. But the proposal has since been stuck in continuing official queries. More so, the 600 sqkm Nuapada sanctuary bordering Chhattisgarh currently is completely under the control of Maoists where officials dare not visit. The sanctuary has nearly 30 tribal villages inside. A 2004 census recorded the number of tigers at Nuapada at 36. \"We don't know what the situation is prevailing inside. It is a Maoist zone. We don't go,\" said a forest official.Enquiries revealed, of the two tiger reserves Similipal receives around 15,000 tourists a year. The tiger reserve area comprises 1195 sqkm demarcated as core zone. The tourists are taken in a 130 km long route that touches some portion of the core area. The Similipal was all along a favourite destination of tourists. But trouble started after Maoists took over it in 2009 March. After keeping it closed for months, the authorities reopened Similipal in December 2010, but restricted the entry to only day time visits. \"We don't allow tourists to the core area, excepting the 130 km touching a small portion of it. We will prepare a fresh tourist route map after getting the Supreme Court order,\" said STR field director Anup Nayak.He however said could not hazard any guess about the shifting of three tribal villages located inside the core area. \"Every time the gram sabha is convened the villagers decline to move out. We have been on the job to persuade them and hope they would agree in the greater interest of the forest and animals,\" the field director said. He suspected the Maoists might have been influencing the tribals not to move out.Though Satakosia does not attract that many tourists compared to Similipal, the authorities a few years back had launched a novel plan of 'tented accommodation' in the sandy beds of Mahanadi. \"We discontinued the tourist plan in 2010 due to protests from some quarters and other problems,\" said regional chief conservator of forestsn (RCCF) Pandab Behera. \"The Supreme Court decision is certainly a welcome step. But everything depends on the sincerity of the government to implement the order in letter and spirit. Unless strong steps are taken to completely halt entry of local villagers and poaching in forests, tigers and other animals will not survive long,\" said Biswajit Mohanty of wildlife society of Odisha (WSO). \"The unabated mass killings of elephants in Similipal are a pointer to the state government's lack of sincerity in protecting forest and wild animals,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15173654", "title": "Increasing male infertility worries doctors", "text": "NAGPUR: Sperm banks and sperm donation becoming part of public consciousness also draws attention to an issue hitherto discussed in hushed tones - male infertility. Whenever a couple is unable to conceive, it is assumed in Indian society that the female partner is at fault. Doctors, however, say that in more than half the cases, infertility or inability to conceive can be attributed to the male partner.A decade earlier, male infertility was blamed in around 20% of cases where couples could not conceive naturally. This number has risen to around 50% in recent times, say doctors. Many environmental factors and lifestyle choices are considered to be responsible for the increasing male factor infertility.\"The main factors causing infertility among men still remain stress and increased consumption of alcohol and tobacco products. These days, we see two extreme sides of the spectrum of infertility. Most men suffering from it are either those holding white collared jobs, like in the IT industry, with a lot of stress and disruption of the entire routine, or those with poor nutritional intake,\" said gynaecologist Dr Chaitanya Shembekar, who runs a fertility centre in the city.Gynaecologist Dr Laxmi Shrikhande, vice-president of Federation of Obstetric and Gynaecological Societies of India (FOGSI) agrees with him. \"Ten year ago, somewhere between 10 to 20% men would need to be treated for infertility. The number has grown tremendously in recent times,\" she said, blaming increased use of devices like mobiles and laptops for the development.\"Diabetes among younger men can also contribute to the prevalence of infertility. The problem can be either no sperm formation in the body (called azoospermia) or low sperm quality, which includes factors like low motility or non-functional sperms. The hormones testosterone, prolactin or in some rare cases thyroid can be low,\" said endocrinologist Dr Shailesh Pitale.He said that after finding the reason for lower production of a particular hormone, it can be easily replaced. In a few cases, he said, there could be some structural problems like obstruction of passages that release sperms, which can be corrected surgically.Urologist Dr Suhas Salpekar believes that infertility has always been in equal proportion among males and females. \"The only change seen in recent times is openness among the Indian men to get themselves checked and seek treatment. In fact, there are men who come even before marriage to get their semen analysed. I do not recommend men to go to such extremes, but when a couple has been trying to conceive for over a year and cannot do so, both partners must get checked,\" he said.He credits the ever-rising temperatures and increased chemical content in the air for increasing incidence of infertility.\"Earlier, even if a man was told he may be contributing to infertility, they would deny it. Now, many of them are seeking treatment, proving the acceptance of the condition as a medical problem,\" said urologist Dr Dhananjay Bokare. However, he added that most couples are still referred to urologists by gynaecologists, after the wife has undergone a complete check up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15177776", "title": "Two cops suspended for \u2018extortion\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after the suspension of two Chandigarh police officials, for patrolling in a private vehicle, three others were caught on wrong side of the law on Wednesday night. Police have received a complaint against these officials, attached with Sector 19 police station, for exhorting money from a couple in Sector 22.The errant officials have been suspended and sent to police lines. A departmental inquiry has been initiated against them. \"The accused officials included two constables; Rajesh Kumar and Pradeep Kumar, and a home guard volunteer. They were patrolling in a private vehicle, in Sector 22,\" said a police official.\"They had stopped a couple on a motorcycle for checking documents. But the couple found something fishy and called the police control room for help. They said they had doubts if they were real cops,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15175797", "title": "Swimming class turns fatal as teens drown in pond", "text": "KOLKATA: Two teens drowned on Thursday in a pond at Survey Park after they were allegedly forced into the water by their karate teacher, in a bid to teach them how to swim. Dola Sarkar (13) and Mamata Naskar (14) got separated from their teacher Prabir Mondol in the middle of the pond. The duo screamed for help and desperately tried to keep afloat, but they soon got sucked into the water. Though the Survey Park police station is barely a 100 yards away from the spot, police failed to rush to their rescue. Mondol has been arrested and a probe ordered into the twin deaths.Two teenaged girls drowned in a pond after being forced to take a swim by their karate teacher at Survey Park on Thursday morning. Thirteen-year-old Dola Sarkar and 14-year-old Mamata Naskar, neither of whom knew swimming, got separated from their teacher Prabir Mondol in the middle of the pond. They screamed for help, trying desperately to stay afloat but soon got sucked into the water. None, including policemen from the Survey Park police station barely a hundred yards away, came to their rescue.The incident took place around 7.10am. Though Mondol tried reaching out to the girls initially, he lost his nerve after a while, said onlookers. He raised an alarm, but locals and policemen took a good 20 minutes to reach the spot. By the time a team of six constables plunged into the water, it was too late. One of the bodies was fished out of the pond with a net while the other was recovered by locals. Mondol has been arrested. An enquiry has been ordered into the deaths.On Thursday, Dola and Mamata were returning home after karate lessons at Santoshpur Stadium, on their way back to their homes at East Rajapur - about a kilometre away from the Santoshpur Stadium where they went for karate lessons when Mondol allegedly goaded them into the pond. The girls had been learning to swim for the past one week, though their parents were not aware of it. They dived into the water nervously, holding on to their teacher who Hedragged them to the middle of the pond and then let one of them go. Soon, the other, too, lost her teacher's hand and both were left struggling to stay afloat.Neither Dola's nor Mamata's parents knew that they had been learning to swim. They accused Mondol of forcing the girls into the water.Dola's mother accused Mondol of forcing the girls into water. \"I had no idea he had been teaching them to swim. Dola never told me or else I would have stopped her from attending karate classes. Mondol has killed my daughter,\" said her mother Shampa Sarkar. Mamata's father Gobindo Naskar alleged that Mondol had tricked his daughter into the pond.said,Mondol had tricked his daughter into the pond.\"He would take them there on the pretext of a taking a wash and then force them into the pond. He was not a swimming instructor. What he has done is criminal.\"According to eyewitnesses, 38-year-old Mondol lost his nerve at this point. Even as the girls were thrashing about in the water, he made an attempt to get near them and drag them ashore. But he failed. It was not before a good ten minutes had passed that he raised an alarm. But locals and the policemen took another twenty minutes to reach the spot.\"Since it was early in the morning, there were very few people around the pond. Even the passersby didn't realise what was happening. But it's a mystery why the policemen took so long to plunge into the pond. By the time they did, the girls were obviously dead,\" said local shop owner Manikanta Naskar.Jadavpur MLA and power minister Manish Gupta visited the victims' families. \"The chief minister has ordered an instructions, we have ordered an inquiry. But the pond being is owned by the Survey Park Housing Society . So, its security is not our responsibility.The incident is shocking and inquiry will surely be done,\" Gupta said.Addressing a programme at the Netaji Indoor Stadium, Mamata Banerjee expressed grief and called for an inquiry. said the deaths were unfortunate. \"Children should not be allowed to venture into ponds without proper guidance. I have ordered an enquiry,\" Mamata said.Neither Dola's nor Mamata's parents knew that they had been learning to swim. They accused Mondol of forcing the girls into the water. \"I had no idea that he had been teaching them swimming. Dola never told me or else I would have stopped her from attending karate classes. Mondol has killed my daughter,\" said Shampa Mondol, her mother.Mamata's father Gobindo Naskar said Mondol had tricked his daughter into the pond. \"He would take her there in the pretext of a wash and force them into the pond. He was not a swimming instructor and what he has done is criminal,\" said Naskar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "sambalpur/bhubaneshwar", "code": "15178602", "title": "Rajesh Khanna fan performs shraddh", "text": "SAMBALPUR/BHUBANESHWAR: Indian Railways employee Sebaram Bagh has neither met Rajesh Khanna ever in his life, nor is he related to him in any way. But his love and affection for Bollywood's first superstar prompted him to organize a shraddh ceremony at his house in Sambalpur on Thursday.Bagh performed all the rituals that are followed in a traditional Hindu shraddh ceremony. He shaved his head, and offered 'pinda' for the well being the departed actor's soul. He also organized a community feast on the occasion.\"He is a great fan of superstar Rajesh Khanna and has seen his all movies. He did not take food on the day the news of Rajesh Khanna's passing away reached him,\" Bagh's son Pintu said on Thursday.The residence of 55-year-old Sebaram, located in Sambalpur's Stationpara area was crowded with people who witnessed the rituals performed by the great fan. \"30 years ago, I saw him in Kolkata during the shooting of a film. I could not meet him though because of tight security. I have been a great fan of him since then,\" Sebaram said.He also informed that he decided to perform his rituals as he always felt Rajesh ji was a part of his family. \"I was deeply shocked to hear the news of his death. I was unable to take food the entire day,\" he said. He informed that nearly 400 people attended the shraddh ceremony on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15180328", "title": "Protest continues for strong Lokpal bill", "text": "KANPUR: People from all walks life once again came out to support the noble cause initiated by Gandhian Anna Hazare. The city people to mark their support to the campaign launched by Anna for a strong Lokpal Bill have also started observing indefinite fast along with the members of Anna team who are doing the same at Jantar Mantar, Delhi.Its important to mention here that team Anna along with hundreds of people have sat on indefinite hunger strike at Jantar Mantar, Delhi on July 25.According to supporters of Anna, unless the government bows down and pass the Lok Pal Bill, they will continue protests against the central government. The city denizens also organised several campaigns and raised anti-government slogans in order to show support to the initiative 'India Against Corruption ( IAC)'.Many supporters of Anna also took indefinite hunger strike here in the city while many took a day long hunger pledge. Many of the Anna supporters gathered at 'Phoolbagh', Bharat Mata Pratima and at 'Shikshak Park' to support Anna.This time the Anti-Corruption Movement has the support of not only the elderly but also the school going kids and university students. Several social work students of Kanpur University came out on roads to protest against government. Many students staged their protest at Gandhi Pratima at Phoolbagh.Krati Bajpai, a social work student at CSJMU who was at Gandhi Pratima to mark her support to Anna said that the government should not test Hazare's patience and his supporters, and begin dialogue to break the impasse.\"People are fed up of corruption and its eradication is an immediate need,\" echoed Krati along with Neetu, Nidhi and other students who were at Gandhi Pratima to mark their protest.Several other people who gathered at Gandhi Pratima also rude over central government who is troubling the 75-year-old, Anna to once again sit on hunger strike. The residents also showed anger on the lackadaisical approach of government who only gave assurances, but did not took any strong actions on a noble initiative for a Lokpal Bill.While the volunteers of India Against Corruption (IAC) and Anna Hazare Fan's club continued supporting Anna at various spots, including 'Bharat Mata Pratima' at Ghantaghar. The members of Anna Hazare Fan's club raised slogans in support of Anna. Senior politicians along with NGOs and other social working organisations too came-up for Anna's support in various ways at different places of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15174379", "title": "Cess may be imposed for a cleaner Thane", "text": "THANE: Thaneites may soon have to pay more taxes to the municipal corporation as the administration has proposed to levy a cess on residential and commercial units for collection and disposal of solid waste.A cess dedicated to effective solid waste management was necessitated due to rising costs in waste collection vis-a-vis low income through nominal penalties or special cleaning charges levied on citizens since 2011, a civic official saidWhile the civic body incurs an annual expenditure of nearly Rs 97 crore towards collections and disposal of over 2.50 lakh meteric tones of solid waste, funds raised from charges related to garbage cleaning totals a mere Rs 27 lakh annually. To bridge the gap and to improve waste management for a cleaner and greener Thane, the civic administration proposed the cess.The new cess may be included in the property tax bill presented to residential and commercial units here and the additional amount will be close to 15% of the property tax payable to the corporation.Residential premises may have to pay Rs 60 per month, while hotels, hospitals, cinema halls and malls will have to pay Rs 17 to 1,700 per month.The proposal to introduce the cess is scheduled to be taken up at a general body meeting of the TMC on Friday. It was part of reforms agreed to when the corporation secured funds from the Centre under the JNNURM programme. Citizens groups, however, are not in favour of the cess .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15170926", "title": "Electronics firm chairman, brain behind call data record leak?", "text": "HYDERABAD: MIC Electronics Limited chairman MV Ramana Rao seems to be the brain behind the call data leak of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) joint director VV Lakshminarayana, but K Venka Reddy, who was arrested by the Crime Investigation Department (CID) on Wednesday, was a mere pawn in the illegal operation.Ramana Rao had told CID officials recently that he knew industrialist K Raghu Ramakrishna Raju from his Andhra University days.He claimed Raghu Ramakrishan Raju sought his help in getting call details of some numbers using his links in the telecom industry.MIC Electronics, which deals with electronics and telecommunication equipment and development of software for the telecom industry, helped Ramana Rao develop rapport with deputy director general, department of telecom, Nagpur, K Hanumantha Rao.\"Raghu told me that he was in difficulties and wanted call data record (CDR) of a few numbers. So, I contacted Hanumantha Rao, who in turn mailed the data to my email id, which in turn was handed over to Raghu in a memory stick,\" Ramana Rao told CID officials.However, CID officials said, to give a legitimate colour to the whole operation, Raghu asked K Venka Reddy, vice-president of Ind Bharath Energies, Maharashtra, to lodge a police complaint with the Mukhed police station in Nanded district on January 16, 2012 and take an acknowledgement for the same.\"Subsequently, another complaint was lodged by KV Reddy at the Mukhed police station without a date on it. At the Mukhed police station, only the complaint given on January 16 was recorded and the undated complaint was not recorded. During verification, it was found that carbon copy available with co-conspirator K Hanumantha Rao did not match with the complaint given on January 16 and it was also found to be without any date,\" CID officials said.Officials said that though the call data was forwarded to Ramana Rao by obtaining data from M Ramakrishna, director, TERM Telecom, Vijayawada on December 26, 2011 the application without date was manipulated in the note file of DDG, DOT, Nagpur as if they were given on December 9 and 14, 2011.Meanwhile, KV Reddy, in his confession to CID officials, said he applied for CDR after he was directed by his company's chairman Raghu Ramakrishna Raju.Reddy said the collecting CDR operation happened after Raghu was summoned twice by CBI officials in connection with the Emaar case.\"Raghu Ramakrishna Raju asked me to contact DDG and submit an application seeking CDR. SK Narasimha Sastry, PA to Raghu, also briefed me. I gave an application to DDG, but he said that the application was of no purpose and later he himself dictated the matter. Hanumantha Rao asked me to get an acknowledgement from the Mudked police station,'' KV Reddy said. The Nampally criminal court on Thursday remanded KV Reddy in judicial custody till August 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15179200", "title": "Railway police desperately needs more staff", "text": "BANGALORE: Tremendous pressure to provide security to VVIPs and VIPs on trains by the Government Railway Police (GRP) and other reasons have resulted in less deployment of this depleted force for intensive patrol.These and other problems faced by the GRP have been regularly brought to the notice of the Centre and the railway board but to no avail. The latest letter written by additional DG (railways) Bhaskar Rao on July 7 has again listed how the sanctioned strength of GRP for Karnataka which was 725 in 1971 is 900, 40 years later.In his letter to the chairman, railway board, Rao said GRP has jurisdiction over entire Karnataka covering 3,782 kms of tracks. \"More people are travelling by train as it is the cheapest, fastest and safest mode of travel. Despite the increase in the activities of railways, there has been miniscule increase in sanctioned strength of GRP between 1971 and 2011,'' the letter said.Making a case for a staff increase, Rao said Karnataka shares a border with seven districts of Andhra Pradesh and is also considered the capital for the south. The total number of passengers travelling per day from Karnataka which was 1,74,200 in 1981 was 4,17,808 in 2011.He said VIP/VVIP has security categorization and their travel by train has increased. One railway security officer and police constables have to be deployed.The railways started the Golden Chariot to attract foreign tourists. For this, security of higher level needs to be provided.In 1974 there were 64 platforms in Karnataka but now there are 1,089. Several new platforms in the yard have been constructed for cleaning, maintenance and parking. Due to the ill-lit tracks, a large number of anti-social elements enter for illegal activities.Deputy chief minister R Ashoka told the legislative council on Thursday the government was sending a proposal seeking the Centre's assistance to enhance the strength of railway police.The expenditure of the railway police is borne at 50:50 ratio by the railway board and the state government.Filed by Naheed/Shiv", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15171900", "title": "City roads stink as water board sleeps", "text": "HYDERABAD: City roads are stinking due to sewage overflows. Though it is a common phenomenon during the rainy season, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has turned a blind eye to it.The water board's helpline metro customer care (MCC) has been flooded with complaints against sewage overflows on city roads. Between July 1 and July 26, 5,565 complaints about overflowing drains and stinking roads were reported at the MCC.\"This is the first time over 5,000 complaints have been received in a span of 25 days. Most of the complaints were from Division-I (Goshamahal) in Old City. Locals from Bahadurpura, Doodbowli, Moghalpura, Azampura and Asmangadh as well as business establishments lodged complaints on overflowing sewer lines,\" an MCC source told TOI.Complaints have also been pouring in from surrounding municipal circles such as Kukatpally, Kapra, Qutubullapur, Alwal and Serilingampally. Residents of these areas have complained that nearby water bodies were overflowing due to the recent rain.Of the 5,565 complaints received, Water Board officials claim to have addressed around 4,550 complaints. Several complaints were on missing manhole covers.Meanwhile, the Water Board has set up 21 emergency response teams (ERTs) to attend complaints like sewage overflowing on roads, missing manhole covers and waterlogging. When contacted, HMWS&SB; chief general manager and nodal officer coordinating with the emergency operation centre (EOC) K Ravindranath said, \"We are according top priority to complaints. Our ERTs are responding to complaints and solving them. Most of the complaints were from Nagamaiah Kunta, Nadeem Colony and areas near water bodies (tanks).\"In the last 25 days, around 180 complaints were received on missing manhole covers. Of them, the Water Board sanitary workers replaced covers at 135 locations. \"We found that locals were removing manhole covers to allow storm water into the drains. But, after the water gets drained, they are not replacing them,\" a senior HMWS&SB; official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15179201", "title": "State refuses Centre's plans on another tiger reserve", "text": "BANGALORE: After its strong opposition to Unesco's world heritage site tag to Western Ghats, the state has now shot down the Centre's proposals to declare Kudremukh National Park (KNP) as a tiger reserve and expand Bhadra Tiger Reserve (BTR).\"We have already earmarked five reserves for the big cats, and the tiger population has increased in Karnataka. So we don't need more reserves,\" forest minister CP Yogeshwara said in the assembly on Thursday.The Centre recently wrote to Karnataka to declare KNP as a tiger reserve and expand BTR. \"We will discuss at the cabinet and a government order on the state's stand opposing the Centre's proposal will be issued soon,\" Yogeshwar said.Karnataka already has five tiger reserves -- Bandipur, Nagarahole, Anshi-Dandeli, Biligiri Ranganathaswamy Temple (BRT) range and Bhadra. Rural development minister Jairam Ramesh had pitched strongly to expand the area of BTR from existing 500.16 sqkm to 848.62 sqkm and bring 600 sqkm of KNP under Project Tiger.Raghupathi Bhat (BJP), who raised the matter during zero hour, said, \"Over 1,500 tribal families in 142 villages will be impacted if the tiger reserve comes up there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15174272", "title": "Bypass roads will reduce traffic in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Residents of Orange City can hope for reduction of heavy traffic inside the city as Kamptee-Kanhan bypass and part of outer ring road has been thrown open to traffic. However, the toll rates are quite high and some truckers may try to pass through the city. The bypasses having total length of 42 km is a great driving experience.The Kamptee-Kanhan bypass starts at a point 3 km north of Kanhan and touches Bhandara Road at Pardi. The length of this stretch is 21 km. The Nagpur outer ring road at present called Nagpur bypass starts from Bhandara Road, crosses Umred Road and joins Wardha Road at Jamtha. The length of this stretch is also 21 km. Within a few months Jamtha will be connected to Gondkhairi once the railway over bridge (RoB) is complete.JP Gupta, senior project director of Oriental Nagpur Bypass Construction Pvt Ltd (ONBCPL), told the media on Thursday that the project cost was Rs 1,350 crore. \"Actually we have to construct the highway from Khawasa to Jamtha. We have constructed the Jamtha-Mansar stretch, which includes the two bypasses. The Mansar-Khawasa stretch is stuck up due to forest clearance. We are hopeful that we will get the clearance in a month or two,\" Gupta said.Gupta further said that the present road was four lane but the company had left open space on both sides of the road for six laning. \"However, all our bridges have six lanes,\" he said.Commenting on high toll rates, project director KBR Dube said that they were approved by government of India. \"Everybody is talking about the toll rates but they should consider our expenses too,\" Dube said.Project manager Prashant Bargi said that there were three toll plazas on the bypasses. \"You have to pay half of the toll on Wardha Road, the remaining 50% on Kamptee-Kanhan bypass near Kanhan. There is a check plaza on Kanhan-Mansar stretch where you just have to show the receipt. However, if you are travelling from Nagpur to Mansar through the existing Kamptee Road you will have to pay toll.\"Company officials refused to comment on the Dongargaon toll plaza issue saying that it was sub-judice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15178335", "title": "Palace garden to get Dasara makeover", "text": "MYSORE: With an eye on the fast approaching world famous Dasara festivities, Mysore Palace, which recently received Rs 25 crore special grants from the state government, has started the renovation works.The Palace Board, the custodian of the property, is redesigning its sprawling gardens giving shape to a concept developed during the reign of Maharaja Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar. The board found the designs, which, according to the deputy director T S Subramanya, are the basis for the Rs 27-lakh project.\"The garden in front of the palace was the concept of the Maharaja and we have designed it factoring in the present-day needs. The designs were developed when Harsh Gupta was the executive officer of the board. Considering the importance of the structure, we are developing the gardens and giving heritage touch to the site,\" he told TOI.The state government has awarded Rs 25 crore for the development of the palace given that it has completed 100 years since it is declared completed in 1912.N J Venugopal, the assistant horticulture officer, attached to the Palace Board, said the three-acre garden is getting a modern look with new lawn spread out with Mexican grass, ornamental and flower plants.The authorities are investing Rs 22 lakh for plants and development of the lawn. They are building two lilly ponds of 9 sq ft each at the far end near the Jayamarthanda gate. There will be 50 different palm plants like acalapa, nooda, rosia, twisted, iranthimum, igzora and goldiana.Separate beds for seasonal flowers will add seasonal beauty to the site with flowers like antaranium, flaxo, chrysanthemum, salvia, marigold, alyssum, petunia and zenia. In the middle of the garden, new Italian-made sprinkler sets are fixed. They can sprinkle water in a radius of 100 metres.The board is also lying concrete at Bidadi gate where Dasara procession will be inaugurated. It is also building five sheds to house Dasara elephants which stay in the city for over two months. The sheds will match the heritage look of the structure, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15172050", "title": "Consumer forum wants rollback of LPG, diesel, petrol prices", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Consumers' Legal Protection Forum (CLPF) demanded immediate rollback of the hike in petrol, diesel and LPG prices in the state. Terming the recent price hike decision as anti-people, the forum's chief coordinator Ajoy Hazarika said, \"Without prior information, the state government abruptly increased the rate of petrol, diesel and LPG on Wednesday. The common man is facing tremendous problem due to the steep hike. The state government increases the rates as per their wish through an SMS to the agents.\"He said that in April, 1989, the rate of one litre petrol was Rs 8.50, diesel Rs 3.54 and one LPG cylinder was Rs 57.60, but after the recent hike, the rate of one litre petrol has become Rs 75.24, diesel Rs 47.34 and one LPG cylinder Rs 411.43.The state government increased the prices of diesel, petrol by Rs 1.95 and Rs 2.13 per litre respectively and the price of LPG cylinder has gone up by Rs 19.43 per cylinder. \"In Assam , the hike in LPG prices is the highest in the country,\" Hazarika added.Most of the essential commodities are imported by road and price rise of diesel will further increase their prices, he said. The government has come under widespread criticism since the announcement on Wednesday. Rajesh Jain, a city trader, said. \"The diesel price hike will have a serious impact on the prices of essential commodities. Vegetables are soon becoming unaffordable for the common man in the city these days,\" said Jain.A housewife of Beltola locality in the city, Shruti Goswami is more disappointed with the price hike of LPG. \"Such price hike by the government is against the interest of the public, who installed the ruling parties in power,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15176732", "title": "Government stands to gain on petrol hike", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee likes it or not, the consumer's pain on the oil front will turn out to be a gain for the state government. With oil firms passing the irrecoverable tax component on the consumer, the Mamata Banerjee government will stand to gain about Rs 100 crore a year in the form of sales tax and state surcharge due to the hike in oil prices.So, when Mamata criticizes the Centre for doing away with the cushion it offered to oil companies till Wednesday, she can temper the sales tax rate or the cess to the extent that the new state tax rates help to set off the increased liability on consumer, if not more.How so? Average consumption of diesel in the state was around 2.8 lakh kilolitres a month and petrol was 50,000 kilolitres in the first quarter (April, May and June). A little arithmetic based on these figures shows that the state government can easily set off the hike in diesel prices by doing away with the one-rupee cess on diesel per litre. The state will lose around Rs 300 crore by abolishing the cess on diesel, while it will be gaining Rs 100 crore on account of state surcharge. The net loss comes to around Rs 200 crore that the state can manage by taking austerity measures. The move can check the cost push that the increased diesel price is likely to have on all sectors that the chief minister pointed out on Wednesday.There is another annoying feature, though it doesn't have an impact on public transport. Petrol price in Kolkata is now the highest in the country, with Kolkata petrol 99 paisa dearer to that in Mumbai. According to car manufacturers, this might lead to a drop in the petrol car demand in the city leading to a spurt in diesel cars' demand, whose ex-showroom prices are often beyond the reach of the middle class. This will also lead to a drop in the state revenues in the long run because sales tax rates on petrol is much higher than diesel. This apart, the increasing switch to the diesel mode will make things increasingly difficult for the state government to distinguish between private and public transport.Now, if the state decides to keep a tax parity on petrol and diesel, the state government may also do away with the one rupee cess on petrol that will cost the state not more than Rs 50 crore.However, state officials ruled out the abolition of the state surcharge (irrecoverable tax) like some states have done. \"A complete rollback of hike in petrol and diesel prices would cost the state exchequer Rs 700-750 crore yearly which would have an impact on Rs 31,000 crore tax collection target for this fiscal,\" a state official said. Now, West Bengal has an irrecoverable tax component of 20% on the amount of sales tax on petrol and diesel.In fact, fuel prices will become even less than the earlier prices (petrol 73.61, diesel 43.74) if the government withdraws the state surcharge. Sources in oil companies pointed out that in such a situation petrol will be cheaper by Rs 3.25 and diesel Rs 1.20 less. \"The state government will lose Rs 55-60 crore every month if it abolishes the 20% surcharge completely,\" a state official said.Impact of roll back of irrecoverable tax (20%) on both petrol and dieselPetrol will be cheaper by Rs 3.25Diesel will be cheaper by Rs 1.20State exchequer would loose Rs 700-750 crorePetrol price in metrosKolkata--Rs 76.13Mumbai--Rs75.14Delhi--Rs 68.48Chennai--Rs 72.19Patna--Rs 72.63Bhubaneswar--Rs 68.31Guwahati--Rs 74.46Ranchi---Rs 68.47Soft optionAnnual loss of Rs 300 crore to the state if it abolishes one rupee cess on dieselAnnual loss of Rs 350 crore to the state if the cess is abolished on both petrol and dieselHard optionRs 700-750 crore loss to the state if the state withdraws the state surcharge. This will make petrol cheaper by Rs 3.25 a litre, and diesel by Rs 1.20", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15179128", "title": "Nigeria asked to punish killers of two Indian traders", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Thursday asked Nigeria to swiftly bring to book the perpetrators behind the brutal murder of two Indian traders, Shanker Saha (35) and Bokul Chander Mondal (35), in an ``unprovoked armed attack'' on their business premises at Maiduguri in Borno state of the country on July 25.``The Indian High Commission has also sought a thorough investigation by the Nigerian authorities concerned to establish the precise motive behind this heinous crime (which also left another Indian Biresh Yadav, 43, grievously wounded ), and the perpetrators brought to book,'' said an official.The three victims were working with M/s Adebar Trades and Industries Ltd, which is engaged in processing and exporting gum Arabic since 2007 and employs around 100 Nigerian nationals. ``Such wanton attacks on innocent Indians do not serve the cause of peace and socio-economic development as well as the friendly ties between the people of India and Nigeria,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15171395", "title": "Review meeting held for electoral rolls", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Election Commission has expressed its displeasure on the revision of electoral rolls being taken up by the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC).Additional chief electoral officer V Venkateshwara Rao held a review meeting with the officers of GHMC regarding door-to-door survey and revision of electoral rolls and issuance of electoral photo identity cards (EPICs) on Thursday.The additional CEO said he had received more complaints in Hyderabad limits than any another district and directed the officials to make extra efforts in solving the grievances of the people.He directed the officials to keep one booth-level officer (BLO) in each polling booth and instructed them to complete the door-to-door survey before July 31. They have been directed to remove the names of those who died or shifted to other locations and also to correct the particulars of the voters which were previously entered wrongly. The additional CEO also asked officials to give preference for new voters.Venkateshwara Rao asked the electoral registration officers to create awareness among people about the registration of new electors. The names of new voters would be enrolled only after seven days from the date of submission of their applications along with documents. The EPICs would be issued to voters through Citizen Service Centres of GHMC circle offices in Hyderabad district and eSeva centres of respective Assembly constituencies.In case the applicant's house is found to be locked during verification, the additional CEO directed the officials to paste a sticker on the door so that they could can meet the BLOs on a Sunday before July 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15178983", "title": "1,100 sq km of Dudhwa is buffer area", "text": "LUCKNOW: In compliance with the Supreme Court order, the Uttar Pradesh forest department has notified the buffer area in the Dudhwa National Park. Nearly 1,100 square kilometres have been notified as buffer in the park. It comprises 190 square kilometres of Dudhwa national park, 450 square kilometres of north Kheri forest, 150 square kilometres of Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuary and the remaining area is from the south Kheri forest. \"Notifying the buffer area will help in better management of the national park,\" said Ganesh Bhatt, deputy director of Dudhwa National Park.The area, which has been notified as the buffer zone has always been used as the buffer for the reserve. The only thing was that the government had not officially notified it as buffer. The forest department by way of a notification issued on July 21, has officially notified the area as buffer zone.Dudhwa tigers are distributed in one major and three smaller populations. Major population is constituted by Dudhwa reserve which includes Dudhwa National Park, Kishenpur and Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuaries and forests of Pilibhit, north and south Kheri.The smaller tiger populations are present in Bijnor forests in west, and Suhelwa and Sohagibarwa wildlife sanctuaries in east. The core area in Dudhwa spreads over 690 square kilometres and in Katarniaghat's core area is about 250 square kilometres.Officially notifying the buffer will make the Dudhwa authorities also plan for the management and development of the buffer area. This, in turn, will increase the area for movement of tigers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15177794", "title": "NIT professor on indefinite fast over salary issues", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A senior faculty of the government-run engineering cradle National Institute of Technology, (NIT-Adityapur) has gone on indefinite fast protesting against delay in the release of his salary due for the last 30 months. Prof Chandrasekhar Chaudhary, faculty of the metallurgical department is also upset with the Seraikela-Kharswan district administration for not lodging cases under SC/ST (prevention of atrocities) Act against four administrative officials despite a directive from the sub divisional officer of Seraikela.Chaudhary seeks a police case against former directors of the institute, Dr Debashish Bhattacharya , former director in-charge A Mishra and senior administrators, Dr Ganpati Panda and Dr R J Singh.The issue dates back to 2003 when Prof Chaudhary had gone on study leave for pursuing Phd to IIT-Madras under Quality Improvisation Programme (QIP) of the department. However, owing to alleged misinformation spread by a section of the NIT administrators about him Prof Chaudhary had to quit his Phd quest in the middle and return to the institute, said the professor.The real trouble started thereafter and it took more than five years for Prof. Chaudhary to get reinstated as the then NIT board of governors prevented him from rejoining the job citing one excuse or the other, said Chaudhary.However, in 2008 he was reinstated. \"I continued receiving salary for few months and thereafter my salary was stopped and till this day I have not received my salary,\" said Prof. Chaudhary on Thursday at the fast venue at NIT's administrative building.In 2008, when Chaudhary sensed that the four administrative officials have allegedly conspired to harass him he took up the matter with then chief minister Arjun Munda .On the directive of Munda, SDO C K Singh probed into the matter. On finding the allegations of Chaudhary true he asked the district police to lodge cases against the four officials under SC/ST Act but till this day no case has been lodged, said the Professor.The incumbent in-charge of the institute, Dr S B L Sinha urged the professor to call off his strike assuring him of speedy redressal of his grievances.\"The present in-charge (of the institute) has no power to take a decision on my issue,\" said Prof Chaudhary who claimed that he will call off his fast only when his due salary is released and when cases against the said officials are lodged. \"Our moral support is with the professor and we seek justice for him,\" said NIT Teachers Association President Dr N K Agarwal. The college administration is not willing to speak on the matter.\"The director in-charge (Dr Sinha) has told me that he has recommended release his due salary to the senior authorities and police will look into the matter,\" said SDO, Seraikela, Chandrabhusan Singh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15180231", "title": "Beijing looks for military solution to island dispute", "text": "BEIJING: China on Thursday said it will have two military garrisons operating in the disputed Sansha islands in South China Sea, one of its army and the other of its navy . The assessment is that the new military establishments mean Beijing is ruling out further dialogue and getting ready for a military solution to the issue.This will be China's third largest military concentration in a small area after its deployment on the border with India and the straits across Taiwan.China has ignored claims of ownership to Sansha islands from Vietnam and the Philippines to establish one of the world's quickest military build-up in peacetime. The move has added grist to speculation of an armed conflict in South China Sea as both Vietnam and the Philippines regard the island as their sovereign territory.Responding to allegations of unilateral action by Beijing, Chinese defence ministry spokesman Yang Yujun said its decision to create establishments in its own territory was irrelevant to other countries.\"Sansha military garrison and Xisha maritime garrison are separate military organs,\" Yujun added. The newly established military garrison is under Hainan military command. The Xisha maritime garrison is under the Chinese navy's Nanhai Fleet and the latter is responsible for maritime defence and military combat.\"Whether a military establishment has combat forces or not depends on its military tasks,\" Yujun said, indicating that the naval unit will be the first to respond in case of a military conflict.The ministry also announced the appointment of senior officers in the army garrison. It will be led by senior colonel Cai Xihong as the commander and senior colonel Liao Chaoyi as the political commissar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15178026", "title": "Ranchi police book bandh supporters", "text": "RANCHI: District police on Thursday lodged around half-a-dozen FIRs against agitators who had resorted to violence to enforce Jharkhand bandh on Wednesday. The Jharkhand Dishom Party supported by tribal outfits and other political parties had called the bandh to protest against the state government's \"forceful acquisition\" agricultural land in Nagri locality of Ranchi.SSP Saket Kumar Singh said police would use photographs of the bandh enforcers published in newspapers to identify them and take legal action against them for resorting to violence and vandalism. tnnThe bandh enforcers had indulged in mass violence, damaged several vehicles and injured several people.Five arrested in dacoity case: The district police on Thursday solved the dacoity case at a beverage unit in city last month. Five persons -- Afroz Ansari, Mohd Omar Khan, Asfaq Ansari, Rohit Lakra, and Tanvir Alam-- were arrested in this connection. A sum of Rs 9.5 lakh was looted in the incident. Police recovered Rs 45,000 along with one country made pistol, two live bullets and six mobile phones. Staff of the company had masterminded the loot, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15172837", "title": "MMRDA driver held for flat fraud", "text": "MUMBAI: Eight persons, including an MMRDA driver, have been arrested for allegedly duping several people by promising them flats in buildings for project affected people (PAP) in Kanjurmarg. The accused have allegedly siphoned off Rs 50 lakh.Six victims have approached the BKC police, but cops suspect more people may be involved in the fraud, which may run into crores. Last month, a victim, Mohammed Nizam, complained against the accused, who posed as MMRDA officials and duped him of Rs 30.5 lakh.A team of police arrested the mastermind, Santosh Sankhe alias Khadpe (52), and his aides\u2014Nilesh Awale (27), an MMRDA driver on contract basis, Javed Kurtadkar (42) and four others. They are in custody till July 27.The gang offered flats at the MMRDA project at a price less than the market rate. Sankhe would take the victim to MMRDA office in the government vehicle, driven by Awale. Here, they would give the victim a forged pre-allotment letter and collect Rs 5 lakh.On visiting the project site, the victims would realize they had been conned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15176149", "title": "'Each district to get hi-tech plants'", "text": "PORVORIM: The government is hopeful of finalizing two high technology garbage treatment plants for each district of Goa by November 2012. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar announced this on the floor of the Assembly while intervening in a discussion on a starred question by Dabolim Congress MLA Mauvin Godinho to urban development minister Francis D'Souza.With Godinho repeatedly prodding the government for a deadline to solve the festering garbage problem in Goa, Parrikar said that his government would \"tentatively\" float an expression of interest or go for a tender to identify the \"correct working technology\" to treat garbage in Goa.Once the technology has been identified, the government will take a delegation to visit a treatment plant where that technology is functioning to ensure that it does not emanate any foul smell.The chief minister said that various parties have presented the government with about five different technologies to treat garbage. He said the failure of previous governments to resolve the problem was because it had failed to identify the correct technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15175594", "title": "Vegetables digging a deeper hole in your pocket", "text": "PANAJI: Sparse rainfall in neighbouring states has hit the common man hard in Goa as some vegetable prices have soared astronomically during the last few days, with some items rising by more than You're your intake of greens is likely to suffer further with prices on the board likely to witness an upward spiral, sources said.The prices of cabbage, potatoes, tomatoes, french beans and some other vegetables have risen, but fluctuate, often on a daily basis. \"This is because of poor rainfall in areas producing vegetables and there is possibility of a further hike in their prices,\" an official of Goa state horticultural corporation said.The price of tomatoes has shot up to Rs 30 per kg from Rs 20 per kg a few days back, while potatoes are being sold at Rs 22 to Rs 25 per kg, up from Rs 20 per kg a few days back.The price of carrot has witnessed sharp fluctuations, as the vegetable is being sold between Rs 80 and Rs 90 per kg, up from Rs 70 to Rs 80, just a few days back. \"The difference in price is as much as Rs 20,\" the official said. \"We would buy carrots, but cannot afford them anymore,\" housewife Bianca Dias said.Cluster beans have also become dearer and are being sold at Rs 30 per kg. \"A week back, they were being sold for Rs 25 per kg,\" a source said. French beans have gone beyond the reach of the common man with prices shooting up to around Rs 40 to Rs 50 per kg, as against Rs 25 to Rs 32 per kg. But prices may fall, sources said.Cabbages are being sold at Rs 22 kg, up from Rs 18 per kg some days back while lady fingers have risen to Rs 32 per kg from Rs 20 per kg last week. A piece of cauliflower is selling at Rs 24 whereas one could fetch it for Rs 18 just some days back.The prices of spring onions, cucumber and other vegetables have risen up, but coriander, spinach, lemons are a few of the items which are stagnant or shown a downward trend.Though fish prices should not have hit the roof, as demand usually drops during the Shravan month, portions of the much-sought after side dish as a fried item or to season the curry are selling at high prices. \"With one portion of prawns, there was enough quantity to cook for two separate meals, but the quantity has now shrunk so much that only one meal is possible,\" housewife Shruti Desai said.Agreed Shivnath Naik, who does the shopping for his family in the city. \"We used to balance out rice plate with fish and vegetables, but there is not much we buy now with the buying capacity of the rupee shrinking so much,\" he said.The prices of other fish items are quickly edging out of the harried common man's reach. Only four to five small mackerels can be bagged for Rs 100, while small portions of sardines and silver fish cost upwards of Rs 50, and shrimps are commanding Rs 100 for a very meager portion.The prices of beef and mutton have, however, remained stagnant at Rs 160 per kg and Rs 350 per kg, but chicken prices have soared from Rs 90 per kg to Rs 120 per kg.If that's not enough to spoil your meal, the dessert too is leaving a bad taste in the mouth. Prices of the common man's fruit, the banana, have also shot up. A dozen of the local variety cost Rs 50, while the Moira bananas are being sold at Rs 50 per kg (6 pieces).Elaichi bananas are not available at some of the Goa horticulture outlets. \"If available they are being sold at Rs 50 per dozen,\" a housewife said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15173569", "title": "Helpline launched for cops in Gadchiroli", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Gadchiroli police has launched a helpline 'samadhan kaksha' to deal with complaints from its personnel. The helpline centre was inaugurated by collector Abhishek Krishna in the presence of DIG, Gadchiroli range, Ravindra Kadam, and SP Suvez Haque at police headquarter in Gadchiroli on Wednesday.Terming the idea as innovative, DIG Kadam expressed confidence that policemen will avail its services. SP Haque informed that complaints will be registered on telephone and forwarded to the department concerned for remedial action to be taken within seven days. The centre will also intimate the complainants on phone about the action taken. This will save precious time of cops who have to travel to and fro from respective headquarters, explained Haque.Praising the move, collector Krishna said this would help employees residing in remote and difficult terrains of the district. He claimed that district administration is also contemplating to launch similar helpline centres at tehsil level for all government employees.On the occasion, brave police jawans including ASI Milind Padgilwar, constables Naresh Kawadkar, Prakash Gate, Sachin Bhat and Bhojraj Bahekar were given appreciation letters and cash prizes for rescuing Salote couple from village Dongargaon (Buruk) during flood at Khobragadi river. Additional SP Abhishekh Trimukhe, Sudhir Hiremath and Rahul Seth and other senior officers were present at the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15177185", "title": "Shortage of funds delays Koregaon Park police station work", "text": "PUNE: Despite terror threats to several establishments in Koregaon Park, the wait for a full fledged police station in the area has become longer as the state government has not released the Rs 3.19 crore required for construction of the building.The police station was sanctioned in August 2008 in view of the increasing crime rate and rapid urbanisation of the city. The project got priority after the German Bakery bomb blast in 2010.The tony area which is visited by thousands of foreigners, its bustling image and the presence of the Jewish Chabad House and the Osho International Meditation Resort heightened the security concerns. The area also has hotels, bungalows, housing societies and eateries patronised by students and foreigners.The land for the police station was provided by the district collector in 2011. A temporary structure comprising three rooms was inaugurated on a 10-guntha land on January 16, this year. The public works department was expected to complete the construction by May.Senior inspector Shivaji Kamble of the Koregaon Park police station told TOI on Wednesday, \"We have received administrative sanction for Rs 3.19 crore to construct the police station at S.No. 112/5 on lane No 4A. But the state government has not yet made budgetary provision for the funds.\"\"Moreover, the file pertaining to the police station was destroyed in the Mantralaya fire in June. I have submitted a new file at Mantralaya and we have requested the authorities to expedite the process of making budgetary provision and releasing funds in larger public interest,\" Kamble said.Kamble said the police station will be constructed on a 1,000 sq. ft. land. It will be an ideal police station and will be constructed as per the central government norms for police stations. The police station will have rooms for officers, besides a locker, record room, rest house, canteen and a reception. It will also have a computer cell and a cyber cell, which no police station in the city has. There will be adequate space for parking also.MLAs Ramesh Bagwe and Madhur Misal have provided Rs 30 lakh each from their MLA fund for the to construction of a model police station at Koregaon Park, Kamble added.The makeshift police station is manned by two inspectors, four sub-inspectors and 75 policemen. The police station has jurisdiction over an area of 5 km radius, carved out from the jurisdiction of the Bund Garden police station. It covers areas from Morwada bridge to Alpa Bachat Bhavan chowk, Residency Club, Nowrosjee Wadia college, railway overbridge, Alankar chowk, Jehangir hospital chowk, Ruby Hall clinic, Dhole-Patil Road, Boat Club Road and old and new circuit houses.Proposal for manpower, chowkiesSenior inspector Shivaji Kamble of Koregaon Park police station has submitted a proposal seeking 25 policemen to police commissioner Gulabrao Pol. Kamble said the additional manpower was needed to tackle issues relating to traffic, accident cases, VVIP movements and to prevent attacks on doctors at hospitals. Kamble has also proposed setting up of police chowkies near Jehangir hospital and near the old circuit house. Currently the police station has two chowkies - near Wadia college and at Koregaon Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15170664", "title": "Madrassas get a zakat boost during Ramzan", "text": "HYDERABAD: The holy month of Ramzan gives many cash-strapped madrassas a reason to cheer for this is the time of the year when the faithful make generous donations, mostly in the form of zakat, to these seminaries.Officials of the Rajiv Vidya Mission (SSA) put the number of madrassas in the city at 1,200. However, with a large number of madrassas mushrooming in nooks and corners of various neighbourhoods in the Old City such as Shaheen Nagar and Toli Chowki, unofficial estimates peg the number at around 3,000, a majority of which provide boarding and lodging to their students.While some large madrassas such as the 150-year-old Jamia Nizamia have properties which help in their upkeep, scholar and citizens pointed out that more than 80% of the city's madrassas rely only on atiyaat (donations). These madrassas do not have any assets of their own since they believe that it is the duty of the Muslim community to contribute for their upkeep. Depending on the number of students, each madrassa receives donations between Rs 2,000 and Rs 1,00,000 a month. With the arrival of Ramzan, the donations swell substantially.Interestingly, madrassa officials note that a majority of the donations in the form of zakat come from the middle class and not from the affluent during Ramzan.Maulana Maqsood Yamani from the Deeni Madaaris Board said, \"People from the middle class make generous donations unlike big businessmen. Even a donation of Rs 10 makes a difference to these madrassas.\" Maulana Yamani added that this is the equivalent of mutthi (fistful) fund of the olden days when people used to donate either a handful of rice or pulses to madrassas. Maulana Jafar Pasha from Jamia Islamia Dar-ul-Uloom in Shivrampally said, \"This system is still exists but the modalities of donations have changed.\"Heads of madrassas lamented that providing food, clothing, bedding and medication cost a fortune and the existence of a madrassa depended on the network of its donors.Rashid Naseem Nadwi, head of a madrassa and an associate professor with English and Foreign Language University said, \"A majority of madrassa students are poor and madrassas have to provide for them. For example, the cost of three simple meals everyday for a madrassa of 100 students comes up to Rs 1,00,000 a month.\"\"There are two schools of thought when it comes to dealing with donations. One advocates proactively seeking donations while the other supports donors who visit the madrassa to verify the state of the infrastructure, education and students before making the donation,\" he said adding some madrassas appoint people in a separate fundraising department to bring in donations.Officials of the Deeni Madaaris Board said rules have been framed to make donation transactions transparent.\"While seeking donations, madrassas should submit registration papers. Also two members of the same family should not be on its board if the madrassa is registered under a society,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15175530", "title": "Putting time limit on trials is not SC\u2019s job, says govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Thursday said despite repeated rulings of the Supreme Court recognizing the right to speedy trial of an accused, only the legislature had the jurisdiction to amend the law and prescribe time limit for completion of trials.Additional solicitor general Harin Raval cited a constitution bench judgment of the apex court and told a bench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad that courts should not fix time limits for trials as it was a legislative exercise. The bench was hearing a petition by an accused seeking quashing of 37-year-old trial proceedings in L N Mishra murder case on the ground of inordinate delay.Arguing for petitioner Ranjan Dwivedi, senior advocate T R Andhyarujina said his client and his family had considered the court's suggestion for a direction to the trial court to expeditiously complete the trial and give its verdict.\"Dwivedi would rather prefer the apex court to consider his plea for quashing the excruciatingly long trial on the ground that it is a unique case which has not only seriously prejudiced him but also brutally violated his right to speedy trial, which is part of his right to life,\" Andhyarujina said.The court agreed to examine the cause of long delay in the trial but asked, \"Can an order for quashing of the trial be passed when it is found that neither the accused nor prosecution but the system is responsible for the delay?\"Andhyarujina said the accused was also a victim of another long judicial delay. His appeal challenging conviction in the case relating to the 1975 bomb attack on then Chief Justice of India A N Ray was pending in Delhi High Court for the last 36 years, the counsel added.He said, \"In a case where there had been delay of 10 to 15 years, the apex court would be justified in ordering expeditious completion of the trial, but not in a case where the delay is gross.\"But the bench of Justices Dattu and Prasad found that the Supreme Court had in December 1991 rejected the plea for quashing of the trial on the ground of delay. So, it asked the CBI to show that the prosecution was not responsible for dragging of the trial from December 1991 till date.Raval read out a detailed list of dates concerning the L N Mishra murder trial and informed the court that except for three adjournments, the prosecution had never sought to postpone proceedings.Though the bench posted the matter for further arguments on Tuesday, it wondered why the trial court adjourned proceedings for long intervals despite the 1991 direction of the apex court for a day-to-day trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15181328", "title": "He gives Raja Ravi Varma's masterpieces a mural rebirth", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Manuj Brahmapaad, a self-styled commercial artist, paints his pieces for both pleasure and profit. \"In painting I find that freedom of not being subservient or accountable to anyone. I can paint what I want and since it fetches me my dough, I make sure my work is worth people's money,\" says Manuj. At present he is working on mural depictions of selected works of Raja Ravi Varma.Manuj took to painting seven years back. He used to travel around the country in pursuit of occultism before that. After his expedition around the country, Manuj felt that all he wanted was to be independent and be happy.However, he stumbled upon his talent to paint through serendipity. Manuj has no formal training. Seven year ago, in Trichy on an idle evening, Manuj doodled with a pencil and his friend Ashad Sivaram found them interesting. \"He encouraged me to paint more. Soon, I began making money through Kairali, an outlet through which my paintings were sold,\" recounts Manuj.Manuj used to paint landscapes and do impressions of Ravi Varma's works. \"They were my subjects of painting since Malayalis have for generations had the same taste. Contemporary art rarely clicks with the Malayali crowd,\" he says.The artist took to mural painting after he stumbled upon a copy of a book about ancient mural paintings in temples in Kerala. Manuj visited temples all over Kerala to make a detailed study of the mural paintings there. \"Since taking photographs were forbidden in the temples, I used to sit and make drawing at the temple,\" he recollects. Manuj has finished the mural adaptation of Ravi Varma's Sarswathi. \"It is my favourite since she is an embodiment of purity,\" he beams. Manuj has nearly finished Hamsa Damayanthi. After finishing it he will start work on Maharashtrian Lady.Manuj has a gallery named 'Chitra Pathank', which means butterfly in Sanskrit, in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15179520", "title": "Unholy acts of \u2018holy men\u2019", "text": "The city cops are receiving many cases of cheating by self-styled godmen, who prey on the insecurities of gullible residents.From newspaper advertisements to landing up at the doorstep, these 'miracle sellers' are going to any lengths to deceive people. The police said they had a close-knit network, which was operating from Chandigarh, Panchkula and Mohali and included some women too.Four cases of fraud by these 'holy men' have been reported in the last two weeks. In a case registered last week, Manimajra resident Vinod Saini had said that his brother-in-law was duped of Rs 1.05 lakh by 'Sri Baba', who had promised to bring good luck to his son. He said, \"After we deposited the money in his account, he stopped taking our calls,\" he added.In another case, a 'godman' cheated a Sector 38 couple of Rs 50,000 on the pretext of ensuring a government job for the husband.Some of these fraudsters rob their prey after hypnotizing them. A Sector 27 woman had told the police that a 'baba' came to her house and escaped with Rs 30,000 after hypnotizing her. A Sector 45 resident too had reported such an incident. There are, however, many cases that go unreported.Alok Kumar, deputy inspector general of UT police, said, \"We are receiving many such complaints. Officials have been told to take such cases seriously, register an FIR and arrest the fraudsters, so that other victims too come forward with their complaints.\"A few days ago, police had arrested a 'godman' from Mohali for duping about six city residents of lakhs of rupees.\"He is known as 'Sri baba' and is fond of a lavish lifestyle and high-end cars,\" a cop said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi/hyderabad", "code": "15171947", "title": "Governor faces flak for ignoring tribal troubles", "text": "NEW DELHI/HYDERABAD: Union tribal affairs and panchayati raj minister Kishore Chandra Deo has criticised Andhra Pradesh governor ESL Narasimhan for failing to act on his request that he stop bauxite mining in Visakhapatnam. Deo complained that the special powers of a governor were a waste if not used to safeguard the interests of tribals.Deo had written to Narasimhan in May asking him to invoke his special powers for Scheduled Areas to cancel the leases for bauxite mining in tribal areas saying that it would destroy homes and livelihoods.But the governor's reply - that the issue had been sent to the state government for examination - seems to have riled Deo.\"The governor has special powers and he does not even need to refer it to the state government,\" the tribal affairs minister told TOI.An exasperated Deo said that a governor could consult the state government to ascertain facts but it could not be left open-ended, without deadline.\"If governors have to talk to state governments or depend on them, then why should the Constitution mention these special powers,\" he asked, adding that governors had to take up a proactive role to ensure tribal welfare.Questioning the delay, Deo said that the mining orders in question were not laws or Acts passed by the Assembly but mere administrative orders which are easier to deal with.Under Schedule V, governors are empowered to veto the implementation of any law on the grounds of displacement of tribals, regulation of land allotment and money-lending activities.In May, Deo had told the Andhra governor that bauxite mining leases issued between 2005 and 2010 in Visakhapatnam violated the regulation barring sale or lease of tribal land to non-tribals.These leases were given by state-owned AP Mining Development Corporation during the YS Rajasekhara Reddy regime.The minister bolstered his case by arguing the said projects were undertaken without adequate rehabilitation of tribals and warned that it was leading to support for Naxal activities.The expanding Naxal footprint in tribal regions, with the narrative of their growing support rooted in exploitative laws and rampant land acquisition, moved the Centre to look for ways to address the unrest. It was felt that governors be asked to take their special powers seriously and insulate tribals from laws inimical to their interests.The attorney general bolstered the Centre's position, clarifying that governors were not bound by the advice of the government on their jurisdiction on tribal areas.Deo said he would follow the course of action adopted on Visakhapatnam if there were other complaints over mining in tribal areas. \"Whether it is bauxite or iron ore or whatever, if we receive a complaint, we will refer to the same course of action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15174989", "title": "Kashmir Valley gets a passport office", "text": "SRINAGAR: Capping a mammoth countrywide exercise, foreign minister S M Krishna opened the 77th passport office in the heart of Srinagar on Thursday, and the unveiling is significant in two ways \u2014 it's a sign that normal functioning may be possible in the troubled Valley along with a manifestation of improved ties between India and Pakistan.The opening of a Passport Sewa Kendra (PSK) in Srinagar is significant, particularly because militants had torched a passport office here some years ago. Krishna observed, \"These passport offices are also playing an important role in the implementation of the confidence-building measures between India and Pakistan by way of facilitating travel of persons on either side of the Line of Control.\"India-Pakistan was part of the larger narrative during the event here on Thursday, which assumes importance since Krishna is slated to travel to Islamabad on September 7 for meeting with his Pakistani counterpart, Hina Rabbani Khar. J&K; chief minister Omar Abdullah , encouraging greater engagement between India and Pakistan, put the state's situation as a direct consequence of the peace process between the two neighbours. Pushing for greater cross-LoC trade, he said, \"There are two major aspects missing,\" he said. The lack of financial instruments, banking relations made it little better than a primitive form of barter trade. Secondly, the fact that trade continued to be based on a positive list, rather than a negative list, hampered development of trading ties. Omar also asked for the Srinagar-Muzaffarabad bus to include people other than divided families, because, as he said, there aren't many such families left in Kashmir Valley.Inaugurating the PSK, Krishna pointed to new pastures for the passport project. \"With the completion of 77 PSKs, the ministry is working on setting up Passport Seva Laghu Kendras in north-eastern States and other parts of the country. The ministry is also working on integration of Indian Embassies and Consulates with Passport Seva Project.\" Krishna added that he would be asking permission for 350 more PSKs in different parts of the country as a nod to the avalanche of requests from MPs. The next step, he said, would be to integrate PSKs with police stations digitally since the facility would help in getting police verifications quickly, which is the weakest link in the existing passport service.Farooq Abdullah, Union minister for new and renewable energy resources, took a leaf from Wednesday's speech by President Pranab Mukherjee , reiterating that India was in the middle of a fourth world war against terror. \"But we can't choose our neighbours. Our best hope for progress is to be able to leave in peace with them,\" he added.Currently, the Srinagar Passport office has been set up in temporary digs. But Omar has allotted them an acre of prime urban plot in downtown Srinagar, and in a couple of years, the MEA expects to move into its own building. This would be one of two passport offices in Kashmir, the other is in Jammu.Basant Gupta, additional secretary in charge of passports in MEA, said they wanted to process 90 million passports in the next 10 years.J&K; itself has seen a spurt in passport demands. But that has brought its own set of problems. Farooq pitched for more speedy clearances for Kashmiris by the Indian intelligence agencies. Residents of J&K; typically take much longer to get an IB clearance for a passport. Since this is the remit of the state government, it was seen as an implied critique of his son, Omar.In response, the CM defended his officials, saying while 51,000 people had got clearances in 2011, about 60,000 would be getting approval this year. Instead, he asked for a return of direct flights between Srinagar and Saudi Arabia for Haj pilgrims, saying they face unnecessary delays and harassment having to transit through New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ramgarh/ranchi", "code": "15177915", "title": "Deal signes for mega power plant", "text": "RAMGARH/RANCHI: NTPC and JSEB have signed an agreement for a mega power plant at an estimated cost of Rs7500 crore. The plant will come up in Patratu block of Ramgarh district near the existing thermal power station (PTPS) of Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB). The Power Finance Corporation (PFC) has been appointed as consultants for the project.The new Joint Venture (JV) will produce 1320 MW of power from its two units. General manager of PTPS, Sudhanshu Kumar told ToI here on Thursday that two units of 660 MW each would be installed at PTPS land near the existing plant of JSEB. Kumar said that PFC has already started preparing report of the proposed project and has to float tenders after completion of its final report.For this venture there is no need to acquire land as PTPS has plot ready for the proposed project. Ramgarh would emerge as a power hub of the state once the mega power plant is installed, an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15172702", "title": "Stick to your duties, SMS hospital tells staffers", "text": "JAIPUR: After the incident of sweepers and ward boys treating patients in Uttar Pradesh hospitals came to light, the Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital emergency unit issued directions to all the doctors, nurses, ward boys, trolley men and other staff to perform their own duties.SMS hospital source said that the directions were issued by the in-charge of the emergency unit some 15 days ago.The source said that the new directions bound the emergency staff as trolley man will only operate trolley and is not allowed to do any other work in the emergency unit. If a person does any other job apart from his own duty, he would be held responsible.The directions were issued recently, after UP earned a bad name for its healthcare facilities in government hospitals.The story of sweepers in the hospital stitching wounds and ward boys administering injections in UP shocked everyone.The directions issued to the emergency unit staff of SMS hospital can be seen as a measure to avoid such incidents, even though the SMS hospital's emergency ward has a clean image in treating patients and no such incident has been reported so far, the source said.The facilities at the SMS emergency ward have increased as the three-bed cardiology, neurology and medicine emergency wings were introduced recently.The new medical facilities were inaugurated by chief minister Ashok Gehlot. Now, these facilities are operational and providing better facilities to the patients who need immediate life-saving treatment.Sources said that more than 500 patients come to emergency ward daily and it also shares some burden of the OPD.The patients in OPD have also doubled after the launch of chief minister's free medicine scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15178619", "title": "India\u2019s lightest baby goes home", "text": "MOHALI: Grabbing eyeballs, Ramesh and Rajni's newborn, who weighed just 565g at the time of birth, is believed to be the lightest baby born in India.The three-month-old girl, who was born on May 21, was discharged recently after being kept on ventilator support and treated for various complications. Till now, the record for the lightest child was held by a baby born in Lucknow in September last year, who weighed 620 grams. Prior to that, Suryansh, born in July 2009 in Jaipur, reportedly held the record. The infant, conceived through in-vitro fertilization, lost another 25-30 grams post-birth, doctors said. Her weight, at the time of discharge from hospital, stood at 1.5 kg, which is still underweight for a child her age.She was born after the mother's blood pressure shot up and an ultrasound showed the reversal of blood flow from fetus. \"For the last three months, we have been in the hospital, waiting and hoping for our daughter to survive. She is our only child and we feel blessed to be taking her home with us today,\" said the girl's father.The infant's mother had undergone five abortions and a sixth premature delivery, where the child died after three days, before this girl was born.\"I am very happy that I finally I have my baby in my arms, this is the happiest day of my life\" said her mother Rajni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15186910", "title": "I am not Anna, are you?", "text": "You know a team's the real deal when it releases \"official merchandise\". Team Anna did yesterday. Now there's an \"original\" Anna topi and a \"fake\" Anna topi. Bring on the limited-edition Anna doll that bleats \"Maine shadi nahin ki\" when you push a button. It's only a matter of time. But just when the Anna gang was beginning to make a fundraiser out of a fast, they discovered there were no takers for their T-shirts.Team Anna has stopped thanking its media ke saathi. We're in the doghouse, probably for not declaring the latest do at Jantar Mantar a thundering success. It isn't. After fasting, baking, soaking and flag-waving during the five anshans the city has hosted from April last year, Delhiites seem to have figured they rather like their dal-roti and air-conditioners and left the fast to brothers from other states.A Team Anna spokesman, in the grip of fantasy, said there were 10,000 supporters at Jantar Mantar on Wednesday. The public must've had invisibility-cloaks on. The police's estimate - 2,200 tops - seemed far more realistic. Compare this (not advisable for die-hard supporters) to the lakhs at Ramlila Maidan in August last year.But who can blame the no-show citizens? Results, after all, have been no-show too. For all that big talk and no food, there's still no Lokpal Bill and Pranab Mukherjee....less said about that. The optimistic among last August's Ramlila crowd thought they'd have a new government by now (with Anna as guardian angel); the pessimistic thought the Lokpal Bill would be passed and corruption would be over. All that really happened was weight-loss.Now they're gunning for 15 ministers, including the prime minister. While Arvind Kejriwal , Manish Sisodia, Prashant Bhushan and others prepared dozens of allegations and demanded investigation, Anna mused, \"to fast or not to fast\" and organizers sought permission for the big event, one slipped through and became President. Boo hoo.And now the big blow. Delhi - where Anna had worked magic last year - seems to have turned its back on the crusader who was going to cleanse it. Speakers are resorting to calling people away from malls; Kiran Bedi wants to see more women. Those who are still hoping it becomes a success are waiting for the weekend. Then the public will not have work and will, hope supporters, bring their families over for the evening show. But they'll have to bring a packed snack. No Anna ki rasoi this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15172864", "title": "Kasara train collision public hearing begins", "text": "MUMBAI: The commissioner of railway safety (Central Circle) has begun a public hearing into July 19's Vidarbha Express-EMU collision near Kasara that claimed one life and injured 14 persons.On Thursday, Chetan Bakshi, CRS, recorded statements of the commercial staff, medical personnel and train-ticket examiners, who were present in the train or who first rushed to site.A CR official said, \"By 7 pm, around 30 people had recorded their statements, but the CRS continued the hearing till late in the evening. The hearing will be conducted for two more days and personnel from the engineering staff, control office, etc, will depose. Anyone having crucial information can also depose.\"Source said, \"The CRS will visit the mishap site again on completion of the hearing.\"The CRS has to submit within ten days from the date of accident a preliminary report and provisional findings.A detailed inquiry report has to submitted within 60 days from the date of accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15190819", "title": "Income tax returns: Users face problems in online filing", "text": "MUMBAI: With the last date for filing income tax returns fast approaching on Monday, the I-T department as well as assessees are facing problems with online data entry.This year onward, it is mandatory for all those who earn over Rs 10 lakh per annum to file their returns online, and this has caused the department website to crash as millions of people try to log in all at once before July 31.The I-T PRO says those who have no outstanding taxes due to the department may file their returns after July 31, but those who owe tax will have to pay interest if they fail to do so by this date. For the first time, the I-T department has set up helpdesks or tax kiosks across the city which guide taxpayers how to fill forms and do basic calculations.However, those manning these kiosks are not authorised to accept returns, and assessees must still visit the income tax offices at Bandra-Kurla Complex or Aaykar Bhavan, Churchgate, to do so, or assign the task to a chartered accountant.The helpdesk TRPs (tax return preparers) are neither employees of the I-T department nor are they qualified chartered accountants in several instances. \"This is the first year we are reaching out to the public, and the aim is to show that we are not mere collectors but render service to the taxpayer as well,\" said Anand Mudaliar, an income tax officer who was overseeing the helpdesk at Vidya Vikas Hall, Andheri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15171499", "title": "Committee wants prepaid power meters across UP", "text": "NOIDA: At a time when Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) is trying to reduce its mounting losses, a three-member committee set up by it in Lucknow has recommended for introduction of 'prepaid metering regime' across the state. The committee studied measures adopted in the power sector of West Bengal for implementation in Uttar Pradesh. The committee, among other suggestions, has recommended for introduction of prepaid meters in locations like multi-storey buildings, and government and non-government colonies.The committee, which submitted its report on July 12, studied the functioning of West Bengal State Electricity Distribution Company, which through a series of measures has maintained profits at a time when distribution companies across the country are running up huge losses.In its report, a copy of which is with TOI, the committee has recommended that prepaid meters be also introduced for temporary connections, including markets and shelters, as also for other locations like mobile towers.The report says that prepaid meters have been a huge hit with domestic consumers in Kolkata. In New Town area of Kolkata, consumption on an average fell to 46% of total units consumed within six months.\"Since consumers get regular alerts on balance units of power in terms of rupees, there is a natural tendency to be thrifty,\" said executive engineer, AK Chaudhary, a member of the committee. \"Usage of prepaid meters not only reduces power consumption, thereby resulting in conservation of energy, but also limits consumption beyond contractual load limits leading to lesser stress on transformers,\" he added.The UPPCL, as per figures compiled till May 2012, has recorded total losses of Rs 25,000 crore, out of which domestic consumers alone account for Rs 9,800 crore for non-payment of dues. \"With the introduction of the prepaid system, revenue collection will be 100%, and that too in advance. This revenue would reduce overhead expenditure and could be utilized towards strengthening the distribution networks,\" said Chaudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15175563", "title": "Kakkar SMSed friend about NCP minister\u2019s associate", "text": "MUMBAI: The statement of the wife of a developer who is a close aide of a senior NCP minister could prove crucial in nailing Vijay Palande and the other accused in the Karankumar Kakkar case. According to police, Palande and his associate Dhananjay Shinde had killed Kakkar in his flat. Simran Sood had introduced Palande to Kakkar as her brother.On March 5, a few hours before his death, Kakkar had messaged a friend referring to the minister's aide. He told the friend that Palande had promised to introduce him to the developer who, he believed, was managing black money transactions of influential politicians.The police said they did not make the minister's aide a witness as he had no direct connection to the case. The developer's wife told cops that she often went abroad to shop and the Bangkok visit was her idea. She said she had asked Sood if she wanted to join her. She reportedly told the police that although she had met Kakkar a few times through Sood, she did not know much about him.Palande had convinced Kakkar that the developer would finance the film production house he wanted to start when he was actually eyeing Kakkar's valuables and BMW car. On the day of the murder, Palande was at Kakkar's flat to discuss the finances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15172946", "title": "Students demand exam system overhaul at Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya", "text": "INDORE: Demanding overhauling of examination and result machinery, hundreds of students and activists from different districts of Indore division gathered at the administrative block of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV), on Thursday. Earlier, they took out a procession from Regal Square which culminated at the administrative block situated at RNT Marg.Following their protest, the vice-chancellor came out and listened to their grievances. Students handed over a memorandum to the vice chancellor seeking overhaul of examination and results system, streamlining of academic calendar, setting up of monitoring committee to check regional centres of the varsity and setting up single window grievance cell for the students.The protest was led by K P Jhala, state general secretary, ABVP.\"Students across the division are suffering due to examination and results related problems. Goof-ups and delay in results have become common in the varsity. Hope the new VC will sort out all these issues soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15172092", "title": "Chopper service resumes in Meghalaya", "text": "SHILLONG: After a gap of 15 months, chopper services were resumed in Meghalaya on Thursday with chief minister Mukul Sangma flying in safe landing to Upper Shillong from Guwahati in an all-weather helicopter owned by Delhi-based Pawan Hans Helicopters to mark the official resumption of the chopper service in the hill state.Meghalaya was forced to terminate the service of the state-run aviation company following the tragic chopper crash that claimed the life of Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Dorji Khandu. The agreement was signed on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15178756", "title": "Drought: Congress holds protest in Gadag", "text": "HUBLI: The members of Gadag district Congress held a protest and staged a gherao in front of the DC's office on Thursday, alleging that the state government has failed to tackle the severe drought condition in the state.Congress members and farmers of Gadag district staged a 'rasta roko' for around half an hour in Gadag and later moved to the DC's office to protest. They alleged that the state government failed to give employment and food in drought-affected areas.They said the government did not take any steps about cloud seeding.Congress leader H K Patil lashed at the BJP saying that at a time when a number of state districts were reeling under drought conditions, they were busy doing politics. The government has taken a decision to waive off crop loans for small farmers, it should be extended to the middle yield farmers as well, they demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15171073", "title": "Bid to shift Palayam market draws flak", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The corporation move to shift the vegetable and fruit market at Palayam to a new location has drawn flak from the traders. The traders have presented another proposal to develop the existing market near the Palayam bus stand. On Thursday, the District Vegetable and Fruit Market Co-ordination Committee organized various protest programmes across the city against the corporation decision.However, the city corporation is sticking on its firm stand that the market should be shifted to solve the traffic chaos and to carry out development works of the Palayam bus stand. The proposal of the shifting of the market to new location was initiated by the corporation almost ten years ago. But the traders in city came up strongly against the corporation move to construct a new market at Kalluthankadavu.P Abdul Rasheed, vice-chairman of the traders' committee, said the move to shift the market would not be allowed as it will affect hundreds of fruits and vegetable traders in Palayam. \"As enough land to develop the existing market is available in Palayam, there is no need to build a new market in Kalluthankadavu,\" he said.\"A total 4.5 acres of land is available and the corporation is planning the construction a new road through the back side of the market. 'The corporation can resolve the issue of traffic congestion in the area by developing the market and constructing a new road,\" he said.However, the city corporation Mayor A K Premajam said the corporation cannot accept the suggestions made by the traders as the corporation is planning to carry out development works in Palayam bus stand. \"Once the market is shifted to new location, the development works of Palayam bus terminal would begin,\" she said.The civic body as already began the process to construct new market at Kalluthan Kadavu after the Chief Town Planner approved the project last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15173541", "title": "Wait for South East Central Railway nod delays Itwari railway overbridge", "text": "NAGPUR: Delayed over the allotment of land on lease to complete the construction of Itwari railway overbridge from South East Central Railway, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation has approached the state government to seek its help to complete the project.A senior NMC officer confirmed the development to TOI. On Tuesday, NMC's senior officials from public works department had a videoconferencing with state chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia. The conference was organized to review various central and state government projects launched in the city.Banthia expressed concern over tardy progress of construction of Itwari ROB, a critical traffic link for east Nagpur. He was shocked when he was informed that the ROB was sanctioned by the central government under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) in January 2007 and should have been completed by February 2010. When it was sanctioned, the cost was Rs9.03 crore. However, the tender-approved cost of the project was Rs17.05 crore. Now the cost is over Rs22 crore. The present ROB is narrow and needs to be replaced.\"SECR is delaying the project as it is yet to give approval for leasing out its land for ROB project,\" Banthia was told. Some portion of the railway land is required to NMC so that pillars could be constructed on it. Despite the fact that the NMC had applied for permission well in time, the SECR's head office in Bilaspur referred the matter to the union ministry in Delhi.Sources said the civic body has almost completed the retaining wall of the overbridge from both Itwari railway station and Mirchi Bazar ends. The wall is 280 metres long on either side. The work on footing of suspended portion of the bridge had also started, added the officer. Sources said the railway's permission is mandatory.Earlier, zonal headquarters could give permission but norms changed and they have to be cleared by the railway ministry. So the proposal is now pending in Delhi.\"Later, Banthia directed the state transport secretary Shailesh Sharma to pursue the issue with the railway ministry,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15179225", "title": "VC-registrar spat is out on streets", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government said on Thursday that the quarrel and mudslinging between Bangalore University vice-chancellor N Prabhu Dev and registrar BC Mylarappa was unfortunate.Replying to Prof PV Krishna Bhat (BJP), higher education minister CT Ravi said, \"It has come to the streets. Both have the responsibility of upholding the dignity of the university.\"Bhat said the VC and syndicate too were at loggerheads, and the VC and registrar have not been in talking terms for past three months. He urged the government to direct Prabhu Dev to convene a syndicate meeting and also nullify the formation of a task force, which he said was allegedly harassing BEd college management. The minister assured to look into the issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15177279", "title": "Traffic policemen nab car thief, chain-snatchers", "text": "PUNE: In separate incidents last week, 12 traffic policemen and a traffic warden helped fight crime while managing busy traffic. They also managed to detect several past offences. The city police have announced cash awards and certificates to the traffic personnel which they will receive from the police commissioner later this week.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre on Wednesday said the traffic police showed presence of mind and helped arrest criminals.In one incident, the police had found that a Maruti WagonR, stolen from Goa by Abhijit Borde, was being used in the city by using a fake registration number. Traffic personnel P A Kapure, A B Bagate, R H Jadhav and Varpe of the Khadki division had stopped a car under suspicion at a junction near Khadki. Investigations revealed that the car had a fake number - a number issued for a two-wheeler.The police then made inquires about the car with the company by taking the chassis number. Further investigations revealed that the original owner of the car is from Goa and that the owner had sold it to someone else. The car, the police said, was stolen last year from Goa by Abhijit Borde on the pretext of taking a test drive. The police subsequently handed over the car to the Panaji police for further investigations.In another incident, traffic police constables Saurabh Katke, Irfan Pathan and traffic warden Mukthar Shaikh, attached to the Chatushrungi traffic division, spotted two persons robbing a another person of a gold chain and valuables at knife-point. The traffic personnel chased the two thieves and nabbed them. One of the constables was hurt in a scuffle with one of the suspects.Traffic personnel of the Kothrud divison, G S Gaikwad and woman constable Kamble nabbed a person who had snatched a chain worth Rs 45,000 from a woman at the Hutatma Rajguru chowk in Kothrud. The suspect has been handed over to the Kothrud police.In another incident, traffic constable Amol Sarde nabbed a person, after stopping a rider whose two-wheeler had a fancy number plate. It later turned out that the motorcycle had been stolen from the Bund Garden police station limits.Pandhre, who announced cash awards for the traffic personnel, felicitated them at his office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15173965", "title": "Leopard kills woman farming in Tansa forest", "text": "THANE: A 35-year-old woman, who had gone inside Tansa wildlife sanctuary in Thane district for farming, was killed after being attacked by a leopard on Wednesday. The same leopard is feared to have killed two animals in the same area near Mauli village in Shahapur taluka the next day.This is the second human being to have fallen prey to leopards in the past 10 days. On July 16, a seven-year-old girl, Sanjana Thorat, was eaten up by a leopard when she, accompanied by her mother and grandmother, had stepped out of her home in Mulund to relieve herself.On Wednesday, Durga Ghatal, her husband Dattu (38), son Mohadu and daughter Bharti entered the Tansa sanctuary illegally to tend to agricultural land, around 1 km from Mauli village, where they stayed. Around 3pm, a tired Durga decided to take a break and sat down in a shed put up for farmers to take rest. Suddenly, a 4-ft leopard crept in, pounced on her and dragged her towards the forest, grabbing her by the scruff of her neck, witnesses said. Alarmed by her cries, Durga's family and other relatives chased the leopard with sticks. Pursued, the leopard dropped Durga on the ground and fled. A relative, Chandar Gond, said, \"As soon as we heard her scream, we ran to spot to find a big leopard dragging Durga towards the forest. We managed to rescue her.\"The victim's family took Durga to nearby Shahapur Gramin Hospital but, seeing her critical condition, the doctors referred her to Thane civil hospital. By the time they reached the Thane hospital, it was evening and the doctors declared her brought dead. \"Durga died due to delay in treatment,\" Gond said. According to residents of the area, even two months ago, another woman at Chandoti village in the same taluka was also attacked by a leopard. She could be rescued.J J Kamble, conservator of Tansa Wildlife Sanctuary blamed the leopard attack on villagers encroaching on forest areas where they enter to farm. According to him, they had put up boards outside the premises, warning people not to go in, but residents did not pay heed. He, however, assured that they would increase the patrolling of the area to avoid a repetition of such an incident. Dharma Mara, president of Van Hak Committee that fights for villagers' rights, however, tried to defend the residents: \"The villagers have been farming inside forests since decades. They do not have any other source of income and so, they have to enter the sanctuary.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15178776", "title": "Samajwadi Party suggests for a martyr's memorial in state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Samajwadi Party , Odisha state committee, has suggested the state government establish a martyrs' memorial at Bhubaneswar in the light of Amar Jawan Jyoti in New Delhi. This would inspire the next generation regarding the sacrifice of our heroes for the motherland, the party said.Party state president Rabi Behera, who sent a letter in this regard to chief minister Naveen Patnaik while paying rich tributes to Kargil heroes on the Kargil Divas, stated that 13 years ago we fought the Kargil war and won it on this day. He said many Odia soldiers laid down their lives in this war.Behera said the government's promise made by the state to the martyrs' families must be fulfilled immediately. He also suggested establishing a war memorial library where their valour, courage and sacrifice in action be displayed in a digital form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15187164", "title": "Google celebrates opening ceremony of London 2012", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the world focuses on the opening ceremony of London 2012, Google on Friday also extended its support by dedicating a fascinating doodle. The world's biggest sporting event will kick off officially in London on July 27 at 9:00pm GMT.The doodle displays five athletes on track holding the letters of Google which also symbolises the logo of Olympics.The doodle features the sports football , basketball, swimming, fencing, running, and javelin throw.The London Olympics 2012 , officially the Games of the XXX Olympiadis, is scheduled to start from 27 July, 2012 and will end on August 12, 2012. It has taken London seven years and \u00a39.3 billion to get the stage ready.In this sporting extravaganza, 10,000 athletes are expected to participate from 204 countries.The opening ceremony London 2012 is expected to be a 3-hour event that will be telecast all over the world and allowing sports enthusiasts watching.From India, a team of 81 athletes, which comprises 23 women , will join the spectacular sporting event.So, fasten your seat belts to watch the biggest spectacle on the planet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15177246", "title": "Botswana hopes to replicate Coimbatore college's education model", "text": "COIMBATORE: The experiment of city based Rathinam Institute of Technology in accommodating an IT park with BPOs and KPOs within the campus to provide exposure to students would likely be replicated in Botswana, Africa.A delegation from the Education Ministry of Botswana visited the city campus on Thursday to probe the possibility of establishing a similar educational infrastructure in their country with IT companies inside the campus. Lucky T Moahi, a coordinator from the Ministry of Education and Skills Development of Botswana, told TOI after the visit that they were very keen in establishing a similar model of 'City of Knowledge' in their country where there are not many educational institutions. The delegation included 5 members who interacted with the management, faculty and students. The team was keen on discussing the idea of working, studying and living on the same campus. The country is facing a shortage of skilled technicians and engineers and the new experiment can fill that void, they said.Theophilus Mooko, the deputy permanent secretary of the ministry said that one of their aims was to turn the country into an education hub. We are interested in the project, but the sustainability about this must be looked into, he said.\"As a developing country India may be a place from where we can adapt,\" said a member. They are looking for interactions and tie-ups with several other institutions and organisations, he said.Madan A Senthil, the chairman of the group said that their concept was that students should finish their education and later start working on the same campus. They had presented their project in January 2011 as part of an industry interaction programme in their country. They showed interest in the subject and followed it up, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15190947", "title": "Shiv Sena supremo missing from election posters in Bhayander", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena (SS) may have decided to fight the Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) elections along with their alliance partner, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). But what has confused party workers is the absence of Sena supreme Bal Thackeray's name and photographs on election posters and banners put up in the region.The SS will contest 36 of the 95 seats in the MBMC elections to be held on August 12. The BJP will fight from 54 seats and its alliance partner, the Republican Party of India (Athawale) will contest five seats.Election posters and banners in Marathi, Gujarati, Hindi and English have been put up across the region. The posters have no mention of Bal Thackeray . Most of the posters carry the picture of Sena's executive president Uddhav Thackeray and Thane MLA Pratap Sarnaik.The posters scream about the Sena's victory in the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) and Thane Municipal Corporation (TMC) under the leadership of Uddhav. The posters say that if the Sena can conquer the BMC and TMC, why not the MBMC.While candidates have begun their campaigning for the election, party workers are questioning why the name and photograph of the senior Thackeray has been left out. The chances of Uddhav Thackeray attending an election rally in the region has already been ruled out due to his health, the disappearance of the Sena Supremo's name from the posters has further demoralised the party workers.The Sena supreme is undergoing treatment at the Lilavati Hospital in Mahim where doctors have said his health is improving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15179198", "title": "Monsoon gives Ludhiana viral fever", "text": "LUDHIANA: Monsoon has just set in and already hospitals across the city are witnessing an increasing number of viral fever cases. While these are not fatal, viral fevers surely impact productivity and warrant more attention.Dr Gautam Rai Aggarwal, senior consultant in internal medicine at SPS Apollo, said, \"After the rains, it gets very messy and unhygienic surroundings contribute to the spread of many diseases. Viral fever is the most common during monsoon and we get around 10 to 15 patients on a daily basis. During routine days, we get around one to two cases.\"Doctors said while minor illnesses were easy to control, medication and precaution should be sought early in order to prevent difficult situations from arising. He advised, \"I tell most of my patients to have fruits and juices to build immunity and maintain hygiene at home and work, use safe drinking water and avoid eating out. Moreover, the younger age group needs to take extra care as they tend to be less cautious.\"Dr Amit Berry, general physician at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), said, \"The virus gets the best environment to grow and attack in monsoon, which is why there is a spurt in cases. At present, on an average we get around five to six cases in a day, whereas during normal days the number is much less.\"Experts say when it rains continuously and heavily, the climate is clean and viral infections are few, but when rains are sporadic and sky is cloudy, viral infections are more. Dr Amit Modgil, general physician at Suman Hospital in Model Town, said, \"Viral infection affects people from almost all age groups. At our hospital, we see around eight to ten cases of viral fever daily. Normally, we get around one case a day.\"Dr Shaveta Kundra, assistant professor of Pediatrics at CMCH, said, \"Generally, it is tough to avoid viral fevers, but we advise parents to manage temperature at home, maintain hygiene, drink clean water, avoid junk food and take fresh food only, for keeping their children safe and healthy.\"Doctors say the most common symptoms of viral fever is low and high grade fever, body pains, throat inflammation, running nose, headache, nasal congestion, muscle and joint pains. Harpreet Singh, a young businessman of BRS Nagar who was at a city-based hospital complaining of fever, said, \"I feel it is that time of the year when we need to take precautions at a multiple level to avoid fevers. The other day, I had symptoms like coughing, soar throat, running nose and severe body ache. Doctor diagnosed viral fever and advised me to take complete rest along with medication.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15176483", "title": "Despite water crisis, citizens ignore rainwater harvesting", "text": "PUNE: Despite the water crisis in the city for the past few years, citizens have not taken initiative to harvest rainwater. Only 1,411 of over 7.2 lakh registered properties have opted for rainwater harvesting systems in the city.The Pune Municipal Corporation has made rooftop rainwater harvesting mandatory for all new buildings that have come up since 2007. The civic body gives 10 per cent concession to property holders who implement any two of the three techniques - solar heating, garbage segregation and vermicomposting, and rainwater harvesting. Five per cent concession would be given for implementing any one technique.While quite a few societies have availed the concession for solar heating and vermicomposting, instances of properties taking up rainwater harvesting has been dismal, according to a report tabled by the civic administration before the standing committee. As of June 30, 2012, only 367 properties have taken up rain water harvesting and 4,075 properties have opted for solar heating measures, while 10,429 properties have gone for vermicomposting. Only 20 properties have opted for solar and rainwater harvest system, while 1,024 properties have taken up vermicomposting and rainwater harvesting.The PMC is the first local urban body in the country to take up implementation of the eco-housing programme with under technical assistance from the United States Agency for International Development. However, there are not many takers for water management system in the city.PMC standing committee members have demanded that the PMC should grant 10 per cent property tax concession to properties which exclusively opt for rainwater harvesting system. However, the administration has stated in its report that hike in concession could be implemented only if the standing committee and the civic general body approved the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15171154", "title": "Narikkatteri blast case report to be delayed", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Filing of chargesheet in the blast case in which five IUML workers were killed at Narikkatteri near Nadapuram on February 26, 2011, will be delayed as the crime branch has to obtain prior sanction from the Central and state governments before proceeding with the case.According to the crime branch, the conspiracy behind the incident was hatched in the Gulf. As per the provisions of Section 188 of the CrPC, an offence committed abroad can be tried only after getting sanction from the Centre. Sanction from the state government is also necessary in this case as the crime branch has invoked Section 153 (A) of the IPC (for inciting communal sentiments).Five youths were killed and three injured when the powerful steel bombs went off in an uninhabited house at Narikkatteri. Police believe that the incident occurred when the youths were shifting the manufactured bombs to another place.As many as 25 steel bombs and material for making bombs were recovered from the site.The crime branch that probed the case has come to the conclusion that the bombs were made as part of a larger conspiracy to create communal clash in Nadapuram and nearby areas. The houses of a few Muslims came under attack a few days before the incident. A group of people living in the Gulf, whose houses were targeted, wanted to retaliate in a big way.The money for the operation was raised from the Gulf and a few persons had decided to come to Nadapuram to lead the operations. They returned to the Gulf when they heard the news about the explosion on their way to Nadapuram.There are 33 accused in the case including the five who died on the spot. Among these, 10 persons (including the dead, injured and the other two who were on the spot) have been directly implicated in the case. Others have been charged with criminal conspiracy. Three accused -- Kareem and Basheer of Kallachi and Muhamad Rafi of Narikkatteri -- are still absconding.The incident was a major campaign issue during the elections to the assembly in 2011. Thayyil Moidu, one among the accused, is the brother of IUML leader Soopy Narikkatteri, who was the UDF candidate from the Kuttiady constituency.Transfer of SP (crime branch) C M Pradeep Kumar, who was the supervising officer in the case, also had kicked up a row. It was alleged that the UDF government transferred him because he was instrumental in bringing to light the political and extremist angle in the case.Crime branch is waiting for the legal opinion to proceed with the case. After getting the legal opinion, the file will be sent to the state and central governments for obtaining sanction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15177452", "title": "Union minister unhappy with Andhra governor for not stopping bauxite mining on tribal land", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union minister Kishore Chandra Deo has criticized the Andhra Pradesh governor for inaction on his request to stop bauxite mining in Vishakhapatnam, saying that special powers of Raj Bhavans were a waste if not used to safeguard the interests of tribals.Deo had written to Andhra governor E S L Narasimhan in May that he invoke his special powers for Scheduled Areas to cancel the leases for bauxite mining which would destroy the livelihood and homes of the tribals.But the governor's reply - the issue has been sent to the state government for examination - seems to have riled Deo. \"The governor has special powers and he does not even need to refer it to the state,\" the tribal affairs minister told TOI.An exasperated Deo said governors could consult states to ascertain facts but it could not be left open-ended, without deadline.\"If governors have to talk to states or depend on them, then why should the Constitution have these special powers,\" he asked, adding that governors had to take up a proactive role to ensure welfare of tribals.Questioning the delay, Deo said the mining orders in question were not laws or Acts passed by the assembly but mere administrative orders which are easier to deal with.Under Schedule V, governors are empowered to veto the implementation of any law on the grounds of land alienation of tribals, regulation of land allotment and money-lending activities.In May, Deo told the Andhra governor that bauxite mining leases issued between 2005 and 2010 in Vishakhapatnam violated the regulation which bars the sale or lease of tribal land to non-tribals. These leases were given by state-owned AP Mining Development Corporation during the Y S Rajasekhara Reddy regime.The minister bolstered his case by arguing the said projects were undertaken without adequate rehabilitation of tribals and warned that it was leading to support for Naxal activities.The expanding Naxal footprint in tribal regions, with the narrative of their growing support rooted in exploitative laws and rampant land acquisition, moved the Centre to look for ways to address the unrest. It was felt that governors be asked to take their special powers seriously and insulate tribals from laws inimical to their interests.The attorney general bolstered the Centre's position, clarifying that governors were not bound by the advice of the government on their jurisdiction on tribal areas.Deo said he would follow the course of action adopted on Vishakhapatnam if there were other complaints over mining in tribal areas. \"Whether it is bauxite or iron ore or whatever, if we receive a complaint, we will refer to the same course of action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15190360", "title": "Political compulsions make SP govt install Mayawati's statue", "text": "LUCKNOW: A new statue of Mayawati replacing the one vandalized by miscreants was installed overnight at Ambedkar Park in the city.Significantly, when the Samajwadi Party (SP) was in opposition and campaigning for assembly elections earlier this year, it had announced that, if voted to power, its government will bulldoze all the statues of Mayawati installed by her during her five years rule in 14 Dalit memorials built in Lucknow and Noida. Now the SP is in power but political compulsions created a situation where its government was forced to install Mayawati's statue instead of bulldozing them.In fact, due to the fear of backlash from the Dalit community and deterioration in law and order escalating into a caste war, the entire exercise was carried out on war footing under the supervision of the district magistrate and other senior officers. Since repair of the broken one was not possible and carving of new marble statue would have taken at least two months, the officials went on an overdrive and found an exact replica of the damaged statue. The officials acted on the direction of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav who did not want to give any opportunity to the rival Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) to use the incident as a rallying point to launch a movement against the state government.\"As carving of a new statue would take time, we decided to find out an old one lying unused. There are several statues lying unused in godowns of state government construction agencies but we needed a statue of Mayawati with the purse, which has become a 'part of her personality'. Luckily, in the backyard of the Sangeet Natak Academy, we found an exact replica of the broken statue. The replica was part of the gallery of 12 statues of various Dalit icons carved for installation in an eco park named after BSP founder Kanshiram . However, they were not used because of a stay order of the Supreme Court issued on a petition. The replica gathering dust saved our lives,\" said a senior officer who supervised the task of replacing marble statue weighing around 500 kg.Heavy machines were pressed into service to carry the replica of the statue from the Academy to the Ambedkar Park. Dozens of 50 labourers were deployed at the site to dig out the pedestal and construct it afresh to install the new statue. Sculptor Shrawan Prajapati who carved the original statue was brought to the site to oversee that nothing goes wrong. It took all night to complete the task.The swift move of the state government forced BSP leader, who were holding demonstration in various parts of the state accusing the SP government of conspiring to damage Mayawati's statue, to withdraw agitation. The police also arrested three persons in connection with the case. However, the main accused Amit Jani is still absconding.On Thursday morning, six unidentified miscreants had beheaded the marble statute of Mayawati at Ambedkar park. A little known political outfit UP Navnirman Sena took the responsibility of the act. Sena leaders in a press conference claimed that their volunteers had wrecked the statue. They said that the destruction of the statue was \"their way to express anger against the scams which took place under the Mayawati regime.\" Later, the leaders went underground.While BSP leaders claimed that the pressure mounted by Mayawati supporters in all over the state forced government to take prompt action, the SP leaders said that chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had announced after winning elections that he will not indulge in `politics of vendetta' and had dropped the idea of bulldozing statues and changing the use of the Dalit memorials. They also said that Akhilesh Yadav's action shows that he has risen above party politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15173470", "title": "After truce with NCP, CM Prithviraj Chavan reaches out to dissidents", "text": "MUMBAI: After buying peace with NCP leaders for the time being, CM Prithviraj Chavan has now set his eyes on setting his own house in order. Having emerged unscathed from political gunfire by the NCP, Chavan has begun reaching out to dissidents within his party.Senior sources said Chavan agreed to one-to-one meetings with disgruntled legislators Sunil Kedar and Abdul Sattar on Thursday. Both the leaders, who are also close supporters of former chief minister Ashok Chavan, had publicly questioned the current CM's style of functioning at a Congress legislative party (CLP) meeting held on July 9. Their names also figured on the list of legislators whose letters complaining about pending developmental and political issues was used to project dissidence against Chavan. Sources said both legislators had sought appointments in a bid to extend an olive branch to Prithviraj Chavan.On Tuesday, Chavan also tried to win over disgruntled legislators with talk of cabinet berths. Referring to the letter from legislators, Chavan said it raised developmental issues and a demand for restructuring of the cabinet. Stating that he found nothing objectionable in these demands, Chavan suggested that even the cabinet berth demand raised in the letter could be considered.On development issues, Chavan said he has already started district-wise meetings with party legislators. Interestingly, Chavan claimed that state party president Manikrao Thakre gave him the letter, which is believed to be generated on July 18, on Wednesday.The statement is bound to show Thakre in poor light as the party leadership in Delhi was informed about the letter much before that day. After the emergence of the letter, there were many allegations that Thakre had inspired the anti-CM mood in the Congress camp. \"I am in constant touch with legislators,\" said Chavan, adding that alleged complaints against his style of functioning did not exist, or at least were not brought to his notice.Chavan also played down the rift with the NCP, saying that it was nothing but a \"media-made crisis\". Contesting claims made by the NCP camp that there was a lack of coordination between the parties, Chavan said, \"There is good coordination. We have only decided to formalize the arrangement. How could we contest (municipal) elections together if there was no coordination?\" Chavan said.Chavan also played down the party's rift with the NCP, saying that it was nothing but a \"media-made crisis\" and contested claims made by the NCP camp that there was a lack of coordination between the parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15179405", "title": "Probe against NY firm stayed", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka High Court on Thursday stayed investigation against the chairman, the global head and legal advisors of New York-based Msrs Bloomberg Finance L.P. in relation to a complaint related to hacking of two emails.Justice V Jagannathan passed the interim order staying investigation conducted by cyber crime police against Peter T Grauer ,chairman of Msrs Bloomberg Finance L.P., Ms Beth Mazzeo, global head of the company, ThomassF Secunda, Mathew Winkler, Ms Aimee Nassau Gardiner and William M Reid (both legal practitioners) pursuant to the order passed by the First Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate court on June 28 following a complaint by Bangalore-based Bloomberg Developers Pvt Ltd.\"The petitioners represent the company and not in charge of or responsible for the conduct of business of the company,\" K G Raghavan and S R Shivaprakash, counsels for petitioners, informed the court.Relief to hoteliersThe high court on Thursday stayed for three months the operation of regulations under the Food Safety and Standards Regulations 2011 relating to licensing and registration of food businesses, packaging and labelling and food products standards and food additives.\"It is virtually impossible for a small industry to spend Rs 1 crore and have its own testing labs and also appoint people to test the food items,\" the petitioners stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15174171", "title": "Maharashtra Sadan builder starts plush plan on government land", "text": "MUMBAI: A considerable distance separates Andheri's Link Road from Delhi's Luyten's zone. But for K S Chamankar, the contractor who built Maharashtra Sadan in Delhi, this route is paved in gold.TOI has learnt that Chamankar has tied up with construction giant L&T; and has started work on a luxury residential project on a slum plot in Andheri, belonging to the state. A portion of the land houses the regional transport office. Chamankar is expected to reap a bonanza of over Rs 1,000 crore by redeveloping this plot, which he received as an incentive for constructing Sadan and two buildings in Mumbai for Rs 100 crore for the government.Property market sources said the developer was likely to open bookings for flats soon and was expected to quote Rs 15,000 a sq ft. A leading industrialist is believed to have pumped in over Rs 200 crore in the project and investor Ganpat Seth as well as developers Sailesh and Nainesh Shah also reportedly have stakes in it. They did not respond to TOI's calls.Though Maharashtra Sadan, the state's new guesthouse in Delhi, is awaiting an inauguration owing to the controversy around it, Chamankar's heavy machines have started excavating the Andheri land. \"L&T; that was offered a substantial stake will be involved in the construction,\" said a source. The plot has a development potential of close to a million sq ft and is expected to fetch Chamankar and his partner over Rs 1,000 crore in profits, said the source. Maharashtra Sadan is mired in controversy following revelations that companies owned by PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal's family and associates were involved in the constructions. Last week, TOI reported that Chamankar sub-contracted the work to Origin Infrastructure. Two of its directors, Sanjay Joshi and Iram Tanvir Shaikh, are employees of MET run by Bhujbal's family. The minister denied the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15179149", "title": "HC bench acutely disturbed by conditions in govt schools", "text": "BANGALORE: A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Thursday observed that it is \"acutely disturbed\" by what they saw in photographs of government schools.\"The stand of the respondent is belied on perusal of photographs,\" the bench observed following the statement of the government that \"everything is taken care of\".City advocate AV Amarnathan, who filed a PIL, submitted an affidavit enclosing photographs showing the pathetic condition of toilets at 12 government schools in the city after visiting them along with advocates and local Block Education Officers (South 4th range and South 2{+n}{+d} range). In Government Tamil Higher Primary school , Anandapuram at Jeevavanbimanagar, though there were toilets with taps, there was no water connection. Also, drunkards reportedly came after school hours and indulged in illegal activities.As regards to Government Model Higher primary schools, Vimanapura, he said the conditions are similar to a stinking open drain. As regards the Government Lower primary school at Vibhutipura, the 1,000-litre Sintex tank was stolen twice. At the Hafizia Higher Elementary School, Shivajinagar, 101 students had to use a common toilet.Court commissioner appointedJustice Mohan Shantanaagoudar on Thursday appointed senior advocate Jayakumar Patil as court commissioner to oversee the opening of hundis of Prasanna Veeranjaneya Temple in Mahalakshmi Layout. The court commissioner has been asked to oversee the counting of offerings and safe transit of it to Karnataka Bank branch of Mahalakshmi Layout .This was done at the request of N Ravindranath Kamath, counsel for petitioner who wanted this arrangement.Filed by P Vasanth Kumar, / cleared by SITA/ es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15173915", "title": "Cops crack Ghatkopar murder case", "text": "MUMBAI: The police claimed to have cracked the case where a body of an unidentified woman was found in a drain at Narayan Nagar in Ghatkopar (W) on July 16.The victim, Jugara Sheratunisha, could not satisfy her in-laws' dowry demands and was allegedly killed by her husband, Mohamed Ismail Hadis (35), the police claim. After committing the crime Mohamed went to UP along with his three-year-old daughter. \"The matter came to light when the accused visited his in-laws' house in UP. Jugara's mother enquired about her, but Mohamed was unable to give a proper explanation,\" said inspector Rajkumar Kothmire.When the victim's brother visited Mohamed's brother's residence at Narayan Nagar, he learnt that the body of a woman was found in a drain recently. After he approached the police, investigators cracked the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15186411", "title": "Kareena is Salman\u2019s new item girl for Dabangg 2", "text": "It's official. Kareena Kapoor is Salman Khan's new 'it' girl in Dabangg 2. After Salman personally requested the actress to do the item number, she couldn't have refused.A source close to the film told TOI, \"How could she not? Both Lolo (Karisma Kapoor) and Bebo are very close to Salman. The sisters can never say no to him for anything.\"\"All the top girls barring Kareena have done item songs in recent films. Kareena's Chamak Challo  in RA.One was not an item song since she was the leading lady of the film. After Munni Badnaam in Dabangg, Salman wanted the item song in the sequel to be bigger, better and more exclusive,\" the source added.With Kareena having finally said yes after some months of dilly-dallying over dates, efforts are on to get the right song for her in the sequel to Dabangg . We hear the original plan of a Marathi lavni song has been dropped in favour of a North Indian folk and western dance fusion that has never been attempted before. We also hear Salman will be dancing far more vigorously with Bebo than he did with Malaika ' Munni' Arora in Dabangg.Farah Khan confirmed she will choreograph the item song in Dabangg 2 while music composers Sajid-Wajid let spill, \"All we can tell you is we're focusing on making it very different from everything that has come in the last two years after Munni Badnaam.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15175352", "title": "Trichy car rally to impart skills in disciplined driving", "text": "TRICHY: Aura, a Trichy-based women's forum is conducting a car rally on August 5, in an effort to impart disciplined driving and navigational skills to motorists. The uniqueness of this 75-km route rally is the participants would to have drive through muddy roads, navigate dirty sectors and steer clear of a road full of animals.The rally will have the usual TSD (time, distance and speed) model and each car will have a driver, a navigator and a passenger. Interestingly, the participants get penalty points for either being early or being late to a particular time control point and the penalty is more for being early than being late.There will be two categories: an all-women \"Eve on Wheels,\" and the \"Fun Wagon\" that will have at least one woman as a driver or the navigator. Styled as Fastrak'12, the rally will have three groups: expert, regular and novice. A participant, who might have been part of a winning team (trophy winner) in any previous rally, will be graded as an expert. A mere participation in any car rally before would qualify a participant to be a regular and a participant who had not taken part in any rally will be considered a novice.The organisers will give participants a speed chart indicating the average speed at which participants should travel and the speed limit would vary from distance to distance.All participants would be given a tulip chart giving the distance and direction and one has to meticulously follow that. Meanwhile, integrating time, speed, and distance, one has to achieve his goal. Rajeshwari Ramakrishnan, one of the organisers of Aura, said the rally, now in its third year, expected a participation of about 75 cars. An entry fee of Rs 500 in addition to fulfilling other norms will be collected. All the participants along with their cars and required documents should be present at the National College, Cantonment, Trichy by 2pm on August 4 and the car joining the rally should have at least two seat belts and essentially an odometer in working condition that could be zeroed.Rajeshwari said attractive prizes would be given in both categories and each category would entail three prizes each. \"A total of Rs one lakh is reserved for prize amount, but what is more important is the fun of participation,\" she added. The rally will be conducted by the Madras Motor Sports Club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15174390", "title": "Price of a newborn\u2019s life: Rs 200", "text": "JALANDHAR: A newborn girl died at a Jalandhar government hospital after she was allegedly taken off life-support as her parents could not pay Rs 200 for it on Wednesday night.The girl needed life-support as she was born prematurely on July 20 and had jaundice.Her father, Sanjiv Kumar, alleged that she was taken off life support as he could not arrange the money for keeping the baby in phototherapy unit.But hospital authorities insisted that the newborn died of asphyxia while the Punjab government ordered an inquiry into her death.The newborn's mother, Anita, 30, alleged that her child was not even given proper treatment despite her pleas.Anita alleged that the hospital staff literally threw her out. \"I walked for around five kms from the hospital to reach my mother's residence past midnight as the staff insisted that we leave the hospital immediately,\" said Anita.Jalandhar ADC Parneet Bharadwaj and IAS officer Dr Sumit, who started their inquiry into the death, said that initial probe has revealed callousness on the part of the hospital staff.\"...the hospital staff called the security guards and police to push the family out when they tried to raise the issue of negligence on Wednesday night,\" said Bharadwaj.He said there appeared to be some tempering with hospital record on the cause of death.The hospital staff admitted that they had asked the parents to deposit Rs 200 as the daily fee for phototherapy unit was Rs 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15170780", "title": "Krishna water sought for areas hit by fluorosis", "text": "HYDERABAD: A House committee headed by Speaker Nadendla Manohar has proposed a multi-pronged strategy at a cost of Rs 200 crore to mitigate the fluorosis problem in Nalgonda district. Measures include extending Krishna water to the affected areas, with the government departments concerned working on a comprehensive plan to alleviate the crisis.Following a recent visit to the worst-affected areas of the district, the House committee on wildlife and environment protection met on Thursday to deliberate on short and long-term measures to combat the menace.Seventeen mandals have been classified as severely hit and 31 as moderately hit and the committee stressed on the need for dedicated supply of Krishna water to these areas. There was also a proposal for construction of overhead reservoirs (ORS) at the cost of Rs 45 crore with the department of rural water supply (RWS) agreeing to take up the work.\"It was a productive meeting where all possible measures to mitigate the fluorosis problem were discussed. The response by the government departments was very positive,\" TRS legislator from Sircilla, K Taraka Rama Rao, said after the meeting.Providing safe drinking water to all the schools in the district under the Rajiv Vidya Mission along with a glass of milk and an egg a day for each student, replacing aluminum utensils at these schools with stainless steel ones, providing special pension of Rs 500 each to victim, setting up of a National Fluorosis Research Centre at Nalgonda and appointment of a nodal officer in each of the 519 affected villages were among the relief measures proposed by the panel.While the measures discussed involve 14 government departments, principal secretaries of the departments of health, RWS, and education participated in the meeting. N Mukteswara Rao, the Nalgonda district collector, gave an overview of the issue in a powerpoint presentation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15176594", "title": "HC notice to government on Laadli Laxmi scheme", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Thursday issued a notice to the state government on the petition challenging the requirement of signing the Laadli Laxmi scheme application forms only before an MLA or MP.A division bench comprising Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre heard the petition filed by Steffi Fernandes. The petitioner's advocate, Aires Rodrigues, argued that the requirement was entirely arbitrary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15181127", "title": "Corporation mulls project to tag pet dogs", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Pet dogs in the city are soon likely to sport an extra fitting in addition to their neck collars. The corporation has finalized a proposal to distinguish every pet dog being owned by city residents with a tag. The project will be implemented as part of the corporation's efforts to make licences mandatory for owning and rearing pet dogs in the city.The decision was taken on Monday after the legislative assembly discussed the stray dog menace in the city. \"We have found that many owners abandon their dogs on the streets once they become old, injured or ill. Earlier, the corporation used to issue small brass plates which would be hung around the neck of the pet dogs as part of the licencing system. While abandoning the pets, people throw away the brass plates which make it difficult for the corporation to identify the owner. That is why we are planning to introduce a permanent tagging system for each dog,\" said health standing committee chairperson S Pushpalatha.An official of the corporation health wing said that the project will be implemented only after ensuring the co-operation of all pet owners. \"We are looking at a small tag with the emblem of the corporation that will most likely be attached to the ear of the dog. The idea is to individualize the dogs,\" said the official.The corporation has also decided to revamp the licencing system for owning pet dogs. All dog owners will be required to get their pets immunized and obtain an immunization certificate from veterinary hospitals. The licence will be issued only after the certificate is produced.A nominal fee will also be charged for issuing the licence. The corporation will also distribute newly formulated health cards in veterinary hospitals which will be given to the pet owners at the time of issuance of licence. The health card will carry details regarding the diet, immunization and vaccination of dogs.\"This is just one of the steps involved in curbing the number of stray dogs on the streets. The health cards will also help in the speedy treatment of the dogs once they get afflicted with any disease,\" said Pushpalatha.In a bid to tackle the stray dog menace, the corporation will also appoint more doctors in its veterinary hospitals for conducting sterilization of stray dogs in an effective manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15176924", "title": "BJP announces stir to highlight drought-stricken farmers\u2019 plight", "text": "NEW DELHI: Accusing the Centre of being \"insensitive\" to the plight of farmers suffering due to drought-like conditions across the country, Opposition BJP on Thursday announced a nationwide stir from August 3 to 8, just before Parliament opens for the monsoon session. The main Opposition blamed the infighting in the ruling UPA for no steps being taken to protect farmers and crops, even while drought-like conditions were predicted by weathermen.\"BJP will launch a nationwide agitation by staging demonstrations and dharnas between August 3 and 8 at all district headquarters against the insensitive and complacent attitude of the UPA government towards drought relief and the continuation of an anti-farmer fertilizer policy,\" senior BJP leader Rajnath Singh said. He said that there was not a single policy decision in this government that was not caught in infighting among the alliance partners, resulting in \"policy paralysis\".The demonstrations will be followed by a protest by farmers from across the country at Jantar Mantar here on August 20. Singh said the decision to stage such demonstrations was taken at the party's core committee meeting held on Wednesday that was attended by BJP chief Nitin Gadkari and other senior leaders.He alleged that the country was facing acute drought-like conditions with overall monsoon deficiency of 23%, yet the Centre had not put in place any action plan to tackle the situation. Sowing of food grains had reduced due to poor monsoon, leading to further spiraling in prices, he said.Charging the Centre for ignoring the meteorological department's warning on drought, Singh said, \"the Congress-led UPA is busy resolving its internal feuds and is not bothered about the solving the problems of farmers.\"BJP demanded that the Centre take steps to provide subsidized seeds and free power to farmers for a year, restructure their farm loans and waive off interest on them, besides roll-back of hike in fertilizer prices and compensate financial losses of states due to drought.Singh demanded re-introduction of Farm Income Insurance Guarantee scheme which was launched by the NDA government but later withdrawn by UPA, and demanded a rethink on the nutrient-based-subsidy (NBS) regime that has seen rise in fertilizer prices.BJP also demanded interest waiver payable on farm loans for this year and rescheduling of loans, besides demanding grant of farm loans at 0% for farmers. The Opposition's party's demand included land revenue and 'takavi' be waived for the season, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15175034", "title": "Power Corporation Limited to prepare database of rural power consumers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP Power Corporation Limited has decided to get a database of rural consumers prepared in a bid to provide better power supply to the people. In the first phase, district Barabanki has been taken up on a pilot project basis. UPPCL chairman, Avanish Awasthi, on Thursday, said that the corporation has roped in two private agencies for the job.Awasthi said that the companies will be collecting data within 10 days and upload it on the internet.He said that providing better power supply to the rural masses is the priority of the state government. This, will allow the corporation to provide bills to rural consumers on a timely basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15175551", "title": "Right to play: Kids draft memo", "text": "NEW DELHI: With play spaces shrinking in colonies and parks, children are drafting a memorandum on their 'right to play', with help from schools and NGOs. On Wednesday, more than 60 students from different schools came together to discuss the issues which should be placed before the government in this regard.\"This policy is being framed for them (children). So children should have a right to participate in this discussion. We should know their views on the issue. They have given several valuable suggestions,'' said Rita Panicker, director of the NGO Butterflies.The consultation was organized by Delhi Child Rights Club and attended by students from St Columba's School, Delhi Public School and Presentation Convent. \"We discussed various problems faced by children in their colonies. Often, elders don't allow us to play in the park. There is a need for dialogue between RWA members and children,'' said Vaishnavi Sharma, a student of Presentation Convent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "15192700", "title": "BJP leaders launch damage control exercise in Surat", "text": "SURAT : In a desperate damage control exercise after the grand success of former chief minister Keshubhai Patel's public meeting on the occasion of his 84 th birthday in the diamond hub of Puna, the ruling BJP in the Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) have decided to invite chief minister Narendra Modi for laying the foundation stones of the series of prestigious projects worth Rs 700 crore on August 11.Sources said the ruling BJP leaders have asked the urban planners to prepare for laying foundation stones for some of the prestigious projects such as the tertiary treatment plant worth Rs 160 crore at Bamroli, the Rs 200 crore worth of Amusement park project at Magob and other important projects totaling Rs 700 crore.The Mayor and Standing committee chairman have written a letter to the chief minister office (CMO) for inviting Narendra Modi to attend the series of foundation stone laying ceremonies in the city on August 11.Sources said the state BJP leadership is shocked following the grand success of Keshubhai Patel's public meeting in the city on Tuesday. However, the city BJP leaders have planned the foundation stone laying ceremonies in the city to connect Narendra Modi with the people of the diamond city.Meanwhile, senior BJP leader and minister of state for revenue Anandiben Patel has arrived in the diamond city on Friday to organise a series of meetings with the leaders of the Saurashtrian Patel community, leaders from the North and Central Government and the social organizations from different districts of Kutch in the city.It is learnt that Anandiben Patel has been deputed by the State leadership for the damage control exercise following the success of the public meeting of Keshubhai Patel in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15177710", "title": "Kids roll their R\u2019s in French and Swedish", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A group of underprivileged kids, who never stepped into a classroom, is these days learning diverse languages from across the world. In a special class being run by a bunch of young foreign students, they are picking up Chinese, French, Swedish and Portuguese words and getting acquainted with the cultures and lifestyles of these countries.Aged between 20 and 23 years, seven foreign students are here to make a difference and take back unforgettable and sweet memories. They are in the city for a project -- 'Footprints' -- of Association Internationale des Etudiants en Sciences Economiques et Commerciales (AIESEC).\"It is a new and an interesting experience. I had never thought that one day I will teach kids in India. I am thoroughly enjoying here... these kids are magical and good learners,\" smiled Claudio Buarque, 21, who hails from Brazil and is pursuing civil engineering and bachelors in business studies.On Thursday, they gave these children a peek into their countries. \"We gave presentations on our countries, languages, cultures and festivals, among others,\" said Penny Peng, 22, from China.Besides teaching, these youngsters, who are here for three to four weeks, are also learning Hindi and Indian culture. \"It's a pleasure to work with these children... they are also teaching us about their country,\" said Chantale Bielak, 23, a Canada resident.On how do they spend their free time, Abraham Salem, 20, a resident of Egypt, said, \"We travel on weekends. We have explored some places like Manali, Delhi, Dharamshala and Shimla.\"\"And this weekend, we will go to Jaipur,\" said Martin Waliam, 21, a Swedish.They are completely enjoying their stay here. Dora Chen, 21, a Chinese, said, \"We even gate crashed into a wedding at Zirakpur. A colourful celebration, it helped us learn much about the Indian culture.\" \"Apart from learning and teaching, the project has also given us a chance to make new friends... and we have made many. Earlier, we did not know each other, but today, we are buddies. Here, too, we have made great friends,\" said 20-year-old Jennifer Tchang, who has come from England.So what is it that has won their hearts here? \"Punjabi food, songs and the weather,' they said in a chorus.The under-privileged children they are teaching belong to a local NGO, Vatsal Chaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15171778", "title": "Arunachal Pradesh media houses to get CCTVs", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Arunachal Pradesh government has decided to install CCTV cameras in all media establishments of the state to instill confidence in the working journalists. Political secretary to CM Bamang Tago on Thursday visited all mediahouses in the capital complex with experts and technicians to survey and finalize installation of CCTV cameras, sources said.The media fraternity, represented by the Arunachal Pradesh Union of Working Journalists (APUWJ) and Arunachal Press Club (APC), met chief minister Nabam Tuki on July 20 and expressed concern on the safety and security of working journalists. They also sought fast-tracking of all pending cases related to assault, manhandling and threats to mediapersons and media houses in the past.Assuring cooperation and immediate steps, Tuki had issued specific directions to concerned authorities to fulfill the demands placed by APUWJ and APC in order to instill confidence amongst the working journalists as they were shaken after the attack on Tongam Rina, associate editor of Arunachal Times on July 15.The chief minister had emphasized on installation of high resolution CCTVs in all mediahouses as it is a necessity for investigation and identification of criminals. He had also mooted the idea of CCTV installation in all important public places and market complexes.\"Some media houses have already installed CCTVs, which are, however, of poor resolution. We will replace these with high resolution CCTVs and install CCTVs in all media houses, which do not have one. Poor resolution hampers speedy investigation. The installation process will be completed within a few days,\" said Tago.Meanwhile, Tago appealed to the media fraternity to cooperate with the government and police to maintain law and order as they are the fourth pillar of democracy and \"eyes and ears\" of the government.\"The government is committed to ensure safety and security to all citizens, including mediapersons. It is also committed to deliver justice and punish law-breakers at all costs without considering the background or status of the person concerned,\" Tago asserted.He further informed that the government employee, who had assaulted two lady journalists last year in between Naharlagun and Itanagar , has been terminated from service.Meanwhile, AAPSU, while expressing its solidarity with the Arunachal Press Club (APC) and Arunachal Pradesh Union of Working Journalist (APUWJ), urged the state government to immediately arrest the perpetrators of attack on Tongam Rina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15174184", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation scales down rent for protest site", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has scaled down the exorbitant rent that it had charged India Against Corruption (IAC) for the venue where they are holding indefinite hunger strike. This action comes after TOI reported that NMC was charging IAC Rs5,000 per day for the venue.NMC sources said that there was some 'misunderstanding' regarding the venue area and this resulted in wrong rent being charged.\"There was some confusion about the area rented at RBI square but now everything is sorted. We are now charging the previous amount of Rs500 per day,\" informed NMC's assistant commissioner Mahesh Dhamecha.Previously, NMC had demanded Rs5 per square feet for one day as a result of which IAC was asked to pay Rs5,000 per day. The IAC coordinators breathed a sigh of relief on Thursday afternoon when they heard the news. \"We are glad that our problem was raised by TOI and it had a positive impact. It was very considerate of NMC to solve the matter immediately,\" said IAC coordinator Ajay Sanghi.Day 2 of protest by IACOut of the 10 agitators on indefinite hunger strike, 53-year-old Ghanshyam Purohit broke his fast due to health issues. A debate was organized on the second day where participants expressed their views on choosing a prefect leader, in which 50 citizens took part. \"Changing the system and bringing an administrative reform lies in the hands of the citizens as it is their responsibility to choose an efficient leader,\" said one of the participants.A team of doctors from Government Medical College (GMC) also visited the protest site to examine the health of the protesters. Some students of Vasantrao Naik Arts College also joined the protest and sang patriotic songs. \"It was a delightful sight to watch them dance and raise slogans for us. We wish that more and more people would join us. Seeing everyone stand united for a cause is a source of great motivation,\" said the protesters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15177188", "title": "Juvenile offender gets chance to reform, begins new life", "text": "NASHIK: Two years ago, Ajinkya Chavan, who was then 17, fell in bad company and was arrested for chain snatching and sent to a remand home as he was below 18 years of age.However, when his criminal record came in the way of his sister's marriage and his parents stopped visiting him, he decided to reform himself. Two years later, he is now driving an autorickshaw.The Panchvati police, which has started the Gunhegar Dattak Yojana to reform criminals, showcased him at their meeting on Wednesday and asked him to narrate his experiences. Moreover, he also got a few minutes on-air in a programme organized by Radio Mirchi, where he spoke about the attraction of quick money.As a reformed citizen, Ajinkya is experiencing a new lease of life. He cursed himself for being the reason behind the agony his family has faced. \"The company of criminal minded youngsters drew me into snatching chains. While in the first instance, my father managed to get bail me out, the next time I was arrested and sent to the correction home for juveniles, no one from my family turned up to meet me.\"Later I learnt that it was because of me that my sister's marriage was broken-off after her prospective in-laws backed out after they learned about my deeds,\" said Ajinkya.Meanwhile, his father, Sanjay Chavan who works in a construction company says that he used to go and sit among the 'hooligans' in the Uttam Nagar area. Being in their company which started by running errands for them, he later learned to ride motorbikes. Once the gang was convinced that Ajinkya had a good command on riding, they roped him into chain snatching.\"During the first incident, when his name cropped up, Ajinkya's mother was admitted in a hospital. Leaving her, I rushed home to my son. Being a father, it was my responsibility to get him bail. However, a few months later, he committed the same crime and this time, I had no desire to meet him,\" says Sanjay Chavan. Subsequently, at the hearing in the correction home, Ajinkya requested the magistrate for a last chance to improve. Ajinkya's father informed that earlier his son asked for an auto rickshaw.The court has withdrawn the cases against Ajinkya. It is seven months since he is driving the auto and paying the instalment for the same. He says magistrate Amit Kharkar and Machhindra Pagare have given him a chance and he would ensure that he meets expectations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "15176015", "title": "Cops to probe Bicholim Mahiti Ghar scam, 1 held", "text": "BICHOLIM: Bicholim police have taken into custody a woman staffer from Mahiti Ghar, Bicholim, on suspicion of unauthorized acceptance of mutation, conversion and partition files by fixing a particular amount.The action was initiated following the complaint lodged by Bicholim mamlatdar Chandrakant Shetkar about this matter.According to Bicholim PI Ninad Deulkar and DySP Gajanan Prabhudesai, the staffer was suspected to be accepting files of mutation, conversion and partition although no office other than the mamlatdar has the authority to handle such kind of files even as the said office is authorized only to issue Form 1 and 14 and a required plan.The woman used to demand a particular amount of money for respective files against fake receipts with the name 'www.servicegoa.com. Fast, Friendly, Easy'. Moreover, people used to accept the same thinking that this must be an office related to the Bicholim mamlatdar's office.It came to light when some people informed Bicholim mamlatdar Shetkar who subsequently lodged a police complaint. Following the complaint, the police booked an offense the next day and began with an inquiry.As Mahiti Ghar relates to administrative office level, an official search warrant from JMFC, Bicholim, was also obtained and a raid was conducted in which a cash memo receipt book, two notebooks, and different files were taken into custody. Prabhudesai said police suspect that the staffer was working under the guidance of another person involved due to which the investigation will be very thorough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15173315", "title": "Hoarders sniff windfall from drought threat", "text": "JAIPUR: A drought-like situation is creating the perfect platform for speculation in the agri-commodity markets and the rise in foodgrain prices by almost 25% during the last month alone seems to be the early signs of what could become a nightmare for the common man, Manas Gupta who spends much of his income on food items.While traders in the national commodity exchanges have started taking bets on an impending drought by jacking up the prices of sugar, dal, wheat, chana, mustard seed and soya oil, sources say local traders in state are now more certain of a windfall gain, which may prompt them to resort to hoarding activities. Some retailers with access to wholesalers' inside talk said that hoarding strategies are very much on the table, and in some cases they have slowly started with small quantities.\"Monsoon has been deficient by 22% so far and local wholesalers are sniffing an opportunity to make a killing out of a possible drought by hoarding food grains,\" said a food and civil supplies official, preferring anonymity. Speaking to TOI, food and civil supplies minister Parsadi Lal Meena said that speculation takes place when there is a shortage of foodgrains and we won't allow that situation to emerge as we have already taken measures.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot is writing to the Central government to provide the state more foodgrains whenever the requirement arises, added Meena.While the food grain prices have surged between 10% and 25% in the last month on national commodity exchanges, the increase has been substantially high in the local markets. But the chairman of Rajasthan Khadya Padarth Vyapar Sangh Babulal Gupta said that there are no instances of hoarding at this point of time. He said that the prices have gone up because of the futures markets and it doesn't make sense for hoarders to buy at the current high levels and expect a good return.He also said that in such situations the government has been very vigilant and nobody would like to risk their business. The state government is yet to announce steps and instructions before it gets out of hand. TOI made efforts to understand how the state is preparing itself to address the emerging situation but the top officials in the food and civil supplies department remained out of reach.Forward Markets Commission, regulator for commodity trading, said on Thursday that it would not allow traders to manipulate futures price of agriculture items and could ban its trading if required in the backdrop of poor monsoon rains affecting kharif crops.\"We are going to be very alert and not allow traders to manipulate prices. We will ban if need be. We are aware of deficient monsoon rains impacting crops,\" said Ramesh Abhishek, chairman, FMC.Price spike in one month.A drought-like situation is creating the perfect platform for speculation in the agri-commodity markets and the rise in food grain prices by almost 25% during the last month alone seems to be the early signs of what could become a nightmare for the common man who spends most of his income on food. Speaking to TOI, food and civil supplies minister Parsadi Lal Meena said speculation takes place when there is a shortage of food grains and we won't allow that situation to emerge as we have already taken measures.CM Ashok Gehlot is writing to the Centre to provide the state more food grains whenever the requirement arises, added Meena. While the food grain prices have surged between 10% and 25% in the last month on national commodity exchanges, the increase has been substantially high in the local markets. But the chairman of Rajasthan Khadya Padarth Vyapar Sangh Babulal Gupta said that there are no instances of hoarding at this point of time.He said that the prices have gone up because of the futures markets and it doesn't make sense for hoarders to buy at the current high levels and expect a good return.He also said that in such situations the government has been very vigilant and nobody would like to risk their business. The state government is yet to announce steps and instructions before it gets out of hand. TOI made efforts to understand how the state is preparing itself to address the emerging situation but the top officials in the food and civil supplies department remained out of reach.Forward Markets Commission, regulator for commodity trading, said on Thursday that it would not allow traders to manipulate futures price of agriculture items and could ban its trading if required in the backdrop of poor monsoon rains affecting kharif crops. \"We are going to be very alert and not allow traders to manipulate prices. We will ban if need be. We are aware of deficient monsoon rains impacting crops,\" said Ramesh Abhishek, chairman, FMC.Price spike in one month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15181050", "title": "Construction at Buddha Theme Park, Lotus Park at snail\u2019s pace", "text": "VARANASI: The construction work at Buddha Theme Park and Lotus Park at Sarnath and renovation of roads leading to Sarnath are crawling. The work at the two projects of tourism department had not progressed since the last seven months. In the next two months, scores of Buddhist scholars, devotees, tourists and other delegates would arrive in the city to attend international Buddhist conclave at Sarnath on September 29 and 30. It is expected to bring with it immense opportunities to popularise Buddhist tourism.A visit at the construction sites on Thursday revealed shocking facts. The park was supposed to have a multi-purpose hall, boundary walls on all three sides, a library, a cafeteria, an auditorium, a pond, idols of Lord Buddha, small huts and paintings on the boundary walls, attractive landscaping and designing to create a peaceful atmosphere for meditation.The only construction visible at the site was a half-done auditorium. Its walls were found moss-streaked. The water-logged roof and incomplete upper columns had turned into breeding ground for mosquitoes. The iron rods and pillars were rusting in the rain.A labourer said that around 25 people are engaged in the construction work. No incharge and engineer were present at the site. The project started on 3.90 acres of land in Buddha Circuit, Sarnath in September 2009 with a budget of Rs 686.29 lakh. The deadline for the completion of project was December 2010.Blaming the late release of funds in December 2011, the tourism department now claims that the slow of work is due to unavailability of concrete and stones.\"The government has banned the concrete mining at Sonbhadra region. It would be costly if it is purchased from other areas. It is expected the issue will get solved soon and work will start from next month. Even if the work starts, the park will not be ready before international Buddhist conclave,\" deputy director, UP tourism, Varanasi, Avinash Mishra said. Apart from that, a light and sound show programme at Buddha Theme Park was also proposed with a budget of Rs 352 lakh. India Tourism Development Corporation (ITDC), New Delhi was made the working agency for the project in 2003-2004. It could not be started and ITDC later showed disinterest in the project in April this year. So far no new working agency has been decided for its completion.The status of the Lotus Park, which is being constructed at an old lake near Sarnath railway station is poor. A local tea vendor said that the construction has been stopped for the last one year. The poor condition of lake with garbage and vegetation all over and no signs of contruction activities were visible. In order to save and preserve the lake from encroachment and silting, the project of Lotus Park was initiated in February 2010 with a budget of Rs 171.38 lakh. The 35 acres area of lake was to be developed for site-seeing, boating and picnic spot to promote domestic and international tourism.The condition of roads connecting Sarnath with other parts of the city is still a cause of concern. Maha Bodhi Society of India joint secretary Bhante Seewalee pointed out that meetings are being held to discuss arrangements for the conclave.The condition of roads leading to Sarnath should be a priority so that delegates take a good impression of the city with them. The roads of Pandeypur, Pahadia, Khajuri and Orderly Bazaar are in pathetic condition with potholes due to rain.Mishra said that around 300 delegates, including scholars, travel troops, Buddhist societies and devotees are expected to attend the conclave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15176685", "title": "Mamata Banerjee slams 'deplorable' violence in Assam", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Thursday termed the ethnic violence in Assam as 'deplorable' and said the state would provide shelter to refugees fleeing the trouble-torn districts.\"The situation in Kokrajhar and other districts in Assam where the conflict is on is deplorable ... Bengal will give shelter to the people coming from Assam in the wake of the conflict,\" she said on the sidelines of a function to launch an employment bank and social security card at the Netaji Indoor Stadium. \"The administration in the bordering districts have given shelter to those leaving Kokrajhar. It is our social responsibility to provide them shelter and food even if we are half-fed,\" Mamata said.The chief minister also appealed to political parties to behave in a restrained manner and not to incite any violence in the present volatile condition in Kokrajhar. In an apparent snub to CPM, which has urged the assembly speaker Biman Banerjee to send an all-party delegation to north Bengal areas bordering Assam, she said no attempt should be made to incite communal passion over the issue. \"Do not play this nasty politics\", she said.Opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra had met the speaker on Wednesday and urged him to send an all-party delegation. He said: \"If the chief minister feels that the all-party delegation is being sent to incite violence then it is unfortunate.\"He also added: \"I believe the Centre, too, has sent a similar delegation to Assam, are they also inciting violence? A Left Front delegation will leave on Friday for Jalpaiguri and Alipurduar where the influx is more.\" CPM leader Anisur Rehman, who will lead the team, said they would leave today and visit Kumargram, Salmoni and Barovisha. \"Our mission is to call for maintaining peace and harmony,\" he said.Mamata added, \"There is a crisis-like situation in Kokrajhar. People from the neighbouring state (Assam) are coming to our state. I have not said a single word about this. Rather the police and the administration are accepting those who are coming here with love and giving shelter to them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15174902", "title": "Officials able to locate Maya statue\u2019s replica", "text": "LUCKNOW: Providence smiled over the government officials, as they got to know about a replica of former chief minister Mayawati's statue gathering dust at the Sangeet Natak Akademi. Without wasting time, they ordered for its immediate installation.Soon, sculptor Sharavan Prajapati and his team of 40 workers got down to separate the idol with the pedestal so that the new idol could be installed. The replacement work began at around 9.30 pm and is expected to continue till Friday morning. \"We were able to get a replica of the damaged idol,\" said district magistrate Anurag Yadav.Cranes were used to transport the idol weighing about 750 kg from Sangeet Natak Akademi, where it was lying with the entire set of idols of dalit icons installed opposite to the passage adjacent to the Ambedkar Smarak. Sources said that the Mayawati government got the set made for installation at the Manyavar Kanshiram Eco Garden on Jail road. However, this could not happen, as all the work at the garden was stopped after the Supreme Court's order.Prajapati has been making master moulds of Mayawati idols since 1997. He was called by the district administration to examine the possibilities of repair. Talking to TOI he said, \"This one cannot be repaired. It will have to be made all over again.\" On what made him believe that the damage to the statue was irreparable, he said, \"The kind of marble used for the purpose is of extremely good quality and not readily available. It is not like a piece of ceramic decorative that can stick with super glue.\" He also claimed that getting a new statue made would have taken at least two months. \"The biggest challenge is to get the right kind of marble for it,\" he said.Officials revealed that getting the new idol made meant an expenditure of about Rs 12 lakh. However, the government was not ready to give their opponents a chance to corner them on the law and order front. Sources said some senior officials got in touch with some idol makers in Rajasthan as well. While the search was on, district administration officials kept their fingers crossed. \"We hoped that the replacements were not damaged and were with the purse just like the one installed at the incident spot,\" said a junior officer.\"We hope to complete the work in 8-10 hours. It will take time because the joint between the two is extremely strong,\" he said. Earlier during the day, the sculptor thanked god for 'saving' the idols of Kanshi Ram and Babasahab Bhimrao Ambedkar from the miscreants. \"The impact of the act is being felt in the state as of now. But, if they (miscreants) had done something with Babasaheb's statue, the repercussions would have felt across the length and breadth of India,\" he had stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "koraput/bhubaneshwar", "code": "15178683", "title": "Minor resists marriage, gets father arrested", "text": "KORAPUT/BHUBANESHWAR: A minor girl got her father arrested for trying to marry her off in Nabarangpur district. He is Phagunu Panaka of Kohorakat, a village 70 km from Nabarangpur. The groom's father, Khagapati Das and two others, Kamdev Panka and Baidyanath Panaka, were also nabbed on Wednesday.The 16-year old girl had lodged a complaint against her parents and few members of her community at the Jharigoan police station on Monday alleging that she is being pressurized to marry. \"I want to continue my studies. Though I am a minor, my father and few other community members are pressurizing me to get married. They have fixed my marriage with one of our relatives from Umerkote I don't want to get married now,\" read the police complaint lodged by the girl.Jharigaon police said the girl had unsuccessfully appeared this year's HSC examination and lost her mother recently. \"We verified the school certificate and found that the girl a little over 16 years old. We stopped the marriage preparations and took custody of the girl's father and three of their community members,\" said SDPO (Umerkote) Ashok Kumar Sahu.\"We also arrested the groom's father from Umerkote. We are searching for five others whose name figure in the FIR. The arrested persons were produced in court and has been sent to jail,\" he added.The girl has been lodged at Belgam sevashram as she wished to continue her studies. Officials said stringent action will be taken against persons involved in the child marriage in the district under Juvenile Justice Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15179043", "title": "Assam special train to start on July 27", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to clear the extra rush of passengers, the Railways has decided to run one trip of special train number 02502 New Delhi-Guwahati special. Due to law and problem in Assam , several trains originating/terminating there are affected. Several passengers have been affected due to indefinite running and cancellation of trains.The special train between New Delhi and Guwahati will also pass through Uttar Pradesh. The train number 02502 New Delhi-Guwahati special train will depart from New Delhi at 11.45 pm on July 27 to reach Guwahati at 08.30 am on July 29, the third day.The train will consist of one first AC-cum-AC 2 tier, one AC 2 tier, two AC 3 tier, eight sleeper coaches, five general and two second class cum luggage van coaches. The train will stop at Kanpur, Allahabad, Patna, Katihar, New Jalpaiguri, Alipur Dwar and New Bongaigaon stations during its journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15179307", "title": "More CCTV cams being installed across state", "text": "BANGALORE: In a bid to rein in chain-snatchers, the government has issued directions to police commisionerates and district police to install CCTV cameras at strategic locations in all major cities of Karnataka.\"We're installing CCTV cameras at various intersections of Bangalore, Mysore and Bellary. We'll extend this to different places especially areas where chain-snatching is rampant\", said home minister R Ashoka in the legislative assembly during question hour on Thursday.Replying to a question raised by R Roshan Baig (Congress) on increasing chain-snatching, Ashoka said the government has also asked commissionerates to form special squads to detect these cases.Acknowledging the suggestions of opposition members, Ashoka said the police force will be modernised, and latest technology inducted. \"Earlier, only graduates used to join the police department but now post-graduates, doctors and engineers are opting to join the force in large numbers. This is a blessing in disguise for the force in terms of human resources,\" the minister said.Seven prisons over-crowdedBangalore Central Prison aka Parapanna Agrahara has 3,972 prisoners against its capacity of 2,100.Replying to Dinesh Gundu Rao (Congress) in the legislative assembly on Thursday, prisons minister A Narayanaswamy said all seven prisons in the state are over-crowded and the government is considering setting up new prisons. He cited the example of Mysore central prison which has 999 prisoners as against its capacity of 506. \"We'll initiate the necessary steps such as creating additional barracks and cells besides shifting some prisoners to new prisons,\"' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15181097", "title": "Solid waste disposal to be boosted", "text": "VARANASI: With the release of funds under the head of maintenance of compactors and other vehicles used for garbage transportation by A2Z, the company handling solid waste management project, the possibility of acceleration of pace of exercises to give a clean look to the city has increased.Municipal commissioner P K Pandey, who is holding regular meetings with A2Z officials and management for the past three days, on Wednesday said that during these meetings, the company officials informed him that lack of resources had suffered their works. \"Resources like compactors and vehicles of A2Z had become defunct as even after one and half year of their introduction no funds had been allocated by the company's management for their maintenance,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15174981", "title": "Peon earning Rs 9000 per month got flat worth Rs 60 lakh in Adarsh", "text": "MUMBAI: A peon who earned around Rs 9,000 per month was allotted a flat worth around Rs 60 lakh in Adarsh, it was revealed before the judicial panel.Suresh Atram (62) works at SMS Infrastructure, run by the Sancheti family, and is a colleague of Sudhakar Madke, a driver at the company who too was given a flat in Adarsh. Atram, told the commission that like Madke, he had taken a loan from the Sancheti family-run San Finance Corporation (SFC).Atram said that Madke had informed him about the flat in Adarsh. \"R C Thakur (prime accused in the Adarsh case) handed over the form to me in Nagpur,\" he said. \"At the time of filing my application, I had not seen Colaba area. Prior to the application I had never visited Mumbai. After filing the application, I have never visited the site of Adarsh society,\" said Atram.Atram admitted before the commission that Khaitan Steel, where Vijaya Sancheti was a partner, had mentioned his monthly salary as Rs 13,500, which was incorrect. \"The figure in the salary certificate was incorrect but it was issued as I needed to submit it for membership to Adarsh society,\" said Atram. \"The loan of Rs 20 lakh was paid to me by Shaktikumar Sancheti on my oral request,'' he said, adding that he had not yet repaid the loan. He further told the commission that SFC had paid around Rs 59.50 lakh for his 605 square foot flat in Adarsh society.Last month, Madke who works as a driver with SMS Infrastructure for a salary of Rs 34,000, said that he had been allotted a flat in Adarsh. Madke, who was allotted a 650-sq ft flat, said he had got a Rs 60 lakh loan from his employer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15176773", "title": "Special counters for filing I-T returns", "text": "PUNE: The income tax department (I-T) has made elaborate arrangements at its offices in Swargate, Prabhat Road (Erandwane) and Nigdi for accepting income tax returns. The due date for filing returns for 2012-13 for individual tax payers, whose accounts do not require audit, is July 31.The special arrangements include opening of special return receipt counters and separate counters for senior citizens, wherever required. All the special counters will remain open on July 27, 30 and 31 between 10 am and 6 pm.The counters will be equipped with computers and required technical support so that tax payers do not have to wait for long.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15173913", "title": "'Forcing juniors to address seniors as sir/madam is also ragging'", "text": "NAGPUR: \"Even forcing a junior to call seniors 'sir or madam' comes under the offence of ragging. In fact, any disorderly behaviour is defined as ragging,\" said secretary of Nagpur District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) Kishor Jaiswal at an awareness programme on anti-ragging laws. The event was organized by the Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGGMC) in association with DLSA for all senior students of MBBS. Jaiswal, and advocates Smita Deshpande and Sachin Narale were the guest lecturers who addressed the students and faculty.Jaiswal, also a civil judge, further explained that merely being aware of the laws against ragging is not going to wipe it out of the system. One should also make sure that these laws are implemented and complaints are filed. \"Some students excuse incidents of ragging because they are not aware that ragging is a punishable offence. They accept it, and this encourages ragging,\" he added.\"In 1999, Maharashtra Prohibition of Ragging Act was introduced, but very bad cases of ragging have been reported even after that. This implies that the victim and the offenders are simply ignorant that there are legal provisions against it,\" said Jaiswal.Under the anti-ragging act, it is mandatory for every college to have an anti-ragging committee with a chairman, teachers and senior students, who are responsible for the protection of their juniors. Any victim of ragging is first supposed to complain to this committee in the college, informed Jaiswal.He also said that members of the committee are given full authority to enquire into cases of ragging. If the college's anti-ragging department says it is becoming 'unmanageable' for them to handle the cases of ragging, then the police can directly intervene in the matter.\"The students must also know that the institute is completely responsible in case of any ragging or bullying of the junior students. The institute can also be punished if it don't take necessary actions in stipulated time,\" he said.Deshpande spoke about legal provisions for victims of ragging and the punishment that offenders have to face. Narale spoke of the psychological impact of ragging and how it can create imprints for life and discourage students for years to come.This programme was a step towards prodding senior students to welcome juniors instead of treating them with derision.IGGMC dean Dr PT Wakode was keen on organizing the event because he wanted seniors to approach their juniors, who are expected to join early next month, in a friendly manner.(Reporting by Poorva Rathi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15174199", "title": "Mayawati statue vandalised: Nab vandals or face backlash, warns BSP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Activists of a little-known outfit vandalized a life-sized marble statue of former UP chief minister Mayawati near the heart of Lucknow city on Thursday afternoon. The statue was broken minutes after the national president of the group, UP Navnirman Sena, told reporters at a press conference in the city that if the state government didn't dismantle Mayawati's statues, as promised before the assembly polls, his outfit would do it in the next 72 hours.Cameramen of some TV channels and a few news photographers who attended the press conference apparently had an inkling about the Navnirman Sena plans as they were on the spot shooting four members of the group damaging the statue near the Ambedkar Memorial in Gomtinagar. Despite TV footage showing faces of the miscreants and Navnirman Sena president Amit Jani boasting about the act on his Facebook account, police are yet to arrest any of them.The Bahujan Samaj Party workers, led by legislature party chief Swami Prasad Maurya, rushed to spot right after the incident. Claiming that the perpetrators of the crime had the backing of the ruling Samajwadi Party , Maurya warned that if the state government didn't immediately arrest the culprits, it would face \"serious repercussions\". Maurya and many other former BSP ministers later sat on a protest in front of Vidhan Bhawan. There were reports of BSP workers' protests from across the state.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav condemned the act, calling it an attempt to destabilise society. He ordered immediate repair of the statue and quick action against the culprits. Navnirman sena chief Jani, interestingly, claims allegiance to the SP and reportedly is also an applicant for the party ticket for the Baghpat Lok Sabha seat. State police chief AC Sharma told reporters Jani had a criminal history with seven cases pending against him.The statue which was vandalized was part of a gallery of dalit icons situated on the road just outside the Ambedkar Memorial in Gomtinagar. It is one of the 11 Mayawati statues installed in parks and memorials in the city. The incident took place between 1.15pm and 1.30pm at a place which is manned by the Special Area Protection Force (SAPF) guards. This force had been set up during the BSP regime, especially for the security of dalit memorials and parks.Of the four miscreants, who were videographed damaging the statue, two had covered their faces with helmet and cloth and were holding hammers. The video shows them climbing the pedestal in a jiffy and dismantling it. While they were damaging the statute, SAPF guards, who were on patrol duty on the road above the gallery, raised an alarm. By then the four miscreants had damaged the statue. They retreated quickly, leaving two black bags and one hammer. While one of the UPNS members rode pillion on a motorcycle on which two persons were already sitting, three ran further and picked up their motorcycle parked on Ambedkar Samajik Parivartan Sthal Road. Guard Ram Bachan Ram, who was the first to spot the miscreants is being interrogated by the police.As the news spread, principal secretary (home) RM Srivastava, DGP AC Sharma, IG Zone Subhash Chandra and district police chief IG Ashutosh Pandey along with a heavy police force went to the spot. Admitting that the incident was a complete intelligence failure, IG Pandey suspended the Local Intelligence Unit beat in-charge S-I VP Singh and added that three persons -- one of them from a PR agency which organised the Navnirman Sena press conference -- were being interrogated. Later, the DGP said that three persons had been detained. Principal secretary (home) said strict action would be taken against the miscreants and added that efforts were being made to nab them as soon as possible.Earlier, UP Navnirman Sena chief Amit Jani along with other office-bearers had called a press conference at UP Press Club on Thursday at around 11am. While talking to journalists, Jani had demanded inquiry into scams like NRHM and Taj Heritage Corridor case and also demanded removing all the statues of Mayawati \"as promised by the SP before elections\". Jani told reporters that his group had given an ultimatum of 72 hours for removing the statue else his group members would remove the statues. Citing reason, he said millions of taxpayers' money had been wasted on the construction of such parks and statues. He even advised that statues of Matadeen Balmiki and Kargil Martyr Captain Satish Jatav be installed in place of Mayawati's.An official of the PR Agency which organised the press conference later told IG Pandey that even before the conference was about to get over, an office-bearer of the organisation received a call from someone who told him that the statue had already been damaged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15170873", "title": "DGP office warns against black magic", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police warned temple organizers and priests who perform 'Kshudrapujas' ( occult practices) that stringent action will be taken against them under the Endowments Act.Reacting to reports of a DG rank-officer performing black magic on DGP V Dinesh Reddy, chief public relations officer of the DGP office, in an official release issued here on Thursday, said Pratyangiradevi temple trustee Mallikarjuna Rao and priest Vitthal Sarma were warned by the police.They were told not to repeat such activity as the temple was situated amidst a residential colony and it would hurt the sentiments of the people living there as the objects used in performing the occult activity like meat and liquor were prohibited at the place of worship.Police also appealed to people, who resort to such practices to make a quick buck, that performing 'Kshudrapuja' would attract provisions of the Endowment Act and the trustee or owner would be removed from their position.\"The issue is left to the discretion of people who have performed this puja. Hence, no case has been registered for the time being,\" the release stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15179205", "title": "Criminals using juveniles for crimes", "text": "BANGALORE: Criminals and rowdies in the state are deploying children below 18 years to pull off their crimes because the kids get off with lighter punishments.Deputy chief minister (in charge of home department) R Ashoka mentioned this in the legislative council on Thursday. \"A new and dangerous trend has emerged. As criminal laws related to juveniles are not as harsh as for adults, rowdies and criminals are using children to commit crimes, like in terrorism cases,'' he said.C Motamma (Congress) suggested the government should take parents of juvenile delinquents into confidence to discipline children. \"Some kind of brainwashing of children is necessary,'' she added.The DyCM talked about another trend -- increase in crimes outside the Bangalore police commissionerate. He said as the City Crime Branch keeps a tab and takes action against rowdies, anti-social elements have moved to the periphery. \"As police outside the city aren't that well equipped, rowdies are going out of city limits to commit crimes. There is a need to find a permanent solution to this problem. We're thinking of expanding the jurisdiction of the commissionerate. We're also planning to have a Special Task Force exclusively to deal with rowdys,'' he added. However, he said policemen were hesitant to initiate strict action as they were afraid of human rights bodies.MC Nanaiah (JDS) blamed the politician-official-police nexus for increasing crime. He urged the government to post persons of integrity in important posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15172237", "title": "No nod for special session: Election Commission", "text": "BHOPAL: With MP Vidhan Sabha all set to go for a special session to restore membership of two expelled Congress legislators on Friday, the Election Commission (EC) has shot off a letter clarifying that it has not given any permission for the session, triggering speculations over its validity.The commission, through the office of the Chief Electoral Officer of Madhya Pradesh , sent a letter to the assembly secretariat clarifying that \"neither any permission has been sought from the EC for calling special session of the assembly on July 27 nor any permission has been given by the commission in the matter.\"\"You are requested to clarify the position to the newspapers,\" the EC said in its letter after a section of media quoted assembly speaker as saying that they had consulted the election commission officials and understood that there was no \"legal hitch\" in convening the special session for restoring the membership of two MLAs. The two MLAs were expelled by the House through a resolution which was passed by a voice vote on July 18.When contacted, assembly speaker Ishwardas Rohani said, \"No comments please.\"The EC came into picture as the assembly, immediately after the expulsion of the two MLAs, informed the commission that two assembly seats-Bhind of Choudhary Rakesh Singh and Mahidpur of Kalpana Parulekar, had fallen vacant and by-elections should be held for these seats. The commission promptly declared these seats as vacant, due to which both the legislators could not exercise their franchise in the Presidential elections on July 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15179892", "title": "Assam violence resonates in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of NGOs met in Mumbai on Thursday to assess the recent violence in Assam and Uttar Pradesh.The social and educational NGO leaders condemned the Assam violence alleging that members of a certain community had been subjected to \"planned ethnic cleansing\".They urged the Central government to take decisive action to control the arson as the Gogoi government has \"failed to protect its innocent citizens\".The leaders termed \"tagging Indian citizens who have been living in Assam for centuries as illegal immigrants or Bangladeshi settlers\" as \"most unfortunate\".Maulana Mahmood Ahmad Khan Daryabadi, general secretary of the All-India Ulema Council, Maulana Burhanuddin Qasmi, director Markazul Ma'arif Education and Research Centre, Farid Shaikh, president Mumbai Aman Committee, Dr Azimuddin, president, Movement for Human Welfare, Haroon Muzawala, Trustee Khair-e Ummat Trust and Maulana Ejaz Kashmiri said that the growing incidence of violence was a great cause of concern for the minority community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15192287", "title": "Art now brews at cafes", "text": "When it comes to Modernism, Chandigarh is the preferred template with its Cartesian grids, structured curves and sleek architecture.The second part of the exhibition titled 'Chandigarh and Me' by artist Namita Kohli presented a series of segmented geometric art put together.\"These works are inspired by Corbusier's architecture and includes repetition of basic geometric forms,\" says Namita.A trained printmaker, Namita says she prefers thin temporary material for her paintings with minimalistic oil and colour. She feels that being unequivocal is not her cup of tea and likes to experiment with new mediums in her work .Each work is layered, almost like a dialogue to emphasize 'line' as the essential part of her compositions. Also, predominance of monochromes annexed against a sharp colour gives a magnificent tint.Ask her is the interpretation of the pieces becomes difficult with the complicated grids, and she says, \"I am an abstractionist and have a tacit approach. I believe in leaving my paintings at an arbitrary stage and leave it to the audiences for their reactions.\"She considers her compositions to be postmodern and in sync with the changes of time. Abiding by her energetic expressive technique, she chose a cafe in Sector 17 to exhibit her artwork rather than an art gallery. \"The concept is very European and it is interesting to see how people accept it here. Also, more people get exposed to the creative works in a cafe as compared to the galleries where the footfall is less,\" she adds, \"This venue gives better access to art without people having to make a special effort.\"The exhibition also attracted a cross section of the creme de la creme of the city who had trooped in to see Namita's artworks.As this trend of exhibiting at cafes picks up momentum, it seems that the essence of the city has seeped through art into the realm of everyday public life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15177250", "title": "Meditation camps for history-sheeters", "text": "NASHIK: Officials of the Panchvati police station have initiated a scheme under which selected persons with criminal history would be \"reformed\".About 250 persons, including youths, who have a criminal background, would be subjected to yoga and meditation camps organized by Panchvati police and efforts will be made to see how jobs and loans can be provided to them.Speaking about the unique programme, 'Gunhegar Dattak Yojana' (Criminal Adoption Scheme), senior police inspector of the Panchvati police station, Bajirao Bhosale said, \"The basic motive behind the programme is to change the attitude of criminally inclined people. I believe that circumstances lead them on the wrong path. We hope that the camps will help them. Our efforts would also be to see if they can be given loan to start petty businesses or jobs, with the help of industrialists and NGOs.\"The programme was held at Saubhagya Mangal Karyalay on Wednesday evening, with a large number of youths attending it.The programme was presided over by commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal. Others included physiatrist Dr Jayant Dhake, Shashikant Mate of District Industry Centre, Dr Yogesh Jagzap, Macchindra Pagar of Remand Home, DCP Sahebrao Patil, editor of Sakal Uttam Kamble and editor of Gavkari Vandan Potnis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15171904", "title": "Dalit Prerna Sthal turns into fortress after BSP's protest", "text": "NOIDA: Hours after the statue of former Uttar Pradesh chief minister Mayawati at the Ambedkar Park in Lucknow was vandalized on Thursday, the Gautam Budh Nagar police and administration beefed up security in and around the Rashtriya Dalit Prerna Sthal and Green Garden in Noida. As per the orders of the UP additional DG, a general alert has been sounded and special teams have been formed to man the Dalit Prerna Sthal with instructions not to allow anybody inside the park.Meanwhile, several BSP members and supporters thronged the park to demand action and refused to budge. The party members condemned the act and demanded the damaged statue of their leader be brought back to its original state. \"This incident reflects anti-dalit mentality and we will continue to protest, but peacefully,\" said Surinder Nagar, Gautam Budh Nagar MP. He said that the BSP would further await Mayawati's instructions about their next step.The city police and administration had a tough time controlling the unruly crowd consisting of hundreds of party workers and supporters. Traffic was disrupted for almost an hour on both sides of the carriageway. Many commuters faced a harrowing time as the entire stretch from the Noida entry gate to the start of Noida-Greater Noida Expressway near the Mahamaya flyover and the entry point to the DND was completely choked.The police cordoned off the park and posted constables of the Provincial Armed Constabulary (PAC) at the spot. \"The action to post the force was taken in order to prevent development of any serious situation as a reaction to the damage caused to Mayawati's statue in Lucknow,\" said Rajesh Kumar Yadav, city magistrate, Noida.As per the directions of the ADG, the police have now posted two PCR vans at the park. \"We need to be extra vigilant so that incidents similar to Lucknow and Kanpur are not repeated in Noida,\" said SSP Praveen Kumar . \"The vans will be manned by sub-inspectors who will patrol the area 24x7 on a rotational basis,\" Kumar said.The security of the park built by Mayawati was reduced substantially after Samajwadi Party came to power in March this year. Currently, the Dalit Prerna Sthal is guarded by 26 private security personnel who man the park in two shifts. Mayawati's dream park was unveiled on October 14 last year amid much fanfare, but was closed to the public the next day as officials claimed that the park still needed some work to be completed.At the time of inauguration, the UP state administration had left no stone unturned in providing security to the Dalit Prerna Sthal. Over 200 personnel of the Special Range Security Battalion had been deployed besides two other battalions comprising 36 personnel each had been posted to guard the statues inside, in shifts.The park was built at a cost of Rs 657 crore. Around 180 employees who take care of this 35-hectare park have been apprehensive about their future ever since the change of guard and the government's launch to crackdown against financial irregularities committed during the commissioning of the projects. To date the park remains closed to the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15177367", "title": "Nashik third in state fencing", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik team secured third position at the 14th edition of the Maharashtra State Sub-Junior Fencing Tournaments held at Parli-Vaijnath. An outstanding show was displayed by participants Sharayu Patil and Shiwani Deshmukh.Sharayu won gold medals in the individual epee and foil events while Shiwani won gold in individual as well as team sabre events. Sharayu also won a silver in the foil event . Their coaches Raju Shinde and Ashok Dudhare said they are looking forward to better performances in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15175273", "title": "Child marriages a cause for concern: HMs", "text": "MADURAI: Heads of government and aided schools in the district have expressed the opinion that the issue of child marriage has been a cause of concern to them while admitting the students. Highlighting this during an interaction with the district police on Thursday, most of the heads said they come to know about the marriages only after they take place, especially during the summer vacations.The interaction also dwelt upon issues like whitener and other drug abuse, juvenile offences etc. The district police urged the schools to create more awareness among the students concerning these issues.\"We are not sure how to go ahead on this issue and the social implications of allowing married girls in schools,\" a headmistress mentioned. One headmistress narrated how she had to face false allegations by the villagers, after she reported a child marriage in the village. \"When the students have a protection against corporal punishment, what sort of protection, we the teachers have when the students take advantage of us,\" she charged.\"Teachers are afraid to take any disciplinary action against the students fearing legal complications as the teachers are always accused when a student takes any extreme step like attempting suicide. Many of the teachers feel that it is sufficient to teach and not to bother disciplining the students,\" another headmaster from a city school said.Addressing the heads, Madurai SP, V Balakrishnan said that teachers should always inform the police department about child marriages and they need not hesitate to readmit the students as the child marriage itself is invalid as per law. He also gave them his phone number, email id and Facebook ID so that the school authorities can leave him a message in case of an emergency. \"We will maintain absolute confidentiality over the informants,\" he assured them.Some of the schools complained about the presence of anti-social elements in their campuses after school hours due to lack of compound walls and security men. The headmasters of Chekkanurani, Thummakundu schools alleged that the local youth use their school grounds to consume alcohol and litter the grounds with broken glass pieces. Heads from rural schools also pointed out that alcohol and ganja is easily available for the students and some schools are located close to Tasmac shops.Appreciating the recent measures taken by the police department banning tobacco sales near the schools, the heads requested the police to continue with their measures. Some of them also pointed out the need for traffic regulation in front of their schools, as they are situated on busy highways.Balakrishnan appealed to the education department officials to provide the police with a list of schools where the problem of anti-social elements and other serious issues exist. He also urged the schools to hold regular Parents Teachers Association meetings and where there are serious problems, they can invite the local police inspectors for the meeting. He advised the heads not to be discouraged by the false allegations from the locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15172979", "title": "10 Cong MPs ask for Rahul Gandhi as leader of Lok Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: The stray voices demanding that Rahul Gandhi take up a larger political role has turned into a chorus, congealing into a clear message that its time for him to take over.Yet another indication came when 10 party MPs on Thursday demanded that Rahul become the leader of the House in Lok Sabha, the post vacated by President Pranab Mukherjee .The MPs wrote to Congress supremo Sonia Gandhi that Rahul's appointment as Lok Sabha leader was the need of the hour to instill a \"sense of confidence\" among dalits, tribals, poor and youth.\"We think it is the need of the hour that Rahul should play a larger and proactive role in Parliament as the party is facing many challenges inside and outside Parliament,\" the letter said.The call followed Rahul's recent comment that he was ready to take up larger responsibility. While the 10 authors of the proposal appear a motley group of MPs, the fact that they were carefully chosen to represent 10 states showed it was representative sample in Congress.They included Bhakta Charan Das (Odisha), Francisco Sardinha (Goa), P C Chacko (Kerala), Arvind Sharma (Haryana), Sanjay Nirupam (Maharashtra), Partap Singh Bajwa (Punjab), M L Sharma (J&K;), Ratan Lal (Rajasthan), J P Gaud (Karnataka) and Ninong Ering (Arunchal).Immediately, the issue pulled in other votaries. Raj Babbar, Congress MP from Ferozabad, said, \"When Rahul has agreed to take up a proactive role, then why not the leader of the House? It will send a message to youngsters across India that its voice is being heard in Parliament.\" The actor-MP said Rahul had started \"youth politics\" which resulted in emergence of CMs like Omar Abdullah and Akhilesh Yadav.The suggestion of yet another power perch for Rahul, besides AICC vice-president and Union minister, reflects Congress's decision to project the heir apparent as its mascot in 2014 but it is keen not to undermine the government with two more years to go.\"While we have a popular Congress chief in Sonia Gandhi and a strong and capable PM in Manmohan Singh , we thought leader of the House was the post where Rahul can play a bigger part,\" Bhakta Charan Das said, MP from Kalahandi, said.As news of the letter trickled in, few were willing to dismiss it as \"sycophancy\", seeing it in the context of the recent chorus among senior leaders. Law minister Salman Khurshid stunned partymen and observers alike when he said that Congress was in \"waiting\" mode because of Rahul's reluctance to step up to the plate.AICC general secretary Digvijaya Singh stirred the pot further by announcing that Rahul would take up a bigger position in September. It is not clear if he will continue in the party or join the government, though odds are in favour of his joining a bigger post in AICC.The fourth year of UPA-2 has raised anxiety levels in Congress about the political future. The stumbling Union government, with inflation and corruption as bugbears, was blamed for defeats in recent assembly elections while Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat loom as challenging battles. That has led partymen to chant the \"Rahul-for-PM\" slogan.Rahul's role is unmistakably increasing in party affairs, with yet another indication in Maharashtra unit chief Manikrao Thakre briefing him on the Congress-NCP tussle in the state and Digvijaya Singh filling him in on the Assam riots on Thursday.However, the leader of the House position is a testing post, held by experienced hands like Pranab Mukherjee. The post could expose a second-term MP to serious examination, and rivals like BJP would be eager to catch him on the wrong foot, if only to claim that he was not ready for the top job.Interestingly, DMK leader T R Baalu surprised UPA allies when he demanded that Sonia replace Mukherjee as leader in Lok Sabha. The demand, made in the meeting to announce Mukherjee's candidature for president last month, elicited no response from the party chief or other leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15177090", "title": "BERC invites suggestion for tariff of renewable energy", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar Electricity Regulatory Commission (BERC) has invited suggestions, latest by August 6, from the public and all stakeholders, including the state government, Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) and industries associations of Bihar for fixing the tariff for power to be generated from the plants to use renewable energy sources.The BERC has to promote power generation from biomass-based and bagasse-based plants by providing suitable infrastructure for connectivity with the power grid and sale of electricity to anyone.The commission has to determine the tariff for generation, supply, transmission and sale of electricity, in wholesale as well as in retail, within the state under section 86 (1A) of the Electricity Act. 2003, the BERC secretary said in the notification issued for the purpose.The BERC has prepared a draft paper for a wide range of discussion on the various aspects of determining the tariff of energy generated from renewable energy, its cost dynamics and rebate to be given to the consumers. Though, Bihar is yet to start power generation from renewable sources, several agencies are interested in setting up small power plants through sugarcane units.The commission is empowered to specify the terms and conditions for determining the tariff under section 62 of the Act. By doing so it has also to promote cogeneration and generation of electricity from renewable source of energy.The Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) has specified that the discount factor should also be considered while computing tariff. However, no biomass-based power plant has been able to supply electricity to the state. Only one company has signed the power purchase agreement (PPA) with the BSEB, and that too on November 22, 2010, for supply of 3MW of power from biomass-based power plant. But the evacuation system is yet to be constructed, said an official.Recently, five bagasse-based cogeneration plants have signed PPAs with the BSEB for supply of 66.54MW of power during the crushing season and 82.05MW during the off season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15178896", "title": "Reverend Ravikumar James is new bishop of Karnataka Northern Diocese", "text": "DHARWAD: Reverend Ravikumar James Niranjan has been selected as the fifth Bishop of the Karnataka Northern Diocese (KND) which has its head quarter at Dharwad.Ravikumar was selected as bishop at the Synod Executive Committee meeting which was held in Chennai recently. He will be consecrated as the Bishop by the Moderator of CSI G Devkadasham on July 28 at the Holy Name Cathedral in Hubli.Ravikumar began his pastoral services in 1976, and has since been serving the cause of the church.He has worked in the capacity of Ecumenical worker for seven years in the partner church-the Evangelical Church of Kur-Hessen, Waldeck-Germany. He has served the church in various capacities in the Karnataka Northern Diocese namely as Vice-President, Member of the Executive Committee, Treasurer of the Diocese, and many more.He has also served as Treasurer of Karnataka Inter-Diocesan Administrative, Finance &amp; Property Board Bangalore and as a member of the Executive Committee of the Karnataka Education Society( KACES) Mangalore, Vice-Chairman of the Karnataka Auxiliary Bible Society of India, Bangalore, and as Joint Secretary of the Karnataka United Forum for Human Rights.Rev Ravikumar Niranjan will now be the head the Karnataka Northern Diocese, which has the preview of 12 districts.There are 85 churches, several boarding homes, orphanages, hospitals which come under the administration of the Diocese. He will also be the President of the Basel Mission Higher Education centre and Basel Mission Primary Education Centre which runs 22 educational institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15179070", "title": "\u2018Ecstasy pills cause memory damage\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Taking ecstasy, a popular party drug, even in recreational amounts can cause specific memory damage , scientists have warned.The memory lapses are similar to those that occur in the early onset of dementia. Ecstasy, also known by its chemical name MDMA, is a Class A drug.Studies showed that even ten pills of the party drug a year can cause specific memory impairment.As the nature of the impairments may not be immediately obvious to the user, it is possible people wouldn't get the signs that they are being damaged by drug use until it is too late.According to the study, new ecstasy users who took ten or more ecstasy pills over their first year of use showed decreased function of their immediate and short-term memory compared with their pre-ecstasy performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15177868", "title": "Traders told to park cars behind shops", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To ease traffic congestion in parking lots of sectors falling on Madhya Marg, UT police have decided to ask showroom owners to park their vehicles behind the markets.Directions have been issued to traders who visit these sectors every day and park their vehicles for hours together. The police said initially, they would appeal to the owners, but later violators would be penalized. The stretch includes sectors 7, 8, 9, 10, and 26. \"A lot of commercial activity takes place at Madhya Marg as many private offices and banks are located there. Several people visit it daily, but due to less parking space, many park their vehicles on slip roads in violation of rules,\" said Vijay Kumar, deputy superintendent of traffic police. Traffic officials had recently conducted a survey on parking areas on Madhya Marg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15176846", "title": "Rains may elude northwest till August", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cloudy skies but little rain seems to be the fate of Delhi and much of northwestern India as the Met's predictions for rain since July 21 have failed to materialize and the scenario does not look encouraging till the end of July.So far, other than parts of east Uttar Pradesh, Himachal and Jammu &amp; Kashmir, the region has been quite dry with Delhi facing a shortfall of 151 mm for the season while northwest India's deficit up till July 26 was 38%. The next few days are not promising either, as the cyclonic circulation that formed over the Bay of Bengal is a weak, low level system.\"No heavy showers are expected over large parts of northwest India till at least the end of July, other than some local convective rain. The system that formed over the Bay of Bengal on July 25 is weak. It has gone up to mid-troposphere which leads to cloud formation but only light rain. Delhi, for instance, will remain cloudy but no heavy rain is expected,\" said a Met official.In the past couple of days, heavy rain has been recorded over Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Himachal, Uttarakhand and parts of UP and till July 28, widespread rain has been predicted for the western Himalayan region, east Rajasthan and UP.The villains as far as northwest India is concerned are weak depressions. \"The problem has been the lack of low pressure areas over the Bay of Bengal. The number of depressions has been quite low and even those that have formed have been quite weak and in low level areas,\" said a weather scientist.The feeble systems fizzle out by the time they reach UP so states further up north like HP, Punjab, Delhi and east Rajasthan are not getting good rain. The depression that formed on July 21 also passed through central India and did not affect the north.Till July 26, Delhi's Safdarjung observatory had recorded 89 mm rainfall which is 151 mm less than the normal for the season. In the week that ended on July 25, four of the city's nine districts had received no rain while rainfall in the remaining five oscillated between 3% and 11% of the normal. For the period from June 1 up till July 26, the deficiency in the nine districts ranged from 78% in west Delhi to 34% in east Delhi.\"In the last week, the axis of the monsoon also remained south of its position which led to rain in the central parts of the country including Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh. The present depression has shifted it northwards but other than clouding and a rise in humidity levels, rain continues to elude the region,\" said a Met official.IMD's prediction for northwest India is 93% of the long period average but with a deficiency of 38%, experts believe that the forecast may need revision. \"July and August have roughly the same number of rainy days for northwest India and there are chances that a strong system will help in bridging the gap. This is what is happening presently as extremely heavy showers over northeast UP have reduced the deficit by about 3% or so,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15175307", "title": "Senior BJP leader warns former CM", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Senior BJP leader and editor of 'Manogat' the BJP magazine, Surendra Patel has cautioned Keshubhai Patel who had launched a war against chief minister Narendra Modi .In his editorial, Patel has said: \"You are the Bhismapithamah of the BJP. Arjun in the battle of Mahabharat had to fight against Bhisma and Guru Dronacharya. I would request you not to create a similar situation.\"He further said that Keshubhai was being used by anti-BJP forces in their war against Modi. \"You are a senior BJP leader and your recent statement against the function of one person are reflecting as anti-party activity. Party is above a person that is the ideology that we followed in the party.\" He even went on to acknowledge the contribution of Patel in setting up the base of the party and also in the movement against the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15176978", "title": "Petro prices hike hits people hard", "text": "PATNA: People were shocked again on Thursday as the Union government announced another increase in petroleum products prices, including the LPG. No section of society has been spared the burden as the rate of diesel was increased by Rs 1.70 per litre, petrol by Rs 1 per litre, LPG by Rs 9.50 per cylinder to approximately Rs 420 against Rs 410.50 and kerosene by 80 paise per litre.The increase of Rs 9.50 on domestic LPG came as a shock to the people all over. Housewives as well as the owners of restaurants and small eateries said the raise would have a significant impact on their budget.\"The hike in LPG price is going to hit the common man. People are already suffering from increased prices of food items, vegetables and other important things in day-to-day life. This increase is too much. It will affect every section of the society,\" said a housewife, Surekha Kulkarni.The government should immediately roll back the hike, said Sukhada Anand of Nageshwar Colony. \"There should be restrictions on the repeated increases in prices of essential commodities. The annual spending of families will go up at least by Rs 1,000.\"\"This is open loot,\" said Jagdeo Path resident Sheela Damani. \"Fruits have gone off the table and it is becoming difficult to buy vegetables for a reasonable price. I shudder to think what will happen with two years to go before the next general election.\"The owner of a popular food joint in the city, Subodh Singh said, \"Transporters' unions and owners of restaurants and dhabas, consumers and housewives alike feel despaired. Diesel being a transporter's fuel, the cost of each item of consumption, be it perishables or non-perishables, is set to spiral. Even we will be forced to enhance the prices of every item we serve on our menu platter,\" said.Another dhaba owner, Shyam of SP Verma Road said, \"From Friday itself, I will hike the prices of eatables and even tea and coffee. Every month we require five-six LPG cylinders and the total price that I now need to pay is a big amount.\"Reacting to the hike in LPG prices, deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi said, \"On the one hand, the Central government is providing free LPG connections to the rural poor, while on the other, it is increasing LPG prices at regular intervals. Oil companies are raising prices on the pretext of higher entry tax, operating cost, transportation cost etc. The government must immediately withdraw the hike,\" said the deputy CM.Pravin Agrawal, a member of the Fruitsellers Association, described the hike in diesel and LPG prices as a blow to the common man. \"Why is the government taking unpopular steps to benefit public sector companies at the cost of the common man,\" he asked.State food and consumer protection minister Shyam Rajak, reacting to the hike, said, \"The state government is absolutely helpless in this situation. We cannot provide any subsidy to the consumers as it is the decision of the Union government. Such frequent hikes add to the problems of the common man. I also wonder, why is the Centre so inconsiderate to Bihar.\"\"We are apprehensive of further increase in the prices of diesel, petrol and LPG. A hike of Rs 9.50 per cylinder of gas is quite high,\" said Ram Sharma, an engineer.LPG prices, it may be mentioned here, has been hiked in six states. Domestic LPG price has been hiked by Rs 19.43 per 14.2-kg cylinder in Assam, by Rs 9.50 in Bihar and Rs 8.72 per cylinder in Maharashtra. On the other hand, prices in Kolkata have come down by Rs 4 to Rs 401 and in Chennai by Rs 7 to Rs 386.50.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15174283", "title": "BJP demands CBI probe in J Dey murder", "text": "MUMBAI: The BJP has demanded a CBI probe in the murder case of journalist J Dey. Raising questions over the manner in which the Mumbai crime branch is investigating the matter, leader of the Opposition in the legislative council, Vinod Tawde, sought a CBI probe.\"The DF government does not want the IPL match fixing information to come out in public. To find the real motive of Dey's murder, the case should be handed over to the CBI,\" Tawde said at a press meet at the party office in Mumbai on Thursday.As many as 12 people (including journalist Jigna Vora) were arrested in connection with the murder. On Wednesday, Tawde, while speaking in the council, alleged that the arrest of Jigna Vora in connection with Dey's murder case was just a damage control exercise of the home department to save its image.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15176065", "title": "Illegal constructions on Paud road demolished", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Thursday carried out a massive anti encroachment drive on Paud Road and demolished illegal constructions measuring around 40,000 sq ft on either side of the road.\"The drive was carried out between 11am and 5pm and covered the entire stretch of Paud Road -- from Paud Phata to Chandani chowk. The illegal constructions of nearly 15 hotels and 30 shops were removed,\" said Sahebrao Dandge, deputy engineer of the building department of PMC, who coordinated the drive.Dandge said the commercial establishments had built temporary as well as permanent structures on the side, front and rear margin of the shops and hotels. All of them were illegal. The PMC had issued notices to the establishments asking the owners to remove the illegal parts. Some owners adhered to the orders and removed the encroachments, while some did not take any action. The drive was carried out with the help of nearly 80 people -- 30 police officials, 40 workers and 20 PMC officials.\"The civic administration has appealed not to encroach on the front, rear and side margins again. Criminal cases will be registered against those who fail to follow building construction rules,\" said Dandge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15173329", "title": "Citizens battle frequent fuel price hikes with carpools", "text": "MUMBAI: Frequently rising fuel prices have made carpooling a viable travel option for office-goers in the city.Recent price hikes, including the one brought in effect from Wednesday, are encouraging more and more Mumbaikars to opt for the cheaper and environment-friendly carpooling arrangement.Goregaon resident and senior media executive Gaurav Kapoor and three of his colleagues have started travelling by a common car to their Lower Parel office. Though Gaurav's car is used every day, all four contribute towards fuel expenses and end up saving close to Rs 2,500-3,000 each.\"The common 40-minute drive not only saves us money but also helps us avoid adding to congestion and pollution in the city,\" Gaurav said.The group has fixed pick-up and drop points on the main road as per their convenience, which makes the drive easier and faster. Gaurav's colleague Saksham Maheshwari, who has also joined the carpool, said that earlier, all of them would travel by their own vehicles or by other modes of transport, which turned out to be very expensive and cumbersome.Chembur resident Rajeev Jha, a senior executive with a financial firm in Goregaon, and his colleague Vinay Dhareshwar drive together to work, using their cars alternately. Their colleague Prashansa Jain, who travels with them, doesn't get her own vehicle but contributes towards monthly fuel expenses to both of them. \"We started this practice a few months back to battle rising fuel prices,\" he said.\"We all have to contribute only around Rs 500 towards monthly fuel expenses and we end up saving Rs 2,000 each. The carpool helps us enjoy a comfortable commute to work,\" said Jha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15174055", "title": "CM warns against MNS stir at toll nakas", "text": "MUMBAI: Toughening his stand against the MNS activists' attacks on toll nakas, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan warned on Wednesday that those taking law in their hands would not be spared.\"Violation of law and order will not be tolerated,\" Chavan said. Transporters' associations, in turn, have demanded that a single-point toll collection centre mechanism should be set up for all trucks as they suffer an annual loss of around Rs 87,000 crore owing to delays at several check-posts and toll plazas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15171430", "title": "'Half' flyover planned along Sector 15A road", "text": "NOIDA: After having closed most U-turns between Noida Gate and the entry to Noida-Greater Noida Expressway, the Noida Authority has decided to construct a 'half-flyover' or an elevated U-turn at Sector 15A, near the Noida entry gate, to streamline traffic flow and provide a signal-free corridor between Noida and Delhi.The Noida Authority has proposed to make the entire stretch between the Noida entry gate and Pari Chowk in Greater Noida signal-free. It has removed all speed breakers and signals and close turns on the central carriageway on the stretch except for the two cuts in front of the Sector 15A gate.The Authority has now decided to close the two turns and construct an elevated U-turn at the Sector 15A entry gate to provide a smooth flow of traffic. \"The Authority, in coordination with the traffic police has made a few modifications along the link road. Traffic pattern along the route is set to change soon as we plan to close all cuts on the central carriageway besides widening the road, removing speed breakers, constructing elevated U-turns and building foot overbridges to make the entire stretch signal-free,\" said an Authority official.Since a U-turn or traffic bulb will take up too much road space, the Authority decided to construct a half flyover or an elevated U-turn only on one side of the road under the DND flyover near the Apeejay School Gate. \"Each day, commuters waste hours along this stretch in rush-hour jams that stretch up to 2km,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15173815", "title": "Link Road encroachments make mockery of pay-and-park scheme", "text": "NAGPUR: Unable to stand up against a group of 10 automobile spare parts shop owners and mechanics, a private contractor shut down Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC's) pay-and-park scheme on the busy Link Road that connects Residency Road with Gaddigodam Chowk.Confirming this, NMC traffic engineer Nasir Khan told TOI that some shop owners in the vicinity don't want the scheme as they feel it will hamper their business. \"A major portion on both sides and pavements along the Sadar Link Road have been encroached upon by automobile repair shops,\" he said. From autorickshaws to trucks, one can spot mechanics repairing vehicles along this road during any time of the day.Pedestrians find it difficult to use the footpaths as they have been allegedly encroached upon by the shopkeepers. Harried motorists want the stretch to be de-congested. \"Authorities must take action to remove these encroachments which cause congestion during peak hours,\" they demanded.Khan pointed out that in May this year, the then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay had conducted a joint operation to clear these encroachments. Later in early July, NMC had reintroduced the pay and park scheme at commercial places across the city, including the Link Road. The NMC also erected four pay-and-park signboards here. A couple of days ago, some miscreants removed these boards and the mechanics resumed their work.However, the shopkeepers' association has opposed the pay-and-park scheme. A delegation of the Link Road Vyapari Sangh led by President CN Harsulkar met deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav on this issue. Maintaining that the parking scheme on the road has adversely affected their business, Harsulkar said the NMC should instead use vacant plots as parking spaces.Blaming the civic body for not providing parking space for shop owners, Harsulkar said, \"It is not possible for us and our employees to pay parking fees everyday. We oppose the move and it is NMC's duty to provide us a separate parking space.\" The association has also requested the civic body to study possibilities of setting up 'multi-level parking' system in the city.Nasir Khan said his department has sent a complaint to additional deputy municipal commissioner, Ravindra Kumbhare, and \"we have also approached commissioner of police, Ankush Dhanvijay, to deploy at least four police personnel on this road to ensure proper implementation of the pay-and-park scheme. We have also discussed the encroachment issue with the police officials. The cops have assured to take steps against these illegal shops. We will soon restart the scheme,\" said Khan.According to DCP (traffic) Jivaraj Dabhade, if the pay-and-park scheme is implemented in this part of the city, it would solve congestion problem not only on Kamptee road but also at Residency Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15189680", "title": "Is Namitha the next big thing in Mollywood?", "text": "No one can forget the power-house performance put in by newcomer Namitha Pramod in Traffic. Namitha played Ria, daughter of the couple Rehman and Lena and who ultimately dies. Not many would have expected such an emotionally-soaking portrayal by a debutant actress.Young Namitha Prasad is flooded with offers to star in many films in Malayalam nowadays. Credit ought to be given to Rajesh Pillai, the director of Traffic for spotting the talented Namitha and introducing her to Malayalam film industry. Namitha now plays the lead role in experienced and talented filmmaker Sathyan's upcoming film which is most likely to be titled Oru Karyam Parayanundu . Still in her teens, the Trivandrum-based Namitha is quite excited about all the adulation she's been getting and the offers pouring in at her doorstep.Namitha is not camera-shy as she had worked in many television serials before. She plays a fisherwoman in Sathyan's film and is cast opposite Nivin Pauly, who played hero in the successful Thattathin Marayathu . Heroines such as Asin and Nayanthara, who had earlier worked with Sathyan, have gone on to achieve a lot. Industry observers predict that Namitha might follow them and make it big not only in Malayalam but, outside this industry too.Also, critics are suggesting to bring in new faces in this industry. Because actresses who make it big in Malayalam industry, move on to other industries too or get married and then come back for second innings. So fresh faces,which are bundle house of talent these days should be given a chance!Source: filmglitz.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15175207", "title": "Trichy govt hospital gets three new mortuary vans", "text": "TRICHY: Three more mortuary vans were supplied to the Annal Gandhi Memorial Government Hospital in Trichy on Wednesday. The hospital already has two such vans, and in the absence of enough mortuary vans, greedy private hawks make a windfall, hiking transportation charges for dead bodies at will depending upon the exigencies of the situation.The Mortuary Van Free Service is funded by the Tamil Nadu Health System Project and run by the Indian Red Cross Society. Since the mortuary vans are painted in black, and advertised in Tamil as \"Ilavasa Amarar Oorthi\" (Free Mortuary Van), private operators play on the sentiments of relatives saying that carrying the body in a free government service would be below their dignity, said the hospital's resident medical officer Dr Shiva Kumar. According to him, a death certificate or a post-mortem certificate is enough to carry the body free of charge anywhere in Tamil Nadu. The facility is supplied on first-come-first-served basis.Private mortuary van operators - there are as many as 20 in Trichy - charge around Rs 15,000 to cover a distance of 150 km.In a recent instance, an operator demanded Rs 35,000 to transport a body to Cuddapah in Andhra Pradesh. Since the bodies can be transported only within the state borders, Dr Shiva Kumar dispatched the body up to Tiruttani, the last stop within the TN border, to the address of a relative of the deceased, and then it was re-transported to Cuddapah, thus helping the mourners from an unforeseen financial crunch.However, in the hustle and bustle of a situation warranting transportation of a dead body without further loss of time, the public grudgingly go for private mortuary vans since they can carry as many persons as the van can squeeze in, whereas the government mortuary van strictly restricts the entry to only to relatives, said Dr Shiva Kumar.Since no one can predict a death, stationing more vans would not solve the problem of transporting dead bodies altogether. This situation is well exploited by private parties, said Dr Shiva Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15175128", "title": "Wrestler Narsingh Yadav gives London Olympic a Mumbai touch", "text": "MUMBAI: From the mud pit of Jogeshwari to the wrestling ring of London Olympics, it has been a dream that Narsingh Yadav has been living as he grappled his way to the greatest sporting extravaganza. So, when the 24-year-old Mumbai 'pehelwan', one of the contenders in the 74kg freestyle event, gets into the ring on August 10 for an Olympic medal, it would be for the match of his lifetime. He already has the Commonwealth and Asian Games gold medals in his kitty. Currently training in Belarus , Narsingh will be taking on the finest wrestlers from 20 countries in a battle of brain versus brawn.Back at Yadav Nagar slum, his family home overlooks cattlesheds of Jogeshwari and it is from here that his father delivers milk to the neighbouring Lokhandwala complex. It is located atop Bandivli Hill, at the centre of a colony whose settlers arrived from Uttar Pradesh many years ago. His brother Vinod, also a wrestler, lives here with wife Sadhana.Visible signs of opulence distinguish this from the other houses in the locality. The walls are tiled to the roof, the furniture stylish and the decor ornate. However, success has driven a sense of ennui into the family. Visitors are not welcome, even on the eve of the start of the Olympic Games. Narsingh's sister-in-law Sadhana curtly dismisses the odd reporter at the doorstep.But his coach Jagmal Singh is more forthcoming as he hopes that his ward will do the country proud. \"We do not know who will be his opponent until the pool is announced. I am hoping it will not include wrestlers from Iran and Russia . For, these are formidable fighters,\" he says.Narsingh has trained with him since he was 12 years old and even lives at the Sports Authority of India ( SAI) hostel in Kandivli (E). He would practice for two-and-a-half hours every morning and evening, fortifying himself with a wrestler's diet comprising protein supplements, juices and nuts. The vegetarian lad has taken to consuming eggs in recent years in order to keep up with the competition.Jagmal Singh was unable to travel to London given that two other trainers were selected. \"Had I been there, I would have motivated him and also monitored his diet. I would never allow him to drink from an open bottle or accept food from others lest it be spiked or doped,\" he says.But he travelled to Delhi to meet Narsingh on July 19 and saw him off on July 23 when the wrestler left for Belarus. \"He is there now and will leave for London once his bout is announced. It is merely an hour-and-a-half away,\" Singh says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15177457", "title": "A music show for A R Rahman\u2019s 20th year in film industry", "text": "COIMBATORE: Radio Mirchi, 98.3FM, is organising a music show, 'Mirchi AR Rahman 20-20' on July 28 from 6pm onwards at Hindusthan College Grounds, Nava India, Coimbatore. This is to celebrate the renowned musician's 20th year in the film industry since Roja, a press release said. Popular playback singers Unni Krishnan, Chinmayee, MLR Karthikeyan and TV reality show figures Raginishree and Febin will be performing the best 20 songs of Rahman. These songs have been selected based on public votes. Free passes for the event can be collected at Radio Mirchi office, 8th Floor, Classic Towers, Trichy Road, Opp to GH Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15177236", "title": "Patna University decision to hold one-hour classes hailed", "text": "PATNA: Patna University's decision to extend classes' duration from 50 minutes to an hour has been welcomed by teachers and students alike.Asha Singh, head of the department of economics, Magadh Mahila College, said, \"One-hour classes will give us sufficient time to explain topics to students. As attendance call takes quite some time, especially if it is a big class, teachers will now have more time to elucidate the topics.\"A second year political science student from the same college, Chandani Kumari, said, \"It is good. Now that we will have more time, the syllabus will be completed well in time and there will be ample time for revision.\"Shampa Sharma, HOD, mass communication department, Patna Women's College (PWC), appreciated the university's resolution. She said, \"Vocational courses already have one-hour lectures, which are ideal for classes. However, such a move for regular courses is good.\"Sakshi Jhunjhunwala, a second year B. Com student of PWC, expressed similar feelings. \"Since our lectures were already one-hour-long, this decision will not affect us.\" However, third year students of English department from the same college, Kalpana and Priyanka, differed in their opinions, saying they did not really like the new directive without giving any reason.Rohit, a teacher of geography at BN College, said, \"The proposal will lead to greater interaction in classes, which will be divided into 40-minute lectures and 20-minute discussions, giving students much time to clear their doubts. It will immensely benefit the students.\"Robin, a BCA pass out from the college, said, \"The decision to extend lecture time is fine, but it all depends on how well the classes are conducted. If the classes are not being conducted, then even extending the period won't serve any purpose.\"The decision also applies to postgraduate courses of Patna University, which was applauded by Amar Kumar Singh, HOD, PG Hindi department, Darbhanga House, Patna University. \"This will give students more time to ask questions. The teaching modules will become interactive, which is always good,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15175316", "title": "499 school buses fined, 1 driver found drunk", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 51-year-old school bus driver ferrying children of a private school in Anand Vihar was found completely drunk at 2pm on Thursday.Lekhraj was driving students home when he was intercepted at Bhajanpura Chowk in northeast Delhi. His alcometer reading came to a shocking 149.5mg per 100 ml \u2014 five times over the legal limit of 30mg.\"He was driving a chartered bus hired by the school. He was intercepted by a traffic police team checking school vehicles and asked to stop. When he tried to flee, he was chased down by a motorcycle chase-and-challan team that found him to be drunk. The bus still had around 15 students inside,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.There were 499 school bus prosecutions on Thursday. While Lekhraj was prosecuted for drunk and dangerous driving as well as disobeying lawful directions of a public servant, he was also found driving without a uniform or a seatbelt.\"Till now there appears to be negligence of the school but we are still ascertaining the same. The drive to catch such errant school buses will continue intensively both at the start and end of school time. Vehicles may need to be impounded, as safety is most important,\" added Garg.Of the 499 prosecutions, 363 were against school vans. While 68 school vehicle drivers were found to be driving dangerously, 201 were found to be overloaded or private vehicles, 21 committed Supreme Court violations and 48 were found violating permit rules. Five drivers were found to not even possess a licence and four were found jumping lights. Police impounded 60 school vehicles during the day.Most of the violations were recorded in north and west Delhi, where 163 and 161 challans were issued, respectively. Meanwhile, 103 prosecutions were recorded in east Delhi, 42 in south and 30 in central Delhi. The highest number of prosecutions were recorded in Subzi Mandi (46), Kalyanpuri (38), Punjabi Bagh (35) and Ashok Vihar (25).Times View It's strange how little we care about the safety of children, once they board the school bus. Parents worry about academic performance and the well-being of the kids while in school. The bus seems to become a no-man's land. Rarely ever are questions asked about the condition of the buses and whether teachers are present during the trips. If the parents worry so little about these critical things, how can the authorities be blamed for looking the other way! Parents have to start asking some tough questions - perhaps at the PTA meetings - and the police have to crack down, with help from the local administration. Often the threat of being barred from the bus is used to suppress any criticism. Schools can make a beginning by inviting feedback without the parents worrying about the consequences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "dharwad/bangalore", "code": "15179704", "title": "It was a joy to carry Olympic torch, says Bangalore girl", "text": "Dharwad/BANGALORE: Amrita Kulkarni, the Bangalorean who carried the Olympic torch in Merton on July 23, says: \"I could not believe I was carrying the torch. When I got the flame in my hand, I looked at it for some time. I could feel its power. The sound of the canister and the roar of the crowd was ringing in my ears. I could hear the hiss of the fire. Every time I raised my hand, the crowd roared. I could distinctly feel that it was not me but the torch that was creating the excitement. Though 300 metres sounded a lot before I started, it got over in the blink of an eye. As much as it was a joy to receive it, it was also a joy to give it to another person.\"Amrita, who was part of the stretch that included tennis ace Venus Williams , recalled how stunning the buildings at the village look. \"We were there before the athletes started arriving. The buildings are unbelievable. We could sense their strength,\" she told TOI on Thursday.Amrita's goal is to get into design strategy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kokrajhar/ guwahati", "code": "15171670", "title": "Assam limping back to normal, PM visit on Saturday", "text": "KOKRAJHAR/ GUWAHATI: The riot-torn western Assam began limping back to normal on Thursday largely because of intense patrolling by army personnel. No major violence between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims was reported from Korkrajhar and Chirang districts that saw six days of clashes between the two ethnic groups since July 20.Officials said the last reports of violence came in on Wednesday night when one rioter died in police firing in Kokrajhar district and three persons were shot at by miscreants in Baksa district. Curfew was lifted for four hours in Kokrajhar town during the day. The weeklong violence has left 42 dead and thousands homeless. More than 150 people have been detained for rioting and at least 10 are reported missing. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who represents Assam in the Rajya Sabha, is likely to tour the region on Saturday.After visiting some of the violence-hit areas, chief minister Tarun Gogoi said, \"The situation started improving on Wednesday. I hope it will be normal in two to three days. Trains have also started running.\" He held separate meetings with Bodo and Muslim groups at Kokrajhar. All eight trains stranded in West Bengal moved into the state on Wednesday night.Gogoi said the government would give a compensation of Rs 6 lakh to the next to kin of those killed in the violence. People who lost their houses would get the new ones under the Indira Awas Yojana. The government would also take care of the education of the victims' children.The CM asked the media not to show or telecast old pictures of riots that could trigger more violence. \"Assam is not burning. There are disturbances only in three districts,\" he said while referring to the use of headlines like \"Assam is burning\" by the media.The shortage of food, water and medicines at relief camps has become a cause of worry for the government. Inmates of a camp at Bhotgaon in Kokrajhar district, where about 5,000 victims are lodged, attacked Kokrajhar circle officer and magistrate Bipul Saikia with sharp weapons when he reached there with relief materials there. \"There were no security personnel with me when I visited the camp. Some of the inmates attacked me,\" the officer said.In Chirang district also, inmates of a camp attacked the convoy of an all-party delegation of MLAs, accusing the government of failing to send them enough relief materials. State agriculture minister Nilamani Sen Deka, who is overseeing relief operations in Kokrajhar, said, \"We have sent adequate food and healthcare materials to all camps. Vehicles carrying relief materials have reached most of the camps because they are located in inaccessible areas.\" A state home department official said, \"There are 250 camps where about three lakh people have taken shelter.\" A government source said the Union home ministry had taken exception to the belated use of the army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15179494", "title": "Physio in Vadapalani hospital kills self", "text": "CHENNAI: A physiotherapist at Vijaya Health Centre in Vadapalani, committed suicide by hanging at his house in Alwarthirunagar on Thursday. He locked the bedroom where his wife and son were sleeping and hanged himself from the ceiling in the hall.G Arivalagan, 36, was a native of Alangudi near Pudukottai. He did not leave any suicide note. Police are investigating the reason for his murder.Sources said Arivalagan's wife woke up around 2.30am and found her husband was not in the room. When she tried to open the door, she found that it was locked from outside. When she looked through the window, she found her husband hanging in the hall. She informed her neighbours and his body brought down the body from the noose. Police arrived at the spot and they sent the body for postmortem.Arivalagan survived by his wife Tamilarasi and five-year-old son Pranav. Virugambakkam police have registered a case under Section 174 (unnatural death) of Criminal Procedure Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15177377", "title": "Land not to be forcibly acquired, says administration", "text": "RANCHI: District administration officials on Thursday held a meeting with representatives of all 35 villages under Kanke block of the district and assured them that they would not be forcibly evicted.The meeting was convened on direction of Ranchi DC Vinay Kumar Choubey after villagers of the 35 villages participated in the agitation along with villagers of Nagri mauza who are protesting against the bid for land acquisition by the government to set up central educational institutions.District additional collector Deepankar Panda and district land acquisition officer Shailendra Lal told the villagers that the district administration had not received any proposal from any department related to acquisition of land for New Ranchi or any other project.Panda said the villagers were being misled as the administration is going to follow the norms which include seeking opinion of the villagers before any initiative to acquire land is taken. During the meeting, representatives of the villagers sought a written assurance and details of land acquisition in their area under the Right to Information Act.Addressing their concern, the RTI officer of district land acquisition office vide letter no. 1584 informed that no such requisition for land acquisition is pending before the office. The villagers assured that they were also not against development and they would be happy to handover infertile or fallow land to the administration for development projects. The villagers informed that within Kanke block, fallow land measuring around 1,900 acres are available on which they have no objection to setting up of projects or development work to be taken up by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15178191", "title": "Mysore zoo: Move afoot to save Maya's cubs", "text": "MYSORE: The authorities of the Mysore zoo are leaving no stone unturned to save the remaining three cubs of Maya, an African hunting cheetah that died on June 12.Maya had given birth to five cubs, but two of the cubs died a few weeks after Maya died. The remaining three cubs are suspected to have developed Wallerian degeneration, a nervous syndrome, and are growing weak.Following the advice of the zoo's health advisory committee that met on Thursday, the authorities have decided to administer steroids to improve the condition of the surviving cubs.Zoo's chief veterinarian C Suresh Kumar told TOI there was no nutritional deficiency in the cubs, but they were now displaying signs of ataxia. Following the advisory committee's advice, they will start giving steroids to improve its condition. \"Wallerian nervous syndrome weakens hind limb muscles, which is most important for cheetahs,\" said Suresh Kumar.Genealogical chartLearning from the recent death of cheetah cubs, Mysore zoo authorities have now decided to check the genealogical tree of exotic animals before bringing them to the zoo.\"In a short period, we have lost four cats due to a disorder that we are not able to confirm without the genealogical chart of the cat family. We have requested wildlife experts in South Africa for the chart, but we are yet to receive it,\" zoo's executive director B P Ravi said.Ravi claimed that the breeding success rate of cheetah breeding was only 20% and Mysore was the first to breed them in India.Some good newsA capuchin monkey gave birth to a healthy baby on Thursday. Suresh Kumar said both the mother and the newborn are healthy. Presently, the zoo has four pairs of Capuchin monkey which were brought from Zoo Zlin in Czech Republic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15178345", "title": "Policy paralysis bug bites Naveen government", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Like the Centre, a \"policy paralysis\" has seemingly gripped the Odisha government. More so, since the Maoist-sponsored abduction drama involving two Italians and a BJD legislator in March and subsequent \"midnight coup bid\" by a section of ruling party leaders against chief minister Naveen Patnaik on May 29, administrative matters have been relegated to the backburner, feel government insiders.\"Government work has been adversely affected during the past few months because of certain political reasons,\" admitted a senior minister, referring to the aborted coup allegedly attempted by Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra and company and the recently concluded Presidential polls in which Naveen spearheaded the campaign for P A Sangma. \"While the CM has been preoccupied with party and other activities, most ministers, apprehensive of their future, are waiting for the much-anticipated expansion/reshuffle to take place. Consequently, few want to show any dynamism and deliver, lest it boomerangs,\" the minister explained.While the political bosses in the government, understandably wary since the Pyarimohan-led \"revolt\" within the ruling BJD, prefer to tread cautiously and not take up new initiatives, the bureaucrats, too, are apparently happy cooling their heels expecting changes in the administrative setup. \"Following changes in higher echelons of the police department earlier this month, expectations of reshuffle among IAS officers, both at the district and the state levels, are high. Ergo, many officers are whiling away their time and not doing much except clearing routine files,\" said a senior officer requesting anonymity.In fact, going by sources, the pending files count in the chief minister's office sometime back had crossed 300. \"But during the last few weeks, the CM has lessened the number of official meetings and concentrating on clearing the backlog,\" an official source revealed. However, in the aftermath of the May 29 failed coup the CM seldom comes to office by 11 am, as he used to do earlier. \"Nowadays, he normally comes after midday or on occasions after 1 pm. This certainly has hit office work,\" added a source.While the CM has of late begun meeting more of his party leaders at Naveen Niwas, hence spending less time at the state secretariat, some of the ministers also are not attending office daily. \"With five vacancies in the ministry (caused by the removal of Pradeep Maharathy, A U Singhdeo, Anjali Behera, Sanjib Sahu and Sarada Nayak) and some ministers not performing up to the desired level, obviously governance has taken a backseat,\" observed political analyst Rabi Das.Little wonder, the administrative paralysis is being felt by different sectors, including power, steel, mining, police, health and forest and environment. \"Around four years back the state government decided to amend its power purchase agreement (PPA) with the Odisha Power Generation Corporation so that incentive could be calculated when the plant load factor was over 80 per cent and not 68.5 per cent as was stipulated in its 1996 agreement. But the revised PPA is yet to be executed,\" a source disclosed, pointing at the extremely high degree of bureaucratic sloth in the government.\"The government has been talking about women empowerment and child development, but till seven kids died at an anganwadi centre at Ranpur, Nayagarh, earlier this month, the concerned administrative department did not have information about how many anganwadi centres were functioning from unsafe buildings. This amply reflects how the government is functioning,\" supplemented a BJD MLA, noting, \"Nobody bothers about elected representatives. Our suggestions are ignored and the administrative machinery is not delivering. The sad thing is the powers-that-be do not seem to bother.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15175380", "title": "Narendra Modi away at critical time: Keshubhai Patel", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Japan has been questioned by former chief minister Keshubhai Patel . In his blog, Keshubhai sought to know why Modi had to visit Japan at a time when drought and scarcity were looming large on the state.Keshubhai wrote - in the blog published on Thursday - that Modi was away when the state needed him the most. He asked what the people of Gujarat had achieved from the visit. \"This is wastage of people's hard-earned cash,\" he wrote. He also made the point that Gujarat was ranked fifth in attracting foreign direct investment. \"Other states have been able to attract more FDI than Gujarat without vibrant summits,\" he observed.Modi began his foreign visits from Astrakhan but drew no significant investment from that area, Keshubhai wrote. \"Will corporate [houses] or people of Japan quench the thirst of the people of Gujarat? Will they bring water for irrigation?\" he questioned. He also talked of missing children and malnutrition among Adivasis and women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15172578", "title": "Phase-II Jaipur Metro delayed", "text": "JAIPUR: Even after the state government took a firm decision to construct the Jaipur Metro corridor-II (Sitapura to Ambabari) on a private public partnership basis, delay of the project is now apparent.According to official sources, the state government had decided to start on the project by June, 2013 with appointment of the concessionaire. However, the procedure is going at a snail's pace.\"On January 17, the Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC) announced the list of the shortlisted applicants for the PPP stage of the Jaipur Metro rail project. After shortlisting the applicants, the JMRC has to prepare a manual of standard specifications and draft concessionaire agreement for request for proposal. However, nothing has been done in this regard so far,\" an official said, adding, \"The complete procedure will at least take more than one year.\"The official said four national and multi-national companies, including Reliance Infrastructure Limited, Gammon Infrastructure-Iridium Concession, Soma-ICF and Essar projects-Samsung C-NT, have been selected for requests for proposal (RFPs).At some places for the Metro phase II, land acquisition process has started, the official claimed. \"On Tonk road, around 23 hectares of land has been acquired for the depot. The JMRC has also issued notices under Section 6 of the Land Acquisition Act, 1984,\" he added. The state government has to acquire 50 hectare land for the project. The remaining 26.31 hectare land is soon to be identified and transferred.The Metro train would run from Sitapura to Ambabari covering a distance of 23.099 km on which Rs 6,581 crore would be spent. According to officials, there would be five underground and 15 elevated stations in the second phase", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15172746", "title": "Gehlot meets Rahul; Congmen see changes", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi held a closed-door meeting with chief minister Ashok Gehlot in New Delhi on Thursday. The meeting being one-on-one, its contents were not known immediately but the political circles in the state were ripe with reports about imminent changes in the organisation and the Gehlot government in consonance with Rahul's recent declaration to assume a more proactive role for himself in the party and the government.The meeting was keenly observed also because this was probably the first time that Rahul gave an exclusive hearing to Gehlot after the Gopalgarh firing incident of September 2011 when the chief minister earned the collective ire of the Muslim community in Rajasthan, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh just before all important UP assembly elections.Congress sources said chief minister Gehlot was now gradually mending his ways into the Rahul camp that already has its key members planning the poll strategies in Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh and Tripura that would be going to assembly elections later this year. Rajasthan has the assembly elections due next year.Gehlot's statement to media last week praising Rahul and expressing happiness at his decision to play a bigger role caught the party men's attention, as until now the chief minister had largely restricted himself to mentioning Congress president Sonia Gandhi in his statements.At a time when the chief minister was meeting the Congress general secretary in Delhi, his competitor within the party and union transport minister CP Joshi was with the Congress supremo Sonia on her first visit to UP after the assembly elections held early this year.Sonia was there to lay the foundation stone for widening of the Lucknow-Rae Bareli road and other development projects. Joshi has been given a significant role in preparation for the Gujarat elections where the Congress has not been able to taste victory in the past almost two decades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15179060", "title": "BBMP fines builder for breeding mosquitoes", "text": "BANGALORE: The BBMP team on Thursday found a private builder who has kept his premises unclean, which became breeding ground for mosquitoes, and slapped him with a fine of Rs 25,000. Residents also pointed out how the machineries and unclean compound caused stench and poses health hazards to thousands of them.The Palike has constituted a team to survey larvae breeding in 198 wards of the city. Every day at least 50 buildings in each ward will be inspected to cover all the 20 lakh buildings in the city. The survey will begin from July 30. If required, BBMP will take up fogging and other preventive measures to avoid the spread of dengue. On Thursday, BBMP east zonal medical officers inspected 6,425 houses in Sampangiramnagar and Sayapuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15179190", "title": "Hazare congratulates Pranab Mukherjee even as team attacks ministers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Activist Anna Hazare set the tone for Day 2 of the agitation on Thursday by congratulating President Pranab Mukherjee , hitting a discordant note with his fellow colleagues who had targeted him the previous day.However, the activists targeted five Cabinet ministers including NCP leader Sharad Pawar , former Maharashtra CM Vilasrao Deshmukh, urban development minister Kamal Nath , law minister Salman Khurshid and external affairs minister S M Krishna, leveling allegations of corruption and demanding investigation on the charges.Responding to the criticism, parliamentary affairs minister Pavan Kumar Bansal told TOI that while raising demand for Lokpal bill was legitimate, putting pressure on Parliament was anti-thesis of democracy.\"It is wrong to say that fasting is part of Indian tradition of protests. Mahatma Gandhi was fighting a colonial power while today it is the people's government. Parliament represents 120 crore people,\" Bansal said.Asked about the allegations raised by Team Anna against him, Hazare refused to answer saying, \"I do not want to speak about it.\" His remarks came at a time when his team has levelled serious allegations against Mukherjee, who was sworn in as president on Wednesday.Hazare appeared to have prevailed on the team to desist from attacking the constitutional office and Mukherjee's photograph, which was part of the backdrop at the protest site, was masked.Significantly, Hazare in his address said the government should not try to break his group.Team Anna reserved its choicest barbs for Khurshid, saying he was making false claims when the minister said that all allegations made by Team Anna had been rejected by the Supreme Court. Team Anna member Prashant Bhushan said the government was turning a \"blind eye to corporate corruption''.However, Bansal reacted sharply to barbs made against Mukherjee. \"They have arrogated to themselves the power to give verdicts or certificates to anyone. They are trying to stoke anti-establishment feeling among people so that there is no faith left in any of the institutions,'' he said.\"The result of such agitations can be dangerous. If there was a dictatorial government, do you think Team Anna would have been able to agitate? The solutions lie in Parliament, supported by think tanks outside. Let them sensitize people and start a movement to change mindsets so that people have zero tolerance to graft,\" Bansal said.Incidentally, academician Yogendra Yadav, who was forced to resign as NCERT's textbook advisor following the Ambedkar cartoon row, also took a swipe at the establishment. While expressing confidence in the PM's integrity, Yadav said, \"While I respect the PM and believe in his personal integrity, I wonder what I can do with that honesty that turns a blind eye to corruption around him?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15173284", "title": "Cushioned seats in second-class coaches of more rakes likely", "text": "MUMBAI: Buoyed by the initial response to cushioned seats in second-class compartments, Central Railway (CR) may decide to introduce the seats in more rakes. The first such train, introduced on July 25, has proved to be hit among commuters. The train was put into service without much fanfare as CR was facing shortage of rakes due to recent accidents.V M Malegaonkar, chief public relations officer, CR, said, \"We have received positive feedback from commuters and are considering providing similar facility in more trains.\"Cushioned seats were fitten in the second-class coaches of an existing rake at the Matunga workshop by CR's in-house team. However, CR may considering outsourcing the work for two more rakes after the Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation releases funds for this project. Cushioned seats have been provided in all general compartments, as well as those reserved for women and the handicapped. Ladies' compartments have mirrors and hooks to hang purses and have been given a coat of pink paint.Kalyan resident Arvindh Chhuilkar, who travels in the handicapped compartment, said, \"The railways have done a wonderful job as the seats have enhanced the comfort level of the commuters.\" Ambivli resident Prakash Khairnar said, \"Such seats should be provided in all the trains.\"First-class commuters, though, are not impressed with the move. First-class commuter Rohit Jadhav said, \"This move has eradicated the difference between first and second class coaches. It remains to be seen if this move will lead to a drop in sales of first-class season tickets and card tickets. I would not like to shell out more money for first class if the facilities in both classes remain the same.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15173713", "title": "Judges crack whip on horse carriage owners", "text": "Mumbai: No more sick, injured or unfit horses dragging overcrowded Victorias on Mumbai streets, the Bombay high court has signaled.In a move that will bring cheer to animal rights activists who have been calling for a ban on horses being used for Victorias, a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar has said unfit horses should be reported to the civic body and should not be allowed to ply till their owners get a fitness certificate.The petitioners, Animals and Birds Charitable Trust and the Animal Welfare Board, will have to identify unfit and sick horses and provide information to the BMC's executive health officer. The officer will summon the owner to produce the horse to be examined by a veterinary doctor from the committee appointed by the BMC. Unless the horse gets a fitness certificate, it will be prohibited from Mumbai roads. The court has directed the officer to submit a report about the action it has initiated in such cases after three weeks. There are approximately 170 horses in Mumbai tethered to Victorias or carriages, around 100 owners and 107 drivers, the petition states. Overwork, malnutrition, and lack of proper care are common problems, according to campaigners.According to a report submitted to the high court recently, of the 371 horses examined by the BMC in the city and its suburbs, around 196 needed treatment. The petitioners, who have sought a ban on horse-driven carriages, claimed that many horses showed signs of tenderness in their feet due to maggot-riddled hooves. The conditions in stables were pitiable, with horses tethered next to garbage dumps.According to the petition, the skin of the horses had burn marks from the limestone used to cover saddle wounds, while their mouths showed injuries from the metal spike placed there to rein them in.Meanwhile, the state submitted a list of schemes that could be made available to owners and drivers of horses to rehabilitate them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15178608", "title": "Beware of phishing emails", "text": "MANGALORE: SMSs and emails promising huge rewards are passe. Online fraudsters are now phishing in the name of the Income Tax department to lure netizens by sending out emails promising refund.Phishing is an attempt to acquire information (and sometimes, indirectly, money) such as usernames, passwords and credit card details by masquerading as a trustworthy entity in an electronic communication.When an email from re-funds_smk@incometaxindia.gov.in hit the inbox of Santhosh M, a professional, purportedly sent from the income tax unit, ministry of finance, India, stating they owed him a tax refund of Rs 39,910, his eyes lit up. A link in the email for submitting a refund request took him to his internet banking login gateway, which luckily aroused his suspicion and Santhosh ended the 'transaction' without logging in.Confirming his fears that this was indeed an attempt at phishing was Mohan Kajarekar, public relations officer with Chief Commissioner of Income Tax, Panaji. When the email received by Santhosh was forwarded to him for opinion, Mohan confirmed it was fraudulent mail. \"We (the IT department) do not send any emails to IT assessees with regard to refund and any refund due to them is credited directly to their accounts,\" he said.All e-returns filed by IT assessees for a particular assessment year is processed at the central processing centre of the IT department in Bangalore and they do not send emails to assessees with regard to refunds. \"Even in case where people file returns manually, they are sent letters informing them of refunds or additional requirements that the department may need to process their returns, which usually takes around six months,\" he noted.Moreover, the language used in the phishing email too is very crude and the IT department does not use such words to communicate with assessees, he said. People should be wary of such emails, he said adding that email id from which the phishing mail has been sent has been given an 'official touch'. Giving personal details such as internet banking login in and password could leave their banking accounts vulnerable to hacking, he warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15190241", "title": "Russell Brand ordered community service", "text": "Russell Brand , who has been accused of throwing a photographer's iPhone through a window, has been ordered to perform 20 hours of community service and pay a 500-dollar court fee to settle the charge.The 37-year-old actor and comedian could have been handed a six-month jail term for allegedly throwing the man's iPhone in New Orleans.Brand did not appear in court in New Orleans, but his attorney, Robert Glass, entered a not guilty plea to a charge of criminal damage to property, Sky News reported.Glass said that under a deal with the District Attorney's office, the case would be dismissed if the actor provides proof he has completed the service requirement by August 31.He added he hoped Brand may be able to fulfill the requirement through his charitable work with people suffering addictions.Police arrested Brand in March after the photographer accused him of grabbing his iPhone and tossing it through a window, breaking the glass in a city lawyer's office.Brand's bail was set at 5,000 dollars and he was released shortly after.District Attorney's Office spokesman Christopher Bowman said Brand had been charged with one count of misdemeanour criminal damage to property.The charge of simple criminal damage to property valued under 500 dollars carries a potential penalty of up to six months in prison - and/or a 500-dollar fine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15176288", "title": "CWG scam: I had no financial powers, Bhanot tells court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former CWG Organizing Committee secretary general Lalit Bhanot on Thursday told a special CBI court that no financial power was accorded to him and his work was only to coordinate with others during the 2010 mega sporting event.Opposing framing of charges in a CWG-related corruption case, Bhanot's counsel Ramesh Gupta argued that he (Bhanot) had signed Timing, Scoring and Results (TSR) system contract with Swiss Timing Omega, an accused firm in the case, because of the authority given to him; that too without taking any liability.\"His (Bhanot) job was only to coordinate with the others including various committees (set up during the Games) about their availability. No financial power was given to the secretary general. His duty was only to inform others and also to prepare and look after the work of press releases,\" the counsel told special judge Talwant Singh while referring to the powers given to OC's secretary general.Bhanot had earlier told the court that Spanish firm MSL was not given the contract to install the TSR system despite low prices because it had submitted \"forged\" documents.The CBI had alleged that sacked OC chairman Suresh Kalmadi and his associates had rejected MSL's much lower bid of Rs 62 crore and awarded the contract to Swiss Timing Omega, causing a loss of over Rs 90 crore to the exchequer.Kalmadi, Bhanot and nine others have been charge-sheeted by the CBI under various provisions of the IPC and the Prevention of Corruption Act for allegedly \"illegally\" awarding contract to install the TSR system for the 2010 CWG to Swiss Timing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15173834", "title": "Plan panel team to help tide over water woes", "text": "MUMBAI: With the shadow of drought looming over the state, expert teams from the Planning Commission have recommended a slew of measures to tide over the crisis.The four-man team, which was led by watershed development expert Dr Alok Sikka, discussed the recommendations with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Thursday, after visiting worst-affected areas in Marathwada and north Maharashtra over the last two weeks. Dr Sikka is the additional advisor to the Centre.While the state has already adopted contingency measures, sources said Chavan had insisted on a ground-level review from the expert team during a recent meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. The state faces a drought-like situation for the second year running. While 7,500 villages had been affected in 2011, indications are that the number could double this year, if rains do not improve in August.The average rainfall across the state this year so far is 80% of the normal average. Out of 355 talukas, roughly 56%, have received rainfall which is lower than the statewide average, with eight among these receiving only 25% of the normal average. The poor monsoon has also impacted the kharif sowing season with less than 50% area sown in 102 talukas.Sources said the team has recommended completion of last-mile projects to increase in irrigation potential. It was also recommended extension of the canal and sub-canal network. Extensive use of drip irrigation and micro-irrigation methods for water-intensive crops like sugarcane and improvement in the crop use pattern was also suggested.The state has been asked to use scientific techniques like hydro-fracturing, deep continuous contour trenching and cement bunds to tap every drop of rainwater. The team also recommended a review of water consumption patterns. Meanwhile, Chavan said the government would apply for extra central funding assistance under the contingency relief fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15175905", "title": "Alcohol addiction trickles down to youngsters still in school", "text": "KOLKATA: The age at which an average person begins drinking hard liquor has dropped from 28 years a decade ago to 18 now, an indication that a sizeable number of school students is consuming alcohol. With 16% of drinkers turning alcoholics in India, the decline in drinking age can potentially trigger an explosion in the number of people suffering from alcoholism.A person is labelled an alcoholic if he or she has the urge to consume alcohol daily and downs more than two pegs.\"Not only do a lot of children experiment with alcohol at a very tender age, the social acceptance of drinking in urban areas is expanding the vulnerable group. While not everyone who drinks liquor turns alcoholic, the lower the age of consumption, higher the chance of a person becoming addicted to alcohol,\" socio psychologist Nandini Chatterjee said on the sidelines of a meet organized by Alcoholics Anonymous (AA), a support group for alcoholics.While de-addiction from alcohol and dealing with withdrawal symptoms requires serious medication, AA helps addicts cope with the change and stay off the bottle through a structured spiritual programme. Following actor Aamir Khan's endorsement of AA in a television programme that delved into the disease called alcoholism, over 3,00,000 people have called AA for help, another 50,000 have sent SMSs and 100,000 more gave missed calls. The Kolkata chapter of AA received around 10,000 calls, many of them from youngsters.\"There have been calls to our office in Kharagpur and Burdwan as well. Several of the callers are young boys and girls. Many called on the spur of the moment after seeing the programme. But when we called back later, a big chunk tried to evade the issue. The common excuse was someone had dialled the number by mistake,\" said Rana, a former alcoholic and an active member of AA.Given the extent of the problem, the organization has decided to set up units in these towns as well as Darjeeling, Siliguri, Cooch Behar, Malda, Murshidabad and Birbhum.Psychiatrist Rima Mukherjee said she received three types of patients: chronic alcoholics, spouses depressed by alcoholism and children with behaviourial disorders triggered by alcoholism in the family. \"Alcoholism is a disease that not only affects the patient but afflicts the entire family,\" she said, adding that a person generally turns alcoholic when one is hungry, angry, lonely or tired.She though admitted that many doctors did not treat alcoholic patients in the same way as others. \"Since psychiatry isn't a subject in the undergraduate level, most doctors do not handle alcoholic patients with compassion. They don't even refer them to psychiatrists,\" she said.Physician Sudarshan Pal, who has worked in Kolkata Port Trust for 30 years, said he had encountered hundreds of alcoholism cases, mostly in group D staff who took to alcohol as a means to escape from drudgery. \"They begin consuming alcohol. Soon, it is the drink that consumes them. They fall ill, become habitual absentees. Many die of lever cirrhosis and related ailment before retirement,\" he said.Mukherjee and Chatterjee, however, clarified that alcoholism was equally prevalent in the middle class and affluent. \"It is about a person's will power and ability to exercise moderation. Some can and some can't. For the person who can't, even one peg after a long layoff is dangerous as the disease can relapse,\" explained Mukherjee.Suksham Singh, founding member of Lifeline Foundation that helps people who have either attempted suicide or are suicidal, said unable to share the pain, several alcoholics and members of their families have committed suicide. \"Just reach out and you will realize how many people are there to help,\" she said.Warning symptoms of alcoholismDrinking to relieve tension; increase in alcohol tolerance; decrease in tension tolerance; urge to continue drinking when others stop; uncomfortable at parties where booze isn't served; occasional memory lapses; thinking about the next drink; secret guilt feelings; lying about drinking to everyoneAlcoholic drinking-early stage: loss of control; urgency of first drink; sneaking drinks; increased dependence on alcohol; drinking bolstered with excuses; feeling of guilt about problems; tremors and earl morning drink; aggressive behaviour; loss of other interest; complete dishonesty; neglecting food; drinking alone and secretivelyAlcoholic drinking-final stage: Solitary drinking; hallucinations; convulsions; physical breakdown; insanity; death", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "15173837", "title": "Water tanks being converted into residential plots", "text": "BHANDARA: At a time when protection of water bodies is given a top priority, old water bodies in Bhandara are being destroyed by the owners allegedly with the support of some municipal councillors to use their land for residential purposes. Neither the revenue officials nor the municipal authorities have raised any objection to it nor sent notices to the parties concerned.A case in example is the Nav Talao, an old irrigation tank in Shastri Nagar. The tank is owned by Sayyad Abdul Ali and Sayyad Bakar Ali of Bhandara. The total area of the tank is 26.88 hectares. It irrigates 15.86 hectares of land. It is a perennial source of irrigation for the land in its command area. As per revenue records, the tank is more than 200 years old and is known as one of the oldest water bodies. Till now, it was an irrigation tank. But in June, the owners cut the size of the bank and drained out water.When asked, the owners of Nav Talao said stagnant water was getting polluted, resulting in the death of fish and hence the tank was emptied. However, sources said the motive behind emptying the tank could be to use land for residential purposes. Sources claimed that if a layout is laid and plots are sold, it could fetch more than Rs200 crore.Though Nav Talao is a privately owned tank, sources said the person behind the exercise is a senior municipal councillor. In the recent past, many water bodies have been converted into residential areas. This is despite the Supreme Court ruling that water bodies cannot be destroyed nor its land use purpose be changed. Earlier, three water bodies of the city were destroyed. Nav Talao would be the fourth one to be used for other purpose. Housing colonies have come up in place of three other water bodies.When contacted, SDO (revenue) Vinod Harkande said he was unaware of it. He said the patwari of Bhandara will inquire into the matter and submit a report. After verifying the report, action would be taken against the parties concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15192443", "title": "PM meets President Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday called on President Pranab Mukherjee , their first meeting since the latter took office on Wednesday.Singh drove down to Rashtrapati Bhawan for a noon meeting with Mukherjee.Officials described the meeting as a courtesy call.This is the first meeting between Singh and Mukherjee since he assumed the office of President on Wednesday.Vice-President Hamid Ansari , defence minister A K Antony, governors of several states, leader of the opposition in the Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj were among those who had called on Mukherjee on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15172730", "title": "Angry wife goes missing, traced to kin\u2019s place", "text": "MUMBAI: A 21-year-old married woman set alarm bells ringing when she got off a long-distance train at the Lokmanya Tilak Terminus and never reached home. Her family registered a missing complaint with the GRP, who circulated her photographs.Three days later, the cops found that the woman, tired of marital disputes, was at her cousin's place. Meena Dubey, a Jogeshwari (E) local, went missing on July 15 around 11.15pm. Dubey was carrying cash and some jewellery.The police tracked down Meena's cellphone location and traced her. The cops counselled her and sent her back home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15173363", "title": "Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray doing well", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray is doing well and a team of senior doctors from Lilavati Hospital, led by Dr Jaleel Parkar, are closely monitoring his health, Sena sources said. NCP chief Sharad Pawar and BJP president Nitin Gadkari called on him on Thursday.The 85-year-old Sena chief was admitted to Lilavati Hospital earlier this week as he had complained of breathlessness and acute constipation. Several tests were conducted on him over the last two days and more shall follow, it has been learnt.\"Balasaheb is in a good mood. He is on a light diet and has been reading a file filled with cuttings from newspapers,\" a close relative said.Thackeray wasn't willing to get himself admitted to hospital in view of the fragile health of his son, Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray. Uddhav recently underwent an angioplasty at Lilavati. It was after much persuasion by Dr Parkar and Dr Sanuel Matthew that the Sena chief agreed to be wheeled into Lilavati earlier this week. As his health showed signs of improvement, he was shifted from the ICU to a special suite on the eleventh floor of the hospital on Thursday.Uddhav, who has been convalescing at Matoshree, has kept in touch with the medical team at Lilavati about his father's health, it is learnt. MNS chief Raj Thackeray's wife Rashmi also visited the Sena chief at Lilavati.Uddhav, whose 52nd birthday falls on Friday, has cancelled all celebrations in view of Balasaheb's ill-health and the drought situation in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15172078", "title": "Petrol outlet proposed at Cherlapalli open air jail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Inmates at the open air jail at Cherlapalli will soon be selling petrol and diesel from a petrol bunk that is to be opened on the premises. This will be the second jail, after the one at Kadapa, to have a petrol bunk operated by convicts.Work on setting up of the petrol bunk by the Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) will begin in a few days. The prisons department has already obtained all the required No Objection Certificate (NOCs) for the outlet. As the jail is an open air one, prisoners are free to move around with not even a wall to obstruct them. The prison gate, too, is open all the time.Once operational, convicts will work at the petrol bunk in three shifts and interact with customers. After work, they are to report back at the prison barracks. Land has been allocated for the bunk at one end of the jail which is close to an industrial area.\"We would prefer to select prisoners who meet some educational requirements. After training, they will be put on the job,\" prison superintendent P Vijay Kumar told TOI. Each shift will be manned by 10-15 prisoners.According to prisons department sources, IOC will have to pay a rent of Rs 24,000 per month as rental for the space for the petrol bunk, which the company itself has to set up.Some jail staff, however, will handle the cash at the outlet. The prisons department will get a certain percentage of the revenue generated through sales.At present, there are 80 inmates at the open air jail. Over the coming few days, another 20 prisoners will join as the 'selection process' to depute convicts to the jail has been completed.Prisons department authorities select only those prisoners who have demonstrated good behaviour for transfer to the open air jail.This season, the inmates are busy cultivating vegetables and also paying significant attention to the dairy. It is from the open air jail that the Cherlapalli and Chanchalguda Central Prisons and the State Prison for Women, Hyderabad get vegetables, chicken and milk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15179344", "title": "\u2018Nargis\u2019, \u2018Madhubala\u2019 take ladies club back in time", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Teej celebrations at Sarabha Ladies Club on Thursday took back its members on a retro journey as they danced to the tunes of 70's Bollywood. The Ferozepur Road-based hotel would have seemed no less than Prabhat or Mehboob Studios of film city Mumbai. Dressed as beauties of yesteryears like Madhubala and Nargis, the club members performed enchanting dances on old and new Bollywood hits.Celebrating the monsoon festival under the theme \"mausam\", the members followed a dress code of green and yellow, keeping the gathering as vibrant as the season. Their evening turned lively with various games and sumptuous snacks.Civil Lines resident Vandana Pahwa attended the do in a yellow-green western outfit. \"I purchased this particular dress for our Teej festivities. The dance performances were a delight to watch, as they reminded us of evergreen hits of the early Indian cinema. Several members also performed on the latest Bollywood hits which gave us a chance to shake a leg along with them,\" said Vandana.\"I loved the dress code as it went along perfectly with the season and Teej festival, which is quite close to every woman's heart,\" said Mangu Bawa, another member from Dugri.Ghumar Mandi resident Lovy said the spirit of Teej festival came alive because of the dress code. She came dressed in a green outfit. \"The old performances on Bollywood numbers added to the fun factor of our celebrations,\" she added.Kitchlu Nagar resident Amita Puniyani broke the dress code only to perform the item number \"Sheela Ki Jawani\" in a sizzling red sari. Her electric performance left many wanting to burn the dance floor even when it was time to wrap up the day.Shastri Nagar resident Bindiya Sood, who choreographed the performances, had herself dressed like Nargis to perform on the evergreen hit \"Pyar Hua Ikrar Hua\" from \"Shree 420\". \"Everyone learned their moves with a lot of effort and put up a wonderful show during our Teej celebrations,\" she said.Club president and Sarabha Nagar resident Shammi Bindra said their yellow-green dress code was an effort to emphasize on the cause of conserving environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15181047", "title": "Glowing tributes to Kargil martyrs", "text": "KANPUR: The mayor, municipal commissioner and other administrative officials paid tributes to Kargil martyrs on Thursday. India won Kargil War against Pakistan on July 26. This year it was 13th anniversary of Kargil war.Mayor Jagatveer Singh Drona hoisted flag at the Kargil Park in Mootijheel near Ashok Nagar to mark the celebrations. Municipal commissioner N K S Chauhan accompanied him. The officials also visited 'Shaheed Jawan Chauk' which was inaugurated on Independence day last year. Floral tributes were paid to the soldiers who had laid down their lives for the nation. A two-minute silence was observed to pray for the brave soldiers.The mayor said that it is a very significant occasion for the city because many warriors from here went down fighting for the nation.Kargil War, which began in May 1999, lasted more than two months. Brave soldiers like Avinash Singh Bhadauria and Captain Anuj Singh were remembered by the residents on the day.The municipal commissioner said that the government may have forgotten the Kargil War, but in military history, it will go down as a saga of unmatched bravery, grit and determination. The army responded with its characteristic steadfastness and perseverance.\"The Indian soldiers are spiritually evolved, mentally stoic and sharp, physically hardy and skilled. The army traditions are devotion to duty, sacrifice and valour,\" Chauhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15172603", "title": "Rs 1.5 lakh valuables robbed from house in Sri Ram Colony", "text": "BHOPAL: More than half a dozen unidentified armed thieves stormed the house of an insurance firm's official at Sneh Nagar in Sri Ram Colony on the outskirts of Bhopal on Misrod Road and decamped with valuables worth Rs 1.5 lakh after beating up the family members. The incident took place during the wee hours of Thursday, said police.Unidentified armed goons carrying iron rods and sharp-edged weapons barged into the house of one Shailendra, a senior officer with an insurance company. The accused allegedly beat up him and his family members. They also threatened them with dire consequences if they raise an alarm. They took away electronic gadgets including camera, mobile phones and some jewelleries, besides Rs 10,000 cash total valuing at around Rs 1.5 lakh.A case in this regard was registered with the Misrod police station.The police said one of the gang members broke open the iron grill of a window and entered the house when the family members were sleeping.He then opened the door facilitating over a dozen of his accomplices to get inside the house waiting outside. They carried out a thorough search in the entire house looking for valuables and gold, said police. When the family members woke up hearing the sounds, a few of the armed thieves surrounded to silence them.Amid the search, the accused also consumed alcohol inside the house. When they could not find much cash in the house, they picked electronic gadgets, including camera, mobile phones, some jewelleries, besides around Rs 10,000 cash valuing at around Rs 1.5 lakh.The accused locked the door from outside and escaped. The family remained locked till a security guard came, the police added.SDOP Ghanshyam Malviya said that an offence under Sections 458 (trespass) and 382 (theft after preparation made to hurt or restrain) of the IPC has been registered against the accused.The investigating officials said that a telephonic conversation of Shailendra two days back might have attracted the attention of the dacoits. He was talking about an insurance policy worth lakhs on his phone, police said. The accused might have believed that there would be a huge sum of money in house and the it prompted them to commit a dacoity.Even while searching in the house for the cash, the dacoits kept on demanding the family members Rs 20 lakh that was kept in the house, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15193037", "title": "Bangalore-based company to offer BPO jobs to rural youth", "text": "MANGALORE: To empower unemployed physically challenged youth and those in rural areas, a Bangalore-based software company is setting up Shachi Technologies, a rural BPO, at Surathkal, 16 km from the city.The company, which will start functioning from August, will provide 50 jobs exclusively for needy rural youths and physically challenged. A pass in SSLC exams is the minimum qualification required to get a job in the company. Five techies will give two months' training on computers and various skill developments for selected candidates. Post-training, the candidates will work in non-voice process as data-processing executives during day shifts for a salary of Rs 6,000 with benefits like Employees State Insurance Scheme of India (ESI) and Provident Fund (PF).Shachi Technologies chairman Yatish Babu told TOI that many rural youths have not been getting jobs in cities like Bangalore due to lack of skills. The set-up in Surathkal is to provide IT jobs in rural areas and to prevent rural youths from migrating to cities in search of jobs.\"Besides unemployed rural youths and physical challenged, we will also provide jobs to poor college students, who are looking for part-time jobs,\" said Yatish, adding that salary for part-time employees will be Rs 3,500. The BPO, being eco-friendly, will use solar energy to save power. The government will provide Rs 10 lakh subsidy every year to this BPO, for its noble cause through Karnataka Biotechnology and Information Technology Services (KBITS), said Yatish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15190030", "title": "Shaad and Muzaffar Ali plan a movie on Dr Lakshmi Sehgal", "text": "SHAAD ALI and his father Muzaffar Ali are reportedly planning a film on freedom fighter and social worker Dr Lakshmi Sehgal.Saigal was the mother of Ali's first wife, Suhasini. Dr Sehgal passed away on Monday morning and both Shaad and Muzaffar Ali were with her in her last days. Talking about the film Dr Sehgal, Muzaffar Ali said, \"She was a great lady. She has left a huge void for us.\" As for the film, Muzaffar Ali stresses it is Shaad's brainchild, as he was very close to his nani. He adds, \"Some parts of the film are ready, it's a project that Shaad has been passionate about.\" A close friend of Shaad's, told us, \"Shaad had been following his nani around with a camera on each of his visits to Kanpur. So, for all you know this project could be a documentry on her life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15170505", "title": "Lakes shrink, pipes choke, houses sink in Old city", "text": "HYDERABAD: With more rains likely to lash the city in the coming days, people living in and around Balapur, located 3 km off Chandrayangutta main road, fear that the choking of water channels in the area will lead to dangerous flooding which could destroy homes and endanger lives.For the last about two decades, the scenic lands of Balapur hamlet are giving way to dense residential colonies. The transformation has taken its toll on the water bodies which became clear when the rain water entered homes and inundated low lying areas during the recent spell of rain.Omar Colony located downstream of the Gurram Cheruvu faced the wrath of lake waters last week when it rained 15 cm in 24 hours. Residents say that up to 4 feet of water entered their homes and the streets flooded. Many in the area have come to realize that constructing houses in the path of the water was not prudent.\"A culvert passes through the colony. It was narrowed to make way for houses. But now it is a gushing stream in itself and when it rains water from above and below the ground flood the colonies,\" said Mohammed Jahangir, a resident of the area. He blames the sellers of land for the plight of the residents.Officials opened the gates of the lake to allow the water levels to recede but it only made things worse for the residents of Omar Colony and Hafeez Baba Nagar. \"As water levels have reached alarming heights, the makeshift bunds are inadequate. Water diversion works have been going on for three years in Omar Colony but it is no where near completion,\" added Jahangir.Piles of debris on the banks of the lake off the narrow Balapur road highlight efforts to shrink the lake, say locals. According to them this is a continuous process whereby construction debris from nearby areas is silently dumped on the banks and months later, a building comes up. Locals estimate that the lake now measures less than 20 acres which is just about 70% of its original size.The fate of Jillelaguda Cheruvu and that of the popular Saroornagar lake are no different. The Jillelaguda Cheruvu has witnessed the development of an industrial hub in its vicinity. Though seemingly untouched, locals in Karmanghat area allege that the lake is being steadily encroached upon as inflow from the lake to their agricultural land has reduced greatly.A resident of Karmanghat said, \"Until two decades ago, much of this area was farmland. The main source of water to the fields is the Jillelaguda lake. But now, the culverts have been narrowed owing to construction, which has resulted in irregular supply to the fields. During heavy rains flooding is common.\"According to Jasveen Jairath of Save Our Urban Lakes (SOUL), Saroornagar lake is heavily encroached despite the government incurring heavy expenses on its 'conservation'. \"Several colonies including the Singareni Colony are in the full tank level of the lake. The encroachment has not abated with its extent currently being 46 acres, indicating that the government efforts including development of a bund have made little difference. Sadly, most encroachments have come up after the demarcation of the lake in the nineties, in clear violation of the 30 metre buffer zone that is mandatory for a lake of this size,\" she rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15176068", "title": "Former Bengal finance minister blames Centre for price rise", "text": "KOLKATA: Former state finance minister Asim Dasgupta on Thursday joined chief minister Mamata Banerjee to criticize in the Centre bashing for oil price hike. Dasgupta blamed the UPA II government for keeping silent on price fixation. The former finance minister, however, urged the Trinamool Congress government to emulate their decision in 2008-09 when the Left Front government scaled down the state sales tax component and eased the burden on common people.\"It may cut the additional revenue gains but will not impact the budgetary estimates. We had foregone nearly Rs 450 crore then, it was a sacrifice we made for the larger good of the people,\" Dasgupta said. Speaking to reporters at CPM's Alimuddin Street headquarters, Dasgupta said.\"Two-and-a-half years back, when I headed the empowered group of state finance ministers, we'd made an unanimous appeal to the Centre to let us know the exact price fixation method,\" he said. When asked whether he was echoing Mamata, Dasgupta said, \"We'd done it much earlier. Perhaps now they've understood its significance.\"Boring holes in Mamata's claim of a debt-ladden state, Dasgupta said, \"The state's own budgetary estimates peg the revenue target as nearly Rs one-lakh crore. If one were to reduce Rs 25,000 crore of interest burden and another Rs 41,000 crore as salaries and other expenditure, it still leaves the state with nearly Rs 34,000 crore to take care of its plan and non-plan expenditure.\"Dasgupta, however, chose to focus more on the Centre's alleged silence over the price fixation issue, \"They never informed the state's on the myriad aspects of the tax structure. Why can't they subsidize further? If they can give a Rs three-lakh crore subsidy where only the rich benefits, why will not come to the aid of common people,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15171354", "title": "Karnataka MLAs seek anticipatory bail", "text": "HYDERABAD: The two Karnataka MLAs, who are accused in the cash-for-bail scam, moved anticipatory bail petitions before the Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) court here on Thursday.Bellary (urban) MLA Gali Somasekhar Reddy and Kampli MLA T H Suresh Babu, the only accused yet to be arrested in the bail scam, moved anticipatory bail petitions before the local ACB court. ACB sleuths would be filing a counter in this regard on Friday.Earlier this week, ACB had served summons on the two MLAs asking them to appear before the investigating officer on or before Thursday. It was learnt that that as the deadline given by the ACB ended, the two MLAs, who have been unavailable to police, decided to move anticipatory bail as a last resort to prevent arrest.Meanwhile, the ruling BJP in Karnataka has issued a whip to all its legislators to be present in the Assembly from July 26 to August 2.Citing the whip, the two BJP MLAs reportedly asked the ACB for some more time to present themselves before the investigators. However, ACB sleuths said they had not received any communication from the two MLAs and any such requests would not be entertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "15178143", "title": "Sindri college counsels youth against tobacco &amp; alcohol addiction", "text": "SINDRI: More number of youth is falling prey to alcohol and gutka triggering health concern and threatening peace and tranquility in society.Addressing a workshop on 'addiction and its impact on national unity' organized under the aegis of National Service Scheme (NSS) unit of the college, Prof Devendra Kumar, principal of Sindri College elaborated in detail the effects of alcohol and Gutkha on health and said that it was pity that not only the illiterates but educated people were also getting addicted to tobacco and alcohol.Families of addicts also face a tough time, sometimes leading to bankruptcy or loss of face in society, he opined.India registers highest number of oral cancer patients due to increasing habit of chewing tobacco and gutkha and it was high time we create a social pressure on youths to do away with the ill habit, said the principal and called upon the student community to organize rally and street corner meetings in their respective colonies to counsel addicted youths against tobacco and alcohol.The youths should practice yoga, take part in social activities like agitation against corruption and keep themselves busy in positive work towards building a healthy and prosperous society, he added.R L Prasad, M K Tiwari, Vishu Meghnani, S K Singh were prominent among other teachers who addressed the workshop attended by more than 200 students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15176712", "title": "Light rain to continue for next 3 days: Met department", "text": "PUNE: The intensity of rain in the catchment areas of the four dams, which provide water to the city, reduced noticeably in the last 24 hours, ending 6 am on Thursday.Temghar, Varasgaon and Panshet dams received 21 mm, 16 mm and 14 mm rain, respectively, as against the 44 mm, 49 mm and 44 mm rain recorded in the preceding 24 hours, ending 6 am on Wednesday. Khadakwasla received 3 mm rain in the last 24 hours.However, the city woke up to a fairly sustained spell of light showers, which came as a relief from the lull in the rainfall activity in the last two days. The India Meteorological Department's (IMD) Shivajinagar observatory recorded 2.9 mm rain between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm on Thursday.The city has now received 82.2 mm rain for the season so far, starting June 1. This is still 211 mm less than the normal rain for the season till date. The overall rainfall deficiency for the city is still 72% below average rain.\"We expect the spell of light rain to continue for the next two to three days,\" IMD's deputy director general for weather forecasting Medha Khole told TOI on Thursday.She said, \"The rainfall situation in Pune district has improved marginally, from the 60% and above deficiency in the week ending on July 18, to the 58% deficiency in the week ending on July 25. The district has now moved up to the deficient category from the scanty rainfall category.\"Referring to the synoptic conditions, Khole said, \"A cyclonic circulation prevails over the north Bay of Bengal and adjoining parts of Odisha and West Bengal. An offshore trough runs through the stretch between Maharashtra coast and Lakshadweep , while the monsoon trough is located almost at its normal position.\"\"In fact, the cyclonic circulation over the north Bay of Bengal is part of the two embedded cyclonic circulations in the monsoon trough - the other one remaining over Haryana,\" she said. \"Under the influence of these systems, the monsoon will remain active for the next three to four days,\" she added.\"This will bring rain to parts of central India, including Odisha, Chhattisgarh , north Maharashtra and Gujarat, besides parts of eastern India, including south West Bengal and Jharkhand ,\" said Khole.\"In Maharashtra, there will be increase in rainfall activity in Vidarbha, Konkan and south central Maharashtra belt, between Satara and Kolhapur, while Pune will receive a few spells of light rain. Heavy rain is expected at isolated places in Konkan, while Satara, Sangli and Kolhapur will receive fairly widespread rain,\" she said.In the last 24 hours, ending 8.30 am on Thursday, Chiplun and Sangameshwar recorded 110 mm rain each, while Dapoli, Khed, Mandangad, Saange, Mahad, Poladpur, Walpoi and Kepe received rain in the range of 60 mm to 80 mm. All these places are located in the Konkan region.In central Maharashtra, the popular hill station of Mahabaleshwar in Satara district received 160 mm rain, while Shahuwadi, Radhanagari, Gaganbawada, Panhala, Chandgad, Kolhapur city, Karveer (all in Kolhapur district) recorded rainfall in the range of 50 mm to 90 mm.Since June 1, the development of a low pressure area in the Bay of Bengal, which is critical to bringing rain to Maharashtra, has occurred only once during July 20 to 22. \"However, the state did not benefit from this system,\" said Khole. \"The low pressure area was expected to move in the west north-westward direction, but it changed course because of the northerly winds and kept moving in the northwesterly direction. This resulted in good rains for Madhya Pradesh and east Rajasthan,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15164589", "title": "Why 'Chenab Gandhi' was stalled?", "text": "Chenab Gandhi, a film which was supposedly to be produced by Sanjay Leela Bhansali, was scripted keeping Harman Baweja in mind three years back. Harman's role went to John Abraham later. It was speculated that the film would also Amitabh Bachchan and Vidya Balan . Then it was rumoured in some Bollywood trade magazine that Asin was supposed to replace Vidya Balan.When Sanjay Leela Bhansali came to know about the news, he was furious. \"Why on earth will I replace Vidya with Asin?\" Sanjay had earlier told TOI. The replacements did not come to end even then. After John and Harman, it was Rajeev Khandelwal's turn. The Aamir actor was all set to venture into big budget projects with Chenab Gandhi , we hear. And then all went kaput.Sources close to Rajeev inform us that the project is shelved \"and for good.\" \"Out of 100 films only four to five films find the light of the day. Chenab Gandhi did not even reach the stage of production. We had only read the script which was very interesting. There was a rift between the director, who is Sanjay's assistant, Vibhu Puri, and Sanjay Leela Bhansali and thus the project was stalled. Otherwise, who wouldn't like to work with Sanjay Sir?\" informs the source.Rajeev, who is currently shooting in some remote island of Fiji for Aditya Dutt's Table 21 , was unavailable for comment. Chenab Gandhi was based on the life of Khan Abdul Ghaffar Khan, a freedom fighter, who was also known as Frontier Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15189543", "title": "Naan Ee re-released!", "text": "Naan Ee, directed by Rajamouli and starring Nani, Sudeep and Samantha, seems to be having a dream run at the BO.The film, which released on July 6 in more than 200 screens in Tamil Nadu , continues to run in more than 180 screens, even in its fourth week.A trade source says, \"Before its release, many had written off Naan Ee as a dubbed film (of Eega ) with no star power. But after the release, everyone unanimously praised it and wholeheartedly agreed that it's a straight Tamil film made keeping in mind the nativity and local sensitivity in mind. In the last 10 years, no movie in TN has come back into the main screens after a three- week run. Kasi theatre in Chennai has re-released the film after a gap of two weeks. In the fourth week, Santham theatre has commenced screening the film and many theatres across TN have shifted Naan Ee from small screens to large screens in its fourth week.\"Now, that's what is called a dream run!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15177787", "title": "Woman alleges mistreatment, husband commits suicide", "text": "AMRITSAR: A man slit his throat in police station here on Thursday, where his wife had come to lodge a complaint against him. Speaking later in the day, Amritsar police commissioner R P Mittal said Lakhwinder Kaur, wife of Kuldip Singh, had approached police station Verka to complain against her husband for \"maltreating\" her. \"But her husband came to know about it and he reached at police station to plead innocence. But his wife would not listen to him, following which he slit his throat with a sharp-edged weapon,\" he said. The man died soon after.Meanwhile, police have registered a case under Section 304 of IPC against Amritsar Municipal Corporation for the death of a lady architecture who died after the front wheel of her scooter rammed an open manhole. Mittal said a high powered team will hold an inquiry into the incident and punish all those responsible for the negligence of their duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15178898", "title": "Ailing Central Research Institute stops yellow fever vaccine production", "text": "SHIMLA: The only institute in the country which has been producing yellow fever vaccines for decades has stopped making the drug. Reason: A defunct machine at the prestigious Central Research Institute (CRI) at Kasauli.A snag in the machine has forced the Union government to import yellow fever vaccines for the past one year.CRI boasted of being the only manufacturer of these shots in south-east Asia since 1960. It used to produce around 60,000 vaccines annually. Apart from India, these vaccines are being made in China, Europe and the US.Between January 15, 2008 and February 2010, not a single vaccine could be manufactured as CRI's lab licence was suspended by the Union health ministry. Later, the machine developed a snag and has been rendered useless.Yellow fever vaccination has been made compulsory by many countries under WHO guidelines at international airports. It is administered by the health authorities. Each shot costs around Rs 100.Founded in 1904, CRI has been carrying out large-scale production of bacterial and viral vaccines. Earlier, the yellow fever vaccine was also being exported to many countries from Kasauli.A senior CRI official said that after production stopped at Kasauli, the Union government is now procuring the vaccines through WHO to ensure their availability at the international airports in the country.Sources said the dry section of the machine in which the vaccine was being manufactured has stopped working. To save the prepared liquid from deterioration, authorities have sent it for preservation at Bacillus Calmette-Guerin (BCG) Vaccine Laboratory, Guindy. Despite raising the issue with the Union health ministry many times, the plant has not been made functional yet.CRI director Dr Sunil Gupta said, \"We are arranging for the defective part from abroad. I had joined CRI in January and production had stopped before that.\"\"The machine has developed a snag. In India, only one company in Delhi can repair it. But problem is that the spare parts needed for it is not available in India and now we are trying to import it,\" Gupta added.On January 15, 2008, the then Union health minister A Ramadoss had suspended the licences of CRI, BCG Vaccine Laboratory and Pasteur Institute of India, Coonoor, on the grounds that they did not comply with the WHO's norms on good manufacturing practices.But the Union government exercising its powers under sub rules (3) of Rule 85 of the Drugs and Cosmetics Rules, 1945, ordered revocation of the suspension in February, 2010. These institutes have also been asked to ensure that the production line follows the WHO standards within three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15171476", "title": "Gun gang arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Guns from Bihar's Munger are being regularly smuggled into Delhi for criminal activities. Tapping one such module, the inter-state cell of the crime branch has arrested three persons, including the main gun supplier, who had contacts with several gangs in Delhi.One property dealer had recently bought a 7.65 bore pistol with two magazines from the main accused and kept the same in his bank locker, from where police has recovered it. In all, ACP Rajender Bakshi's team has recovered seven sophisticated weapons from three accused persons, besides magazines and cartridges.The arrested persons have been identified as Rajeev Kesari (26), a resident of Sant Nagar, Jitender Pal Singh (37), a resident of Ashok Vihar, and Parveen Kumar (22) from Rajpura.Additional DCP (crime branch) Bhisham Singh said cops had zeroed in on Kesari after observing that \"in the recent past, the use of fire arms during robberies was on the rise\".We zeroed in on Kesari as a prominent supplier of illicit arms and ammunition to criminals of northwest Delhi and outer Delhi. He procures these illicit weapons from Munger (Bihar) and supply them to several criminals through his network as he himself is an active criminal of Ashok Vihar area\".\"Kesari had developed links with gun running mafia of Saharsa and Munger District, Bihar and started procuring illegally manufactured weapons from there and started supplying them to criminals in Delhi at huge profit. He has already supplied some consignments,\" said Singh.Jitender Pal Singh disclosed that he had purchased the pistol, 7.65 bore with two magazines from Kesari, and kept it in his bank locker as he feared enmity with some other property dealers of the area.All the accused persons have been arrested under arms act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15181403", "title": "Food poisoning scare boosts sale of prison-made chapathis", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: There is a saying that one man's loss is another man's gain. Something similar along this line has happened to the Thiruvananthapuram Central Prison authorities. The sudden detest among the people to the fast food centres and restaurants, following latest developments seemed to have favoured the prison authorities, who are also into packed food business. The prison authorities say that there sales have soared in the past two weeks, especially after the unhygienic food recovered from the city restaurants became the headlines.\"The sale of chapathis and curry produced from the prison kitchen have recorded a 50% increase in the past two weeks. Everyone is aware of the level of hygiene we maintain while preparing food and we believe it is the same factor that boosted the sales,\" said prison superintendent B Pradeep.\"There is a huge market for ready-made food in the city, owing to the volume of labourers in the city population. The recent incidents of food poisoning to those who consumed food from city restaurants and the death of one among them have resulted in the people losing faith in those fast food joints,\" he said.According to the primary statistics provided by the superintendent, the average sale of chapathis a day has increased from 20,000 to 30,000. The volume of chicken curry sold has increased from an average of 2,000 packets a day to 3,000 packets. Similarly, the sale of vegetable kuruma has also shown a steep rise from 500 packets to over 800 packets a day.\"The newly inaugurated mobile outlets of prison food are also a factor that boosted the sales,\" the superintendent added. Two mobile outlets, at Medical College Hospital and General Hospital junctions, were inaugurated on Saturday. These outlets become an instant hit with the local people.It was in November 2011, the prison authorities started marketing the chapathis made inside the prison to the people outside. The venture was made possible by utilizing the service of the electric chapathi making unit, which was installed with the financial aid from central government, in a bid to make available hygienic food to the prisoners. The chapathis, which cost just Rs 2 each, became an instant hit with the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15179066", "title": "Dengue claims woman, toll 6", "text": "BANGALORE: Shobha Rajkumar, 35, from Jeevan Bima Nagar died on Thursday, allegedly due to dengue. Shobha was admitted to a private hospital in Indiranagar with suspected symptoms of dengue.This is sixth unconfirmed death due to the virus in Bangalore. Officials of the health and family welfare department are waiting for a report from the hospital and did not confirm that the death was due to dengue. The department has confirmed just three deaths due to dengue in Bangalore so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15178240", "title": "No end to Punjab's power woes as 3 projects to be delayed", "text": "PATIALA: There seems no end to Punjab's power woes with the three major thermal power projects being planned in the state being caught in various problems.With all the three proposed projects being delayed, Punjab's power generation will not increase in the near future. Even though, the state government claimed that work on all the three projects is progressing, sources said work has come to a grinding halt at all projects.The much-publicized Rs 15,000-crore power thermal project at Gidderbaha with a proposed capacity of around 2,640MW is yet to take off. As of now, only an MoU has been signed between the National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) and Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) for the project. Work for the plant is yet to start.In 2011, NTPC authorities had stated that they wanted to set up only two-units of 660MW each against the earlier envisaged capacity of four units of 660MW each. Another major amendment sought in the MoU by NTPC was to reduce the land acquisition for the project from 1,999.12 acres to 1,000 acres. But PSPCL authorities stated that NTPC has to stick to the terms and conditions mentioned in the MoU. With the PSPCL refusing to amend the terms and conditions of the MoU, the project is caught in the red tape now.\"NTPC wanted to set up only two units of 660MW against earlier envisaged capacity of four units of 660MW each. It's impossible. How could we change the MoU signed for four units. We told them that they will have to follow the MoU and we are waiting for their reply,\" said director generation of PSPCL G S Chhabra.\"In 2011-12, the power purchase bill of PSPCL was Rs 6,000 crore. For the year 2012-13, we have again set a budget of same Rs 6,000 crore to purchase power,\" said a PSPCL spokesperson.Another project facing the same fate is Kot Shamir thermal plant coming up near Bathinda. The memorandum of understanding for the 1,320MW coal-based project signed between PSPCL and Lanco Infratech Ltd , Hyderabad, expired a few months ago. After that, the company has not approached the PSPCL for the renewal or extension of the MoU and the project is in a limbo.\"MoU expired some months ago. But we have not received any letter from the company for any further action,\" said Chhabra. The plant was to be set up on 1200-acre land.The commissioning of the first unit (660-MW) of the Gobindpura plant, scheduled for November 2012, may also be delayed as the PSPCL is yet to sign a power purchase agreement with the Poena Power Supply Limited, which is setting up the pant.The state government had faced much criticism during the land acquisition for the project at Gobindpura village, 7km away from Mansa.\"We have not signed power purchase agreement so far. I could not say anything about it,\" said Arun Verma, director of distribution at PSPCL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15171015", "title": "University decides to recover land from employee societies", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The varsity syndicate meeting on Thursday has recommended recovery 87.85 cents of land encroached by various employee societies affiliated to political parties based on the sub-committee report. The three-member panel, which probed all the previous land allotments made by the varsity to employee societies and chairs found that both the CPM and Congress affiliated societies were illegally possessing varsity land. The committee also found that EMS Chair for Marxian Studies and Research was guilty of illegal possession of land.The meeting also witnessed sharp difference of opinion between the syndicate members and the vice-chancellor on the issue of making payments to Alphons Associates involved in the controversial architectural consultancy contract to build a new administrative block building and green sports complex on the campus.The syndicate had in May found out that due procedure were not followed in the award of the contract to the firm and had invited expression of interest to select new consultants. The firm was ranked in the bottom during the tender floated for selecting the consultancyHowever, the VC and the pro vice-chancellor maintained that the varsity should make the payments to the firm as they had already submitted the project and plan for both the sports complex and the administrative block.All the syndicate members attending the meeting opposed the suggestion following which it was decided to seek the opinion of the legal advisor on the issue. The syndicate meeting also decided to increase the seats in the degree and postgraduate courses from the next academic year onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15180867", "title": "Bad roads, CNG top drivers\u2019 excuses for refusal", "text": "MUMBAI: Getting cheated by an auto driver with tampered meters may be annoying, but more frustrating is being refused a ride, say commuters.The most common reason given for refusals during monsoon is 'bad roads' . Homemaker Supriya Banerjee said, \"Auto drivers are supposed to ferry every passenger. If the roads are slightly in bad shape (with some potholes), they can drive slowly, but can't refuse. How can we walk during the rains, with cars splashing water on pedestrians? Autos are the common man's mode of transport and the government should ensure they are available to every passenger.\" Close on its heels is the usual 'gas bharna hai' (have to fill CNG).A clever method adopted by some is keeping meters half-down . This legally means the driver is occupied and will not take any passengers. But the moment he finds a \"lucrative\" customer who wants to travel more than 10 km, he drops the meter down. This is common in areas like Andheri , Santa Cruz, Jogeshwari, Mulund check-post and Malad, commuters said.Another common excuse by drivers is that \"they had to go home/wind up for the day/ return auto to the owner.\"Some drivers pretend to be frank with passengers, saying \"they wouldn't get return fare from the destination.\" But many simply refuse commuters saying they want to answer nature's call or take a break for tea, lunch or dinner.Most annoying, said commuters , was when autos refuse to ply with just a nod of the head, \"no reasons given\". Said Hrishikesh Kulkarni, an office-goer , \"It's the worst way of refusing a passenger. They give you a blank look, hear the destination, simply nod in disagreement and turn to face another prospective commuter. It is common outside most stations on the western suburbs . The driver chooses his passenger, not vice-versa .\"Auto union leader Shashank Rao said he was against refusals. \"But if drivers are returning home after their shift, taking a break for food or to fill gas, it could be genuine. Passengers should co-operate . Only if they are convinced that drivers are wrongly refusing them should they lodge complaints with the RTO,\" he stated.Consumer rights activist Sunil Mone said refusals were rampant during monsoons and there was no other way to discipline drivers other than imposing hefty fines.Times View: Hit them where it hurtsThe RTO has now hit where it hurts. Scrapping of permits is the only language the crooks understand. But the RTOs should ensure that the guilty do not apply for and get fresh permits, as is the case with driving licences. More permits should be cancelled so that auto-rickshaw owners and drivers understand they cannot go on taking commuters for an unfair ride.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15174127", "title": "Bhanwari Devi murder accused gets bail in drugs case", "text": "MUMBAI: A special NDPS court on Thursday granted bail to Bhanwari Devi murder accused Paras Ram Bishnoi in a 2002 drug case. A son of former minister Ram Singh, Bhishnoi and also his brother are accused in the murder case.Special Judge I M Bohari granted the bail on a surety of Rs 5 lakh but the court stayed the order for four weeks as the DRI will file an appeal in Bombay high court.Allegedly absconding in the drugs case, Bishnoi was arrested and produced in the NDPS court in May. After being sent to judicial custody and given a copy of the chargesheet, he was sent back to a Jodhpur jail for the murder case.The prosecution accused Bishnoi of manufacturing and supplying Mandrax tablets, a highly addictive synthetic drug. The DRI raided Bhillara Cement Pvt Ltd in Rajasthan on April 11, 2002, and recovered packets of the drug and the devices used. Earlier, 222.69 kg of the contraband was intercepted in Vashi. Bishnoi and five others were booked under NDPS Act for their involvement in production and sale of the drug.Denying the charges, Bishnoi's lawyer Ayaz Khan said the charges seemed politically motivated. Khan argued the prosecution had no evidence to show Bishnoi was absconding. \"It is strange to believe that Bishnoi had not been arrested since 2002 when his father was a minister. His brother became an MLA in 2008 and he himself headed the Panchayat delegation.\"Khan added the prosecution was relying on the statements of co-accused, who have been acquitted, convicted or have absconded. He argued that to rely on the statement of the co-accused, the prosecution must rely on section 30 of Evidence Act. \"The section envisages that the same can be used only if the co-accused is jointly tried,\" Khan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "15174967", "title": "2 cousins drown in Kalamboli", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Two young cousins who had gone to bathe at a pond in Kalamboli village drowned on Thursday morning. Their bodies were retrieved later in the day.The Kalamboli police said Bargat Khan (20) and Shahrukh Khan (17) had gone to the pond at around 7 am but one of them started drowning. When the other cousin tried to save him, they both drowned. The police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15179350", "title": "LPG price down by Rs 6.55", "text": "BANGALORE: Here's some good news in difficult times: the price of domestic LPG cylinders is down by Rs7. Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL) has reduced the price of its domestic LPG cyclinders by Rs 6.55 in a few states, including Karnataka.The regular cylinder, which weighs 14.2kg and comes at a price of Rs 415, will now cost Rs 408. The new price is with effect from July 25, says a release by IOCL. Officials in Bangalore also confirmed the price dip. Apart from Karnataka, prices have also come down in Goa, Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, Jharkhand , Odisha, Andhra Pradesh , Madhya Pradesh, West Bengal , Tripura, Punjab and Non-Capital territories of Delhi. Of all these states, Gujarat got the highest benefit of Rs10.18 dip in price.Happy with this rare cut in price, homemakers in Bangalore expressed satisfaction and hoped the state government would reduce high sales tax and VAT on such items.\"Although Rs7 makes no big difference to my household, I need more than two cyclinders a month which will have an impact on the overall budget,\" said Rekha Ganesh, homemaker from Sanjaynagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15180315", "title": "Justice at last: Briton convicted of killing Bidve", "text": "LONDON: The Manchester crown court on Thursday found a 21-year-old guilty of killing 23-year-old Indian student Anuj Bidve in the early hours of Boxing Day last year.Kiaran Stapleton, who had shot the Indian from Pune in a desolate street in the suburbs of Manchester, was convicted after a fourweek trial. Stapleton had described himself as \"psycho\" in an earlier hearing. He will be sentenced on Friday.Subhash Bidve, Anuj's father , said his son had carried with him the hopes and dreams of the family and was the \"kindest and most genuine person on this earth\" .Media reports said the jury heard that Stapleton had a teardrop tattooed on his face two days after the shooting, which can indicate the wearer had killed someone. He said it referred not to the death of Bidve, but to his pet goldfish and refused to answer questions about it during the trial, claiming he would receive \"animal cruelty letters\" in prison.The prosecution's barrister , Brian Cummings, accused him of mocking the proceedings, which he denied . Stapleton admitted to his involvement in the killing when he pleaded guilty to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility . But his plea was rejected and the case proceeded to a murder trial.The trial was dominated by the issue of diminished responsibility, with psychological and psychiatric evidence presented to the court by various experts. The prosecution case was that Stapleton had intended to kill. Stapleton told the court he \"felt nothing\" when he realized he had killed somebody . He said his mind went blank and he turned around and ran. \"When I saw the news the next day I felt nothing .\" Nigel Eastman, a forensic psychiatrist, said he was worried as Stapleton displayed a lack of feelings, adding that he was rarely made anxious by prisoners.Lancaster University vice-chancellor said they remembered Anuj Bidve as an outstanding student and extended the university's deepest sympathies to his family for their \"terrible and lasting loss\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15177657", "title": "House panel assesses condition of villagers displaced by Bokaro Steel Plant", "text": "BOKARO: A five-member special legislative committee headed by Gomia MLA Madhavlal Singh on Thursday visited the city to assess the condition of rehabilitated villages and condition of displaced persons of Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL).The committee members visited more than half-a-dozen villages including Sangjori, Kusalbandha, Bhawanipur, Pilalgaria, Ukrid and others to ascertain the ground reality of the development claimed by the BSL.Apart from Singh, the panel comprised Dumri MLA Jaggarnath Mahto, Baghmara MLA Dullu Mahto, Barkatta MLA Amit Yadav and Chandankyari MLA Umakant Rajak. Rajak had demanded a solution to the displacement issue of BSL in the state assembly following which the committee had been formed. Singh, who is chairperson of the committee, said it would survey rehabilitated areas of BSL and compare the claims made by BSL over development in rehabilitated areas with the ground reality.\"Visiting half-a-dozen villages on Wednesday we assessed that BSL has provided false information to committee related to development of the displaced areas. The displaced persons are living in pathetic condition. None of them are happy and felt cheated by giving their lands to BSL for setting up steel plant,\" said Singh.Rajak said after visiting Sangjori and other rehabilitated villages they found that there was no electricity, roads, water, drains, community hall, playing ground etc which BSL had promised to provide them while acquiring their land. BSL claimed that it has provided these basic amenities in the area. The displaced people met the committee members and acquainted them with their problems and demands.Majority of displaced outfit have demanded return of the surplus land which was acquired by BSL but is lying unused. They also demanded reservation in Grade-IV jobs in BSL for displaced youths.\"BSL has made big promises while acquiring our lands but has given nothing,\" said Bhagwan a displaced person, who met committee members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15170553", "title": "Centre asked to clarify on CBSE authority", "text": "KOCHI: Central government should clarify whether the authority over CBSE schools is the central or state government, the Kerala high court directed on Thursday.The direction by the court was while hearing an appeal filed by the state government against a single bench's order that held the state's requirement of a minimum of 300 students and three acres of land to run CBSE schools as irrational and unreasonable.During the hearing, division bench of acting chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice A M Shaffique summoned assistant solicitor general P Parameswaran Nair to the court and directed him to get instructions from the central government and clarify whether it was the central or state government that should control CBSE schools according to Right to Education Act.In the appeal filed by additional advocate general K A Jaleel, government has highlighted that the rule requiring a no objection certificate from state government was brought in to regulate the quality, so as to prevent mushrooming of CBSE schools.According to the state government, it had been giving NOCs to CBSE schools, unlike the previous government, subject to conditions imposed for maintaining quality. However, the decision to prefer an appeal was made as the court's decision would slacken the quality norms laid out by the government.On April 20, justice T R Ramachandran Nair had held that state government's demand that CBSE schools should have a minimum of three acres of land and 300 students was irrational and unreasonable.The court had also issued a stay on state's rules stipulating three acres, 300 students, five years of experience, and UID registration for students for obtaining NOC.The court's order was while considering petitions by 15 CBSE schools challenging the rules put forward by the state government through Kerala education rules (KER) for obtaining fresh NOCs to run schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15177598", "title": "Ranchi college students complain of 'step-motherly' treatment", "text": "RANCHI: Students of Marwari College demonstrated on the institute premises alleging that seats for undergraduate courses are being filled up by students of other boards and intermediate pass outs from the college are not getting admission owing to high cut off marks. Neha, a student said, \"Second list has already come out but intermediate pass outs from Marwari College have hardly made it. Where are we supposed to go when our own college is not ready to give us admission?\"The situation is similar in almost all colleges in the city. Students of Marwari College met the vice chancellor of Ranchi University under the leadership of S Ali, chairperson of Jharkhand Students' Union to discuss the issue. The students also submitted a memorandum signed by almost 200 students to the principal of Marwari College and the vice chancellor.Ali said, \"Earlier the colleges used to give 10% concession on marks to their students at the time of admission but the rule has changed since 2010. Also, according to the admission rules of RU, girls should get 5% concession on the cut off marks. The rule was implemented in 1986 but nowadays, it is clearly not followed.\" RU vice chancellor LN Bhagat said that it was up to the discretion of college principal to give the concession.\"The principals can send me a letter if they want to give a concession to their students. In case of autonomous colleges, the principal can call a meeting of academic council and get the rule approved\", he said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15174710", "title": "Wealth erodes health, 15% rural folk are diabetic", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Big ticket car projects may have driven riches into rural Ahmedabad but all the easy wealth, mostly coming from land deals, is revving up health hazards.Already, Ahmedabad is referred to as the diabetes capital of India. The focus, however, had been on urbanites and the rural folk were considered largely immune to the silent killer.A study conducted by the Ahmedabad district panchayat in 70-odd villages in Daskroi and Dholka, however, debunks the healthy villagers theory. A staggering 15% people in these villages were found to be diabetics. This is a significant departure from prevalence of diabetes of only 5-8% in rural areas.A total 4,792 villagers were examined under the 'Diabetes barometer' project by the district health department. \"Of this, 14.86% people were diabetics. Three per cent or 144 people were detected with diabetes for the first time. What is most alarming is the fact that 12.40% suffered from pre-diabetes, who, if untreated, are likely to develop the disease in six months' time,\" said chief district health officer (CDHO) Dr Neelam Patel.In some areas, the rural diabetes scenario is worse than even the city. \"In urban Ahmedabad, the number of suspected diabetics was 10.40% while it is 12.40% in rural Ahmedabad.The number of villagers who did not know they were suffering from diabetes was also much more - 144 in villages against 39 in the city,\" said district development officer (DDO) Dr Banchanidhi Pani. Times View The high incidence of diabetes in a rural pocket of Gujarat is disturbing. The disease was hitherto considered an urban malaise resulting from stress, sedentary lifestyle and fatty food. In the changed circumstances, the government must ensure that adequate medical monitoring is available in rural areas. It is easier to manage the condition when diagnosed early. Besides, awareness campaigns will help village folk make healthier lifestyle choices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15174910", "title": "National Institute of Design to help Bhutan promote crafts, textiles", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The National Institute of Design (NID) will help Bhutan set up a museum to preserve and promote Bhutanese textiles.The Royal Textile Academy of Bhutan, which was instituted under the patronage of Bhutan's Queen Mother Ashi Sangay Choden Wangchuck, is planning to set up a textile museum. NID will offer design intervention for this museum, which is expected to be launched in June 2013.Shimul Mehta Vyas, senior designer, Faculty of Textile, Apparel &amp; Accessory Design at NID, said, \"Bhutan has sought inputs from NID for training people to make textile-based products. We will help the museum uphold Bhutan's 13 traditional crafts, mainly cane, bamboo, woodwork and textiles.\"A proposal for the same has been sent by Bhutan through the ministry of external affairs. To begin with, NID will conduct workshops on weaving and natural dyeing. The institute will also teach artisans and craftsmen in Bhutan how to add value to textiles and convert them into accessories.Agency for Promotion of Indigenous Crafts (APIC) in Bhutan is also keen to create a brand identity for itself through NID. \"NID will incorporate whatever is of culture significance to Bhutan into the textile museum. There will be several design-input oriented workshops that will focus on helping people develop the traditional crafts of Bhutan,\" Vyas added.The museum will also set up a store for textiles and accessories. NID will create accessories made out of textiles for the store.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15178623", "title": "Dakshina Kannada for time-bound implementation", "text": "MANGALORE: The Dakshina Kannada district administration is committed to time-bound implementation of all development schemes for Belthangady taluk announced at Jana Samparka Sabha held at Kolli recently. As announced, the district administration has appointed 13 locals as teachers in schools, said DC N S Channappa Gowda. DK District police took the lead in organizing the sabha in Kolli, a village with naxal presence.DC Gowda, who took stock of the situation at a meeting with departmental heads on Thursday, said action will be initiated against those who neglect their duties for the development of naxal-affected regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15176633", "title": "Fishing boat capsizes off Benaulim", "text": "MARGAO: Lifeguard services provided by the department of tourism were called upon to carry out a multiple rescue operation on Thursday at Benaulim after a fishing boat with 12 crew members ventured out to the sea and capsized.The incident report stated that lifeguards were continuously observing the boat that had left at 7.20am when they saw it suddenly capsize when it was hit by a huge wave about 200m from the shore.Nine crew members were secured by the lifeguards on jet-ski boats and brought to shore while three managed to swim to safety. No injuries were reported. But as two victims Santan Fernandes and Menino Fernandes had shallow breathing, they were shifted to Hospicio hospital, Margao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15178767", "title": "Cop caught stealing, suspended", "text": "MOHALI: The district police have suspended constable Sandeep Singh of PCR wing, who was caught stealing a cellphone from a shop in Sector 41, Chandigarh, on Thursday.Constable Sandeep Singh was caught red-handed on July 24. Singh has been arrested and sent to judicial custody for 14 days. Police said Sandeep's suspension orders were issued. Sources said Sandeep had been caught in a similar kind of incident in Mohali and is still facing a departmental probe in this regard.Earlier, a police inspector with PCR wing, Mohali, Inspector Atul Soni, was arrested for possessing ammunition without valid documents and permission at Indira Gandhi International Airport, Delhi, on June 12. A case against Inspector Soni was registered by Delhi police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15170849", "title": "Father gets life sentence in Paravoor case", "text": "KOCHI: Ernakulam sessions court on Thursday sentenced Sudheer alias Suneer (39) to life imprisonment for raping his 14-year-old daughter and forcing her into flesh trade.He is the first accused in Paravoor sex scandal case.The judge sentenced the accused to undergo RI for life and pay a fine of Rs 50,000 under Section 376 (1) of the IPC. He was also sentenced to undergo RI for one year under Section 506 (1) of IPC and simple imprisonment for six months under Section 23 of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2000.The girl was thereafter sexually abused by 148 persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15178129", "title": "Two new courses in Xavier Institute of Tribal Education college", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Two new courses, Bachelor in Commerce,(B.Com) and Bachelor in Computer Application, (BCA) courses are being introduced in the missionary-run Xavier Institute of Tribal Education, (XITE) college in the adjoining Seraikela-Kharswan district.The two new courses will be taught in the newly-built academic building, which has all modern technological amenities, constructed at a cost of Rs1.5 crore.\"The double storied building with eight class rooms has internet facilities, LCD, multimedia among other technological support to hold classes efficiently,\" said XITE principal, Father Augustine.Founded in 2003 by Jamshedpur Jesuit Society, XITE, a business cradle, has been running three-year integrated Bachelor in Business Administration (BBA) course successfully, so far. The new courses are available for aspiring students from the academic year 2012-2013.\"About 120 students have taken admission in the introductory session and we look forward to increase in number of the students by the next session,\" said the principal.The new building will be inaugurated on August 2 by the state HRD minister Baidyanath Ram. tnnDue to lack of professional colleges in the district, XITE authorities believe their institution will attract students, particularly from the middle class, to pursue professional courses from the institution at reasonable tuition fee.The institute has recently come up with a school wing, spread over 35 acres of land to give shape to what it describes as a unique 'KG to PG' project.\"The objective behind the (KG to PG) project is to provide quality education to the students, right from LKG and thus lay a strong foundation for higher education ,\" said a school faculty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "15173939", "title": "Housewife found dead in plush Kalyan flat", "text": "KALYAN: A 26-year-old housewife was found murdered in her flat inside a plush housing complex in Dombivli (east) on Wednesday. The police also suspect that she might have been raped before being strangled with her dupatta but said only an autopsy could confirm it.Sonali Maiti's body was discovered by her husband, Lalmohan, who on returning home from work, opened the door to find her lying dead on the floor and valuables scattered all over the room. He immediately called Manpada police to their house at Lodha Heaven. Originally from West Bengal, the couple got married in November; they rented the flat after Lalmohan got a job in Taloja.Following primary investigations, the police said robbery seemed to be the motive as valuables like a laptop and camera, collectively worth Rs 31,500, were missing. But they are also probing other angles, as the jewellery in the flat were untouched. The police said the accused could have been known to the victim as there was no sign of forcible entry into the flat.According to Lalmohan, he returned home around 7.30pm. \"The husband left for work around 7.30am and came back in the evening. The murder happened in between. Lalmohan called on his wife's cellphone several times during the day, but she did not answer,\" said the police.DCP Manoj Patil, said, \"We have got some leads and hopefully, we will able to nab the culprits soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15178326", "title": "Unpaid Birsa Agriculture University staff resort to vandalism on campus", "text": "RANCHI: Birsa Agriculture University (BAU) witnessed vandalism at the university main building on Thursday following agitation by a group of Grade III and IV employees who were appointed after due process in 2011 but not being paid their salaries for the past 15 months.The employees who were appointed against vacancies announced by the university in 2008 joined their duty between April and June 2011 during the tenure of the then vice chancellor NN Pandey. It was in August 2011 that the Raj Bhavan issued a blanket ban on all forms of appointment in the university following allegations of bungling and nepotism adopted by university officials in the process of appointment. Despite the ban, OSD of the Raj Bhavan SS Rao found the university conducting interview for appointment of administrative officer in the university.Following this, Rao is learnt to have seized all the documents related to appointments made in the university which includes the papers of these 147 employees as well.The Raj Bhavan subsequently issued a letter restricting payment of salary to these 147 employees and also continued with the ban on fresh appointments of any nature. In the same letter issued by the office of chancellor of universities it was communicated that a detailed inquiry report would be submitted within 15 days.The Raj Bhavan is yet to waive the restriction on appointments and the restriction on payment of salary to these 147 employees also continues. The aggrieved employees have resorted to demonstrations and protests several times on the university campus and the office of the BAU VC has written several letters to the Raj Bhavan seeking directives for releasing payment to these employees.It was on Thursday that the employees raised slogans against the university authorities and demanded release of payment which was now held up for around 15 months. While the university administration claimed helplessness in the wake of the directive issued by the office of chancellor of universities, the employees threatened to intensify their stir in near future. Having ransacked administrative building they threatened to go on an indefinite strike from August 1 and also disrupt other functions of the university by locking the campus in case their demands were not met by that time.Officer public relation at BAU Pankaj Vatsal said since VC was out of station the university was not in a position to give any kind of assurance to the agitating employees. \"The university is in regular correspondence with the chancellor's office and we are waiting for specific direction to issue payment because the last letter received in February this year directed to maintain the status quo till further orders,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15192408", "title": "Indorean will get bicycle at least after one year", "text": "INDORE: The high profile Atal Indore City Transport Service Company Limited (AICTSCL) which give bicycles on rent to residents may took a year more.Officials feel that the magnitude of the project has increased significantly. As per an official of a department, they were earlier planning to around 1,000 bicycle but now they are thinking to expand it to 5000 around.According to the official, the project will cost around Rs 8 crore and district administration has sent a detailed proposal the union government and now they are waiting for its approval. As soon, the funds would be sanctioned, the administration will start working over the project, said an official adding that it will almost take a year when the residents will get bicycle.According to the official source, total 34 bicycle stands will be created in the entire city, so that the project could be smoothly processed. The official informed that the entire operations would be developed on PPP model. Official said that operators will run the process while the department will provide infrastructure related things.Apart from this, there is an interesting concern of officials that they want to ensure that these bicycles are not stolen, said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15176862", "title": "To let: Flat for sex", "text": "PATNA: Flat No. 301, Rambha Apartment, Rajvanshi Nagar, Patna. That's the address at which Ria (name changed) was gang-raped by four of her 'friends' of school days who also filmed the act and made it public.Owned by one Suresh Paswan, an engineer with Subernarekha project in Jamshedpur, the third-floor flat's usual occupants were Paswan's son Sushant and a domestic help, Dinesh. If neighbours are to be believed, the third-floor flat has been a safe haven for sex-starved scions who would pay rent to Sushant on hourly basis for using the premises for their sexcapades.\"Sushant would also bring new girls almost every day,\" Ravindra Singh, who has his flat on the first floor, told TOI on Thursday evening and added the spoilt brat, an engineering college dropout, would otherwise sublet the premises to his friends and acquaintances as and when they needed a place for privacy with their 'partners'.Not that the neighbours never objected to it. \"Our menfolk even approached the Shastrinagar police station twice during the past six months, but the cops asked for a written complaint which they did not give for fears that the police would harass them as well,\" a woman neighbour said and hoped the flat would no longer be used for such nefarious activities.A police team on Thursday broke open the door and searched the flat. The details of seizures made by the police from the flat could not be known immediately.\"We are looking for the domestic help who also features in the video, albeit not as a tormentor of the girl, and also Sushant,\" Patna SP (city) Jayant Kant said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15191532", "title": "Retro party in Kolkata", "text": "It was time to go retro at Nostradamus, Fortune Select Loudon, on a recent party night.Revellers shimmied to retro grooves as DJ Suparna at the console made sure that the oldies played in loop. The music was complemented by party people dressed to the nines in 80's-inspired outfits.Bright-coloured maxi dresses and bold prints,accentuated with loud makeup of the times, thus ruled the roost.We spotted this lady in a one-shoulder dress.A blood-red pout,danglers and bauble-bracelet on her wrist finished her look.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15178517", "title": "Nineteen inspectors shunted in state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: As many as 19 inspectors of different police stations in Odisha were transferred on Thursday. The transferred officers included seven inspectors of the twin city (Bhubaneswar-Cuttack) police commissionerate.The cops transferred from Bhubaneswar are Tapan Mohanty (Khandagiri police station), Priyaranjan Satapathy (Mancheswar police station), Satyajit Mishra (Kharavela Nagar police station) and Bijay Kumar Sethi (Balipatna police station), sources said.Ashutosh Mishra (Cantonment police station), N Padhi (Choudwar police station) and Sunil Nanda (Jagatpur police station) were transferred in Cuttack.The newly inducted inspectors in twin city police commissionerate are Amulya Kumar Dhar from Puri, Sanjiv Satpathy (Sambalpur), Rajendra Senapati (crime branch), Sarat Sahoo (Koraput), R N Barik (Kandhamal), Bharat Sahoo (Keonjhar) and Manoj Samant (crime branch), official sources said. Sources said another major reshuffle is also in the offing in other police stations of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15178620", "title": "State snubs Centre on bamboo rights", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government on Thursday rejected the Centre's version that transit and sale of bamboo by tribals was being denied in the state in violation of the Forest Rights Act (FRA), saying Odisha was a pioneer in transferring, collection and disposal rights for 69 minor forest produce items, including bamboo, to gram sabhas much before FRA, 2006, was promulgated.\"The village community has also been given rights over the bamboo growing in their adjoining assigned areas as per provisions of joint forest management besides entrusting the responsibility of protection and conservation of such forest,\" chief minister Naveen Patnaik said in a letter to Union tribal affairs and pnchayati raj minister V Kishore Chandra Deo. Naveen said the state SC and ST development department has since December 27, 2011, sought approval from the Union ministry of draft guidelines for facilitating harmonization of FRA with provisions of joint forest management. The approval may kindly be communicated early, he added.Naveen's missive came in response to a letter Deo had written on May 24 advising the state government to take necessary steps to allow unfettered rights of transit for sale of bamboo by gram panchayat to local buyers in tune with provisions of FRA.Deo had said forest authorities were not allowing transit permit to a gram sabha (Jamguda) in Kalahandi district to sell harvested bamboo, despite FRA giving them a claim over minor forest produce. \"The villagers have direct dependence on bamboo for a variety of uses. The villagers while collecting bamboos have to face a lot of harassment by forest officials,\" Deo had said.In his reply, Naveen said Odisha has implemented FRA in \"true letter and spirit\" and occupies the number one position in the country in terms of distribution of number of title deeds. As on June, 2012, a total of 314,719 number of titles, covering an area of 510,572 acre of forest land, were approved, he informed, adding, under community rights, 929 claims were approved covering 75,613 acre.Stating that the entire process of filing of claims till disposal is carried out in a transparent manner, Naveen said among the States affected by Left-wing extremism Odisha occupies number one position in terms of the lowest percentage of rejection against the total number of claims received by gram sabhas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15179495", "title": "Man cons disabled women, held", "text": "CHENNAI: An engineering dropout-turned-car thief and conman from Thiruvananthapuram has been arrested by the police for cheating disabled woman by 'marrying' them and decamping with their gold jewellery and other valuables.Sleuths of the police anti-dowry cell nabbed Ratheesh, 31, in Erode two weeks after he staged the latest in a series of fake marriages. Investigators said Ratheesh had earlier been convicted for car thefts in Coimbatore and had served jail time in that district for stealing vehicles.Ratheesh placed advertisements in newspapers looking for prospective brides who were physically challenged, an investigating officer said. \"He would vanish with the women's valuables within days of meeting them,\" the officer said. \"He pretended to marry his victims and abandoned them as soon as he could make away with their jewellery.\"Police said Ratheesh was arrested on Wednesday on a complaint from Suganthi of Tuticorin. \"Ratheesh had placed an advertisement in a local newspaper on April 11 and he and Suganthi had a marriage ceremony on April 25 after he negotiated with her family for 8 sovereigns of gold jewellery and various household appliances as dowry,\" the officer said. \"He took a house on rent in Ambattur and they lived together for 10 days.\"After that he began to beat up Suganthi, took all her gold jewellery and moved her to a women's hostel in Chennai. He cleaned out the house too, taking all the appliances with him, but left eight SIM cards and two debit cards in the house. Police tracked the conman to Erode and arrested him, but not before he had found another victim.\"Ratheesh posed as a car dealer and convinced a widow living in Madurai with her eight-year-old daughter to marry him,\" assistant commissioner of police, anti-dowry cell, C Shymala Devi said. \"They had a wedding function on July 11 after he took Rs 30,000 from her as dowry.\"The conman used at least eight SIM cards at any given time and three debit cards. He cheated his victims of at least Rs 60 lakh.When police questioned him about his family, Ratheesh told them that his mother died soon after he was born and his father died in an accident when he was one year old. He was brought up by his maternal uncle who helped him get into an engineering college but he dropped out after a disagreement with his uncle.\"Ratheesh decided to target physically challenged women because their parents would be happy to find a match for them and were unlikely to make a proper background check of the bridegroom,\" the investigating officer said.Ratheesh confessed to three fake marriages, but investigators believe he may have cheated eight or more women by pretending to marry them. Police have registered cases against him under IPC sections 420 (cheating), 405 (criminal breach of trust), 503 (criminal intimidation) and 494 (bigamy). A magistrate has remanded Ratheesh to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "adilabad/warangal", "code": "15171235", "title": "Rain hits normal life in Adilabad", "text": "ADILABAD/WARANGAL: Rivers, rivulets and streams in Adilabad district were overflowing following incessant rains in the upper reaches of the district, while two sisters were washed away in a flash flood at Boggulavagu in Mulugu mandal of Warangal district on Thursday.Vallepu Varalakshi, 50, and her sister Pushpavathi, 48, were crossing a bridge at Boggulavagu when a gush of water swept them away. They walked across the bridge as the water level was only 3 ft but were caught unaware by surging flood water. Farmers at nearby Sarvapur village identified the bodies, which were found floating on the water. SI P Ramesh said the bodies were shifted to the area hospital for an autopsy.Meanwhile, normal life in the eastern parts of Adilabad district was disrupted due to incessant rains.. Mandals like Sirpur, Bejjur, Bellampalli, Vemanapalli, Kotapalli and Chennur were hit badly with flood water surrounding several villages and inundating agricultural fields.A number of tribal habitations in Vemanapalli and Kotapalli mandals were marooned with river Pranahita in spate.Twenty seven villages in Vemanapalli were cut off with the rest of the world with the waters of Gollapallivagu overflowing at several places. Road link to 15 villages was snapped as the culvert between Chittapur and Nennela villages was in flood waters. Coal production in Dorli-I and II opencast mines in Kasipet mandal came to a standstill in the last two days with the rain water entering the opencast mines. Pranahitha waters gushed into Arjunagutta village in Kotapalli mandal.Meanwhile, the water level in river Godavari at Rajahmundry is rising steadily following continuous rains in Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh. Following the heavy inflows, all the 175 crest gates at the Dowleswaram barrage were lifted up to a height of 1 metre and four lakh cusecs of water was let out into sea on Thursday while another 10,100 cusecs was being let to eastern, western and central deltas of East Godavari.The water level at Dowleswaram was at 10.9 feet and once it crosses 11.75 ft, the irrigation authorities would issue warning signal number one. The water level is likely to rise further in next 4-5 days considering the torrential rain in Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh. The swollen Godavari is a cause of concern to the people living in the flood-prone areas in Warangal, Adilabad and Khammam districts. The water level of the Godavari at Bhadrachalam is at 31.3 feet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "15186363", "title": "16 Amarnath pilgrims killed in road accident in Jammu and Kashmir", "text": "JAMMU: Sixteen Amarnath pilgrims were killed and 16 others injured when a truck carrying them plunged into a deep gorge in Samba district of Jammu and Kashmir late on Thursday night.The truck carrying 34 pilgrims, who were engaged in setting a community kitchen at Amarnath, was returning back when it skidded off the road and rolled down deep into the gorge near Zamoorha Morh in Mansar belt of Samba district, about 50 kilometres from Jammu city at 2330 hours on Thursday night, police said.After getting information, police, Army and BSF rushed to the spot.16 injured pilgrims were rushed to the Government Medical College in Jammu.Police said 9 pilgrims died on the spot and seven others succumbed to their injuries on the way to the hospital.Two other pilgrims on the vehicle who sustained minor injuries were discharged after first-aid.This was second major accident involving Amarnath yatris in Jammu region this month. 15 pilgrims were killed when a SRTC bus bringing them back from the yatra had rolled down into a gorge near Ramban on Jammu-Srinagar National Highway on the night of July 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram/kochi", "code": "15170671", "title": "VS Achuthanandan on complaint mode yet again", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM/KOCHI: The truce in the CPM seems to be temporary and in all likelihood will be the lull before the storm. Hurt by stringent criticism levelled in the resolution presented in the state committee by the central leadership, VS formally lodged a complaint with Politburo members.Sources close to VS told TOI that the veteran leader sent a letter on Thursday to all PB members to convey his opposition to certain comments in the central committee and the decision to publish the resolution verbatim in party mouthpiece 'Desabhimani'.\"There seems to be some dilution in the resolution against the decision of the CC. For example, at the paragraph where TP murder case is referred to, it was said around 60 party workers were wrongly implicated by the police in the case. The decision of the CC was to find out whether anyone was really involved in the case,\" said a source.According to party insiders, the delay in announcing a commission to probe the truth regarding the TP murder has also irked VS. The CC decided to conduct an internal probe but the leadership didn't announce the commission in the state committee meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15172481", "title": "Govt sops are just not enough", "text": "JAIPUR: The financial crunch in completing the extended portion from Chandpole to Badi Chaupar has forced the state government to go in for PPP in phase-II from Sitapura to Ambabari. However, phase II is a very critical phase and all eyes are on the ways government adopts to incentives to the company involved.The total project cost (phase II) is estimated at Rs 6238 for 23 km. Out of the total cost, the state government will chip in with 20% (Rs 1200 cr) as viability gap fund (VGF). Central government will also support the project by providing 20% as VGF. The state government will also provide 35 hectares of land to the developer for a lease period of 35 years.\"We believe that after receiving the financial support of Rs. 2400 cr both from state and Centre, the developer will investment similar amount from its pocket while rest they can be obtained from banks as loan\" said the officials.However, experts believe that project will not be viable with sops the state government is offering. \"The cost of the Mumbai metro and Jaipur metro is nearly same. But developer can recover amount from passenger fare and advertisements.In Jaipur it will be just one fourth of it and so it very likely that they will face huge losses,\" added sources.Phase-I from Mansarovar to Badi Chaupar is also facing financial roadblock. Adding the rolling stock phase I is pegged at a cost Rs 3,151. But the state government is not in a position to fund the entire project and is seeking seeking Centre's help.JMRC sources claimed, if the Centre rejects the proposal, the extension work on the Metro's Phase-I is likely to face financial glitches. \"There is sufficient arrangement of funds to construct the project from Mansarovar to Chandpole. However, the state government is not in a position to fund the entire project till Badi Chaupar,\" said sources.In this regard, the state government has also started the procedure to seek financial assistance from the Central government in the form of equity for the Jaipur Metro corridor-I (Mansarovar to Badi Chaupar).A senior JMRC official said, \"On the request of JMRC, the Union ministry of urban development recently forwarded the proposal to the Planning Commission seeking its comments.The Centre will provide Rs 627 crore in the form of equity which is 20% of the project. \"However, now the state government is now planning to take loan from the Asian Development Bank (ADB).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15193146", "title": "Snehitharu has 45 characters!", "text": "Soundaraya Films 'Snehitharu' is based on one of the Mahabharatha episode and has roped in 45 artists' in the film for various characters. Earlier 'Aithalakkadi' featured 101 Kannada cinema artists.'Snehitharu' starring Vijaya Raghavendra, Srujan, Ravishanker and Tarun also has little super star Master Snehith and Pranitha in the role of actress. Darshan has made a guest appearance and Nikita Tukral has done an item number in the film.This is the debut direction of lyricist cum dialogue writer Ramnarayan. The film 'Snehitharu' is shot in just 64 days. Source: filmglitz.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15180397", "title": "Harmohan Singh Yadav cremated", "text": "KANPUR: The mortal remains of senior SP leader Harmohan Yadav were consigned to flames at Meherban Singh Ka Purwa on Thursday in the presence of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , PWD minister Shivpal Yadav and thousands of his supporters.Harmohan Singh Yadav died of cardiac arrest at his residence here on Wednesday.The body of veteran SP leader was wrapped in Tricolour and given a guard of honour. The entire Yadav family and the residents of Meherban Singh Ka Purwa condoled the death of Harmohan Singh Yadav. Scores of Samajwadi Party leaders, including Union coal minister Shriprakash Jaiswal , reached Meherban Singh Ka Purwa to pay homage to the departed soul.The SP workers raised slogans 'Chaudhary Harmohan Singh Yadav Ji Amar Rahen'. They termed him as a 'Yug Purush' and said that Harmohan lived his life for poor and downtrodden. He twice became a Rajya Sabha MP and thrice a member of Vidhan Parishad. Yadav hold several other prominent political posts.The CM reached Meherban Singh Ka Purwa with PWD minister Shivpal Singh Yadav and stood by the side of the grieving family members. Akhilesh said that Chaudhary Harmohan Singh Yadav was a great Samajwadi leader whose contributions to the society cannot be ignored. He paid floral tributes to the departed soul. SP MLAs and senior leader Surendra Mohan Agrawal and others also paid tributes.Before the body of Chaudhary Harmohan Singh Yadav was cremated in Meherban Singh Ka Purwa, 'Aantim Yatra' was taken out through the streets. The body was kept in an open truck and taken out from Kailash Vidyalok temple around Ratanlal Nagar, Barra and Saket Nagar.It was brought back to Meherban Singh Ka Purwa and cremated. A 'Samaddhi Stahal' would be raised in Meherban Singh Ka Purwa in the honour of the departed soul.Thouands of people gathered at Meherban Singh Ka Purwa and hundreds accompanied the funeral procession. Hundreds of women of Meherban Singh Ka Purwa climbed atop their houses to have a glimpse of the senior leader's funeral procession. Tight security arrangements remained in place due to arrival of the CM.Harmohan Singh Yadav is survived by his wife, four sons and grandsons. He died at the age of 91.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15175757", "title": "Minister: 3 new industrial estates", "text": "PORVORIM: Enlisting new initiatives to improve the industrial scenario in the state, industries minister Mahadev Naik said three new industrial estates-one each in Bardez, Tiswadi and Canacona-would be set up and eight others will undergo expansion.Replying in the assembly to a long discussion on demands for grants to industries department, Naik said the government also proposes to set up a gas based 250 mega watts power plant. This will bring relief to power guzzling industries in Goa and improve the industrial climate in the state, he said, referring to the laying of pipeline of natural gas from Gokak to Sancoale.Naik said industrial estates will be made industry-friendly and would be provided with facilities they currently lack. Considering vacant plots and underutilized land, he said more than 20 lakh sq m land will now be available for new investors. To improve power supply to industries, the minister suggested captive power plants and windmill turbines in industrial estates.Replying to queries raised by MLAs Michael Lobo and Vijai Sardesai, the minister said there are 381 applications for registration of scrap yards in the state and added that the government intends to shift scrap yards to industrial estates.There are apprehensions in the minds of industrial unit owners that thefts might increase after scrap yards are shifted. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that in view of the apprehensions, the government will identify plots slightly away from existing units.Naik also told the assembly that compared to the first quarter of last year, this year has seen Goa attract more industries and a 37% increin investment. He also said there is no flight of industry from Goa and that the new industrial policy would be declared within six months.Inquiry into allotment of GIDC plots to employees' relativesPorvorim: Industries minister Mahadev Naik told the assembly that an inquiry would be conducted in the allotment of plots to relatives of employees of Goa industrial development corporation (GIDC).Replying to a query by Francisco (Mickky) Pacheco on whether the government will take action against those involved in the GIDC scam, the minister said the GIDC managing director has been instructed to inquire into the matter.He also stated that the employees concerned will be asked to return the plots to GIDC, failing which they will face stringent action. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15173711", "title": "HC notice to Maharashtra DGP on activist's death", "text": "NAGPUR: A division bench of Bombay High Court, Nagpur bench, has on July 23 issued notices to the Maharashtra state director general of police (DGP) and other senior officials following a criminal writ petition filed by sister of a social activist whose death in Akola last year has been mired in controversy.Apart from the state DGP, a division bench of justices PV Hardas and ML Tahaliyani also issued notices to the state government, superintendent of police, Akola, and senior inspector of Khadane police station. They have been urged to file reply by August 6. The additional public prosecutor accepted the notices on behalf of the respondents and the state.It is learnt that petitioner Alka Aparadh, represented by advocates Amit Kumar Bhowmick, Surendra Gadling and Harshal Lingayat, filed the petition raising question about the manner in which his elder brother Nitin More, also a social activist from Mumbai, had died due to electrocution last year at his apartment in Akola. The petitioner expressed doubt in the manner in which the man had died following which the deceased's wife disposed of the property belonging to him.More's post mortem was performed in Mumbai despite the fact that he was declared dead at a hospital in Akola. The case was registered as accidental death at the police station concerned after much delay in February and only after More's sisters took up the matter with the state home minister RR Patil. The family members moved the court pointing out the irregularities in the way the case has proceeded so far. The petitioner also raised question as to how the private hospital where More's body was taken after being electrocuted did not have any relevant documents and did not report the matter to the police despite it being a medico-legal case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15179203", "title": "Discovered: A solar system that mirrors ours", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists have discovered the first exoplanetary system which has planets lined up in aligned orbits similar to those in our solar system.Researchers from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the University of California at Santa Cruz and other institutions have detected the first exoplanetary system, 10,000 light years away, with regularly aligned orbits similar to those in our solar system.At the centre of this faraway system is Kepler-30 , a star as bright and massive as the Sun.After analysing data from Nasa's Kepler space telescope, they discovered that the star much like the Sun rotates around a vertical axis and its three planets have orbits that are all in the same plane. \"In our solar system, the trajectory of the planets is parallel to the rotation of the Sun, which shows they probably formed from a spinning disc,\" says Roberto Sanchis-Ojeda , a physics graduate student at Massachusetts Institute of Technology who led the research effort.\"In this system, we show that the same thing happens,\" Sanchis-Ojeda said in a statement.Their findings, published in the journal Nature, may help explain the origins of certain farflung systems while shedding light on our own planetary neighbourhood.By measuring the timing variations of planets as they transit the star, the team derived their respective orbital configurations, and found that all three planets are aligned along the same plane.The overall planetary structure , Sanchis-Ojeda found, looks much like our solar system.Most exoplanets discovered in recent years particularly the giants known as \"hot Jupiters\" inhabit far more eccentric orbits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15177568", "title": "District badminton association re-elects S Rajan as president", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik District Badminton Association (NDBA) has re-elected S Rajan as president.Radheshyam Mundada, Dr. Sharmila Kulkarni, Dr Sucheta Bachhaav, Ashok Rajwade, Milind Joshi and Prakash Sikchi are the vice-presidents, while Anant Joshi is the secretary. He will be assisted by Sandeep Mhatre.Sameer Rahalkar will act as treasurer and the team of managing committee will have Yogesh Ekbote, Parag Ekande, Sameer Mhaskar, Parag Pawar, Chandan Jadhav, Shirish Nandurdikar and Nitin Chaudhari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15173095", "title": "Timber trader's murder: Two more accused held from Godhra", "text": "INDORE: The city police arrested two more accused in connection with the murder of a city-based timber merchant, Jasveer Singh Chhabda, at Khatiwala Tank area in May this year were arrested from Godhra railway station in Gujarat on Wednesday. With their arrest, the number of accused, who have been arrested in the case, rose to 12.Talking to reporters here on Thursday, ASP (crime branch) Manoj Rai said that the accused identified as Pawan Paradi and Kada alias Karan Singh were caught from Godhra railway station.The city police had launched a manhunt for the accused a few days after the murder of Chhabda on May 5 this year. The kingpin of the gang identified as Suraj Pardhi has already been arrested. The accused had battered Chhabda to death and seriously injured his wife before decamping with cash and jewellery worth lakhs of rupees.The police in Indore, Guna and Rajasthan had declared rewards to those who provide information on the whereabouts of Pawan and Kada. Accordingly, IGP (Indore range) Anuradha Shankar had announced Rs 15,000, the Guna police declared Rs 5,000 and Rs 2,000 by the Rajasthan police.The ASP said that the duo had been hiding in Godhra and police got the wind about them through one of their informers.Acting on the tip-off that Pawan and Kada were residing near Godhra station, the city police laid a trap and arrested them. They have been brought here for further investigation, said the ASP.Rai said these accused also involved in other crimes including in a shoot-out in which a cop and Suraj sustained injuries. Suraj was arrested in the first week of June. Police said that Kada is booked in about 10 cases in Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan while 18 cases have been registered against Pawan.The police have arrested as many as 12 accused including two women in the murder case.The incident took place on May 5 in which five of the gang members attacked Chhabda and his wife after they broke into the house in the night. They battered Chhabda and his wife with a cricket bat after tying both to the bed. Chhabda succumbed to his injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "15172067", "title": "Ulfa cadre surrenders in Dibrugarh", "text": "DIBRUGARH: A Myanmar-trained Ulfa cadre surrendered to the Army and police in Dibrugarh on Thursday.The Ulfa cadre, Mukti Moran, alias self-styled sergeant major Janu Chetia of Bormosai village in Kothalguri area of Tinsukia district, surrendered a US-made carbine, a magazine and six rounds of ammunition at the 5 Jammu and Kashmir Light Infantry (5 JAKLI) Army camp in the presence of Col Sukhbir Singh and superintendent of police (Dibrugarh) Arabinda Kalita. Colonel Singh stated that the surrendered cadre who completed his matriculation had joined the proscribed outfit in 2004.He underwent three months arms training in Myanmar. Before coming to Assam he was based at the Taga Haku general military headquarters (GMHQ) of the Ulfa in Myanmar where many top-rung military leaders of the militant outfit are believed to be present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15177122", "title": "Daily hearing of VCs'case begins in HC", "text": "PATNA: With the Supreme Court sometime back reverting the case relating to the appointment of six vice- chancellors (VCs) and four pro vice-chancellors (Pro VCs) to the Patna high court, the latter on Thursday started daily hearing the two PILs alleging illegalities in appointments made by the chancellor of universities and governor Devanand Konwar without holding consultations with the state government.A division bench comprising Chief Justice Rekha M Doshit and Justice Ahasan Amanullah heard the arguments by senior counsel Y V Giri that the appointments were illegal as the chancellor had not made consultations with the state government as required under the provisions of Patna University Act and Bihar Universities Act.Earlier, a division bench comprising Justice S K Katriar and Justice A Amanullah had on September 9, 2011, while hearing the PILs of Ram Tavakhya Singh and Jagannath Singh, issued a directive seizing the powers of the six VCs and four Pro VCs to take financial and major executive decisions. Challenging the order of the high court, the six VCs and four Pro VCs had moved the Supreme Court, which reverted the case to the HC for hearing and give its verdict within four months.The petitioners had challenged the appointment of Patna University VC Shambhu Nath Singh, B R Ambedkar Bihar University VC Bimal Kumar, Jay Prakash University VC Ram Binod Singh, B N Mandal University VC Arun Kumar, Kameshwar Singh Darbhanga Sanskrit University VC Arvind Kumar Pandey and Maulana Majharul Haque Arabic and Persian University VC Samshu Zoha.They had also challenged the appointment of Pro-VCs of B N Mandal University P K Verma (who recently resigned), Patna University J P Singh, Veer Kuer Singh University Kumaresh Prasad Singh and Maulana Majharul Haque University Sultana K Zabeen. They were appointed on August 1, 2011, by the chancellor.Y V Giri, Sunil Kumar Singh and Prabhat Kumar Singh submitted that some of the above-mentioned VCs were facing criminal cases for financial irregularities and some other illegalities.To the two PILs, an affidavit was filed by the office of the chancellor, submitting he had made prior consultation with CM Nitish Kumar before he was leaving for China. Another affidavit was filed by the principal secretary, education, that the chancellor had not made consultations with the government before appointing the six VCs and four Pro VCs.The judges remarked that even consultation with chief minister could not be deemed to be consultation with the government. The Principal Accountant General, Bihar, also filed an affidavit stating that the appointments were illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15174278", "title": "Read M&B; in Kannada, with local flavour", "text": "BANGALORE: The 'red rose of romance', the hugely popular novels from Harlequin Mills &amp; Boon, will soon be available in Kannada with a distinct local flavour. The UK-headquartered publishing house, which has entertained generations of readers with its exhilarating novels, will roll out its books in Kannada, Telugu, Tamil and Malayalam, among other Indian languages.\"We've plans to launch Indian-language editions by the year-end,\" says Manish Singh, country manager of Harlequin Mills &amp; Boon India (HMBI). \"There is a huge spike of interest in reading in Indian languages, especially in tier II and III towns, where organized bookstores have made quality books accessible to more readers.\"The publishing house is still finalizing the content \u2014 whether to translate from the English or write in Indian languages. \"Perhaps a bit of both,\" says Singh, who reveals that the company will recruit more authors from India and looking to publish titles by 5-6 Indian authors next year. So far, only three Indian authors have written M&amp;Bs.; One of the authors HMBI launched this year is Shoma Narayanan, author of 'Monsoon Wedding Fever', a homegrown title that's set to be the first M&B; written by an Indian author to be published globally.Set in Mumbai and featuring young protagonists \u2014 Riya and Dhruv \u2014 Shoma's novel follows the 2010 publication of 'The Love Asana' by Bangalore-based Milan Vohra and journalist Aastha Atray-Banan's 'His Monsoon Bride' in 2011. However, Shoma's book will be the first to be sold globally in print.All three authors won HMBI's annual writing contest, 'Passions: Aspiring Author Auditions'. What makes M&Bs; so enduringly popular even as romance novels with sexually explicit themes such as the current publishing phenomenon, Fifty Shades of Grey, sell millions of copies worldwide? \"I would compare surprise bestsellers like Fifty Shades with the summer hit movie that does unexpectedly well, while Mills &amp; Boon novels are like popular TV shows that run for decades and become household names,\" says Shoma Narayanan.\"My editor and the publishers felt the M&B; readership the world over was ready for an Indian romance novel set in contemporary times. There's a huge interest in India and people want to read about how young Indians live and love,\" says Narayanan, 37, a mother of two based in Mumbai, whose day role is that of senior vice-president with HSBC. Like Vohra, Shoma took part in an annual contest organized by Harlequin Mills &amp; Boon, the parent company, seeking submissions from new authors.Growing up reading M&Bs;, Shoma would hanker for an M&B; story with Indian characters in an Indian setting, creating scenarios and protagonists in her head. \"So when the chance came to really do it, I jumped at it,\" she says. While writing the book, she stuck as far as possible to the famous M&B; formula, and the book went through surprisingly few changes at the hands of its British editor. \"I was not asked to 'exoticize' India.Of course, I was asked to explain some of the Indian experiences, especially since my book centres around a wedding, and spend some time on cultural nuances such as the fact that parents here have a much bigger say in who young people marry than they do in the West,\" says the author, who has signed a deal to write four titles for Harlequin Mills &amp; Boon, the next one being 'Take One: Arranged Marriage'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15171490", "title": "Meghalaya govt urged to pre-empt influx from Assam", "text": "SHILLONG: With ethnic violence continuing in the neighbouring Assam, political parties and student bodies have urged the Meghalaya government to pre-empt any possible 'influx' of Bangladeshi migrants into the state. \"The government should alert the police and take all necessary steps to prevent any possible influx of refugees into Meghalaya,\" said Paul Lyngdoh, working president of the United Democratic Party, a major constituent of the Congress-led Meghalaya United Alliance government. The party has cautioned the government against any 'complacency' in view of the ongoing turmoil in Assam.On the other hand, Khasi Students Union (KSU) submitted a memorandum to home minister HDR Lyngdoh urging the government to tighten vigil at checkpoints along the inter-state border. In the wake of reports that people from the Muslim community were trying to enter Meghalaya following the communal flare-up in Assam, the KSU urged the state government to strengthen its anti-infiltration wing. \"We fear that Bangladeshis will enter the state to avoid the clash in Southern Assam,\" a student leader said. \"The government should act before it is too late. We will not allow Meghalaya to become another Assam, where the indigenous population has been reduced to a minority,\" he emphasized.Police sources said vigil has been mounted along the inter-state boundary with Assam to thwart any possible influx of riot victims into Meghalaya from the violence-hit neighbouriung state. \"We are maintaining constant vigil to ensure that no illegal Bangladeshi migrant enters the state from Assam,\" a police officer said.Meanwhile, chief minister Mukul Sangma convened an all-party meeting today to discuss the boundary row with Assam. The two neighbouring states have 12 areas of dispute along the inter-state boundary, which has often led to flare-ups including killing of four Khasi villagers at the disputed area of Langpih by Assam police personnel a few years back. At present, chief-secretarial level talks are on between the two states to resolve the boundary dispute, over which chief minister Sangma and his Assam counterpart Tarun Gogoi have also held talks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15175669", "title": "Goa slid four spots on education index", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's reputation in the education sector took a beating this month when the central advisory board on education (CABE) named it among only six states across the country where students showed poor improvement in learning levels in mathematics and environment studies even after the introduction of the Right to Education (RTE) Act, 2009.Goa received a further jolt when it slid on the national education development index released this week by the Union human resource development (HRD) ministry from last year's ninth position to 13th at the upper primary level (Class VI to VIII). At the primary level (Class I to V) too, the state's rank dropped from the earlier 11th to 12th.The ranks are drawn annually by the HRD ministry based on data gathered under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, where states are measured on parameters of access, infrastructure, quality of teachers and performance of students at the primary education level.According to the ranks announced this year, which are based on statistics collected for the year 2010-11, Goa has moved a rank up only on the parameter of infrastructure and the state's performance has suffered in the remaining three parameters.The sharpest decline was recorded in students' performance, where Goa landed at the 30th position in India compared to the 22nd last year.These results coincided with findings of the achievement survey in Class V carried out for CABE by the National Council for Educational Research and Training (NCERT) to measure performance of students in Class V after the RTE Act came into force.Minutes of the CABE meeting held earlier this month read, \"In environmental studies, 24 states/union territories have shown an improvement in learning level. There is a decline in six states/UTs, viz, Puducherry, West Bengal , Gujarat, Kerala, Jharkhand and Goa.\"Goa was also among states and union territories where students showed a drop in learning levels in mathematics. The state's students, however, fared well in case of learning levels in the languages.Goa's poor performance comes at a time when the NCERT achievement survey, which covers the period after the RTE Act has come into force, noted 'an enhancement in achievement in most states in Class V'.\"By November 2011, the number of states/UTs that had notified the state RTE Rules/adopted Central Rules had increased to 33. Only Goa remains to notify the state rules,\" the CABE meeting noted.Goa SSA project director Farell Furtado said, \"The HRD survey is based on statistics gathered during the year 2010-11, which is before my tenure. For the current academic year, we have drawn up a calendar where in-service teacher training programmes are lined up throughout the year. I have also got the salaries of SSA resource persons hiked from the centre. And these measures will definitely yield good results from the current academic year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15181600", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee may visit Bihar in Aug: CM", "text": "PATNA: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar on Thursday said the new President Pranab Mukherjee had accepted his invitation and might undertake a visit to the state after August 15.Talking to reporters here on his arrival from New Delhi, Kumar said, \"I handed him over an invitation which Pranab Mukherjee accepted. He is likely to visit Bihar to launch the state's own project-- 'Agriculture roadmap for Bihar' possibly after August 15.\" Kumar said he also met Union health and family welfare minister with whom he discussed the disease of brain fever among children in Muzaffarpur and Gaya in Bihar. He alleged that the Centre was not making available to the state vaccines to tackle brain fever and encephalitis.\"Our state health department officials have contacted the health officials in New Delhi and we will send a team to New Delhi for the purpose soon,\" Kumar said.An ordinance has come to start medical teaching in the AIIMS in Patna from this year, he said adding a separate bill was also to come in Parliament soon. \"I also discussed with Azad about giving recognition to other medical colleges.\"Azad may visit Bihar in August, Kumar said. To a question, he said Jaswant Singh was the NDA candidate for vice president and he wanted to express his gratitude to JD-U central leadership for supporting him.\"Jaswant Singh is a fit candidate for the post of vice president and NDA was united for his victory,\" Kumar said adding he also met Jaswant Singh in New Delhi this morning.On the increase in prices of petroleum products, he said its impact in the state would be ascertained. \"We will do everything to provide relief to the people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15171064", "title": "Sunil Chhetri likely to be dropped from Nehru Cup squad", "text": "PANAJI: India captain Sunil Chhetri could find himself out of the Nehru Cup squad after the Sporting Clube de Portugal striker expressed his inability to join the preparatory camp.Chhetri, through his manager, informed the All India Football Federation that he has matches to play on August 12 and 19, and his availability can be confirmed only after August 19. The Nehru Cup kicks off on August 23 and new India coach Wim Koevermans is in no mood to let anyone inside through the back door.The preparatory camp starts on August 1. \"Chhetri has said he can join the team only after August 19 which means the coach will have to include him without having a good look during the preparatory camp. Koevermans does not like the idea of including any player who does not attend the preparatory camp,\" said a senior AIFF official.Chhetri's position has, not surprisingly, not gone down well with the AIFF. AIFF general secretary Kushal Das is understood to have written to Chhetri informing the striker that the situation is \"unfortunate\" but has also made it clear that the striker cannot be accommodated without joining the preparatory camp.\"If Chhetri does not attend the camp, it could be difficult for him to represent the Indian team even for later tournaments. Koevermans is not in favour of long camps and is planning to conduct camps only as per Fifa guidelines. There will not be too many changes to the initial team he selects as well,\" said the source.It was not immediately known if Chhetri would choose his club career over the national team, but AIFF general secretary Kushal Das was hopeful of a solution. \"We are waiting for a final reply from Chhetri,\" said Das.Another star, goalkeeper Subrata Paul, who is currently attending trials with a fourth division team in Germany, has expressed his inability to attend the camp from the start. Subrata has been allowed to join the camp on August 5.Meanwhile, the national camp starting on August 1 will be held at Jaypee Greens on the outskirts of Delhi.The Federation had initially slotted the camp to be held at the Nehru Stadium in the Capital but the coach did not approve of either the facilities or the condition of the field leaving the federation to hunt for an alternate venue.Training abroad in Dubai was ruled out because of the cost factor while Koevermans did not want the team to train on the artificial turf at Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15173682", "title": "Crisis blows away but Cong camp remains despondent", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has successfully weathered the storm kicked up by a tempestuous ally, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), and the rumblings within the party given expression by way of a letter written by 40 of his MLAs. However, his supporters as well as detractors remain sore over Chavan's slow decision making and his extra-cautious approach.The visit of state Congress president Manikrao Thakre to New Delhi on Thursday, after conclusion of the state legislative session, has fuelled speculation of changes in the state cabinet and the organization structure. There are three vacancies in the state cabinet from the Congress quota, and several party leaders have been waiting for their turn. Also, several state-run corporations and organizations are headless, awaiting political appointees.However, talking to TOI, Thakre dismissed the likelihood of an immediate cabinet reshuffle. Independent party sources said changes if any in the state may take place after a reshuffle in the Central cabinet, which had been put off because of the Presidential poll.It is clear that Chavan has the blessings of the Central leadership and firmly in saddle. But just like the NCP, which wants to see him step out of the CM 'gaddi' to make life easier for them, there is no dearth of Congress MLAs who want to see his back. The letter by MLAs, written a week ago to the MPCC president and forwarded to the Centre by three score Congress MLAs, most of them from Vidarbha and Marathwada, makes this amply evident.Worried about their electoral prospects in 2014, the party MLAs said in the letter to Thakre: \"There is immense angst among people as their problems have not been resolved. Legislators are facing wrath of people in their constituencies because of slow pace of progress in developmental works.\"At least two of the MLAs from Vidarbha, Gopal Agarwal from Gondia and Vijay Wadettiwar from Chimur, who had signed the letter, said their grievances were valid and that they had aired them through party channel, the only avenue available to them. \"We only raised pending problems of our constituencies and sought urgent redress. We did not write a word against the chief minister. In fact, the letter was blown out of proportion by the media, which played into NCP hands,\" said Wadettiwar.Agarwal also said that issues like clearing new medical colleges for Gondia and Chandrapur, strengthening of statutory development boards, boosting of irrigation in the region were raised in the letter. \"We did nothing wrong and it is sad that our letter was linked with the NCP countering the Congress,\" said Agarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15181073", "title": "Heavy rainfall led to waterlogging in the Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: Short-lived heavy rainfall led the civic amenities completely out of gear on Thursday. Not only the low lying areas like Godowlia, Bazardiha, Samne ghat, Mehmoorganj witnessed heavy waterlogging but areas like Sigra, Ravindrapuri, BHU main gate, Lanka and trans-Varuna areas like Lalpur, Shivpur, Bhojubir were also found heavily waterlogged.Situation worsened in areas like Pandeypur crossing, Pahadia, Khajuri, Hukulganj where dugged and damaged, rain drenched roads restricted the vehicular movement leading to traffic chaos. While waterlogged roads and damaged roads affected the traffic movement, filth and garbage scattered near regional collection centres ( RCCs) and other areas presented a sorry picture of an overall sanitary condition of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15178698", "title": "Parliamentary panel to focus on council for better development", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The constitution of an inter-state development council having representatives from the three states of Punjab, Haryana and Himachal, besides Chandigarh on the lines of the national capital region (NCR) will be a prominent issue to be discussed at the meeting between the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Home Affairs and the UT administration.This issue is significant as the city's three neighbouring states are interlinked on issues like transportation, education and law and order. If agreed, then the feasibility and mode of implementation of the works will be discussed.The idea behind having a council is that the city and its neighbouring areas are inter-connected now and lakhs of people come to the city and return to these areas on a daily basis, so their proper development is required. Metro is one project where there is discord, but issues of rift over share of river water and construction of buildings in the periphery are other major inter-state issues.Currently, an inter-state committee of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh is there. Sources in the UT said that the inter-state development council that the parliamentary committee wants to discuss about would be on the lines of NCR and would be constituted by Parliament.It is unlikely that Punjab and Haryana would agree on the issue due to their rift on the matter of their claim on Chandigarh, sources said. \"If parliament constitutes the council then both the states will lose their claim on the city and it will not be politically beneficial for both the states,\" a UT official said.Adviser to the UT administrator, chief secretaries of Punjab and Haryana and secretary of ministry of urban development of Government of India are members of the present inter-state committee, which has been discussing development issues. The committee, however, has been constituted through an agreement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15175066", "title": "Chargesheet on benami Adarsh flats likely", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI has shifted its focus on the owners of benaami flats in Adarsh Housing Society, and the agency is trying to unearth all those who used a proxy to get an apartment. Sources said of the 103 flats in the building, 27 were benaami apartments even as suspicion abounds that there are many more such flats that belong to influential people using somebody else's name.The CBI source added that they could file a separate chargesheet in the benaami flat case. The documents, including furnished false affidavits about income, domicile and ownership, are being checked to ascertain the original owners.CBI sources said BJP's Rajya Sabha MP Ajay Sancheti, Pune-based builder Jayant Shah and two promoters of Adarsh \u2014 R C Thakur and Kanhaiyalal Gidwani \u2014 own benaami flats in the Society. Sancheti's driver, too, owns a flat in the building.Earlier this month, the agency filed chargesheet in the Adarsh scam naming former Maharashtra CM Ashok Chavan as an accused apart from seven Army officers and some bureaucrats.Chavan, who resigned as the CM after the scam surfaced in 2010, was the revenue minister during Vilasrao Deshmukh's first stint as Maharashtra CM between 1999 and 2003, when permissions were granted for the construction of Adarsh Housing Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15175089", "title": "Lucknow salutes Kargil martyrs", "text": "LUCKNOW: Students and civil society members on Thursday paid homage to the brave martyrs, who lost their lives during Kargil war. To mark the Kargil Vijay Diwas, more than 200 people from a cross-section of society took out a candle march. The march began from Hazraganj and passed through Hanuman temple, Mayfair trisection, DM house, KD Singh Babu Stadium, Parivartan Chowk and finally culminated at Shaheed Smarak.Sharing his feeling, Aditya, a student said, \"We can at least stand for the families of those brave soldiers who sacrificed their lives, so that we could live in peace. The event is only a reminder for all that someone somewhere has lost a friend, a father, a son or a brother.\" The students who took this initiative feel that the best way to spread message about the brave martyrs is by lighting a candle. \"Their immense love for the Motherland can never be forgotten. By lighting a candle, it's our way to express our sentiments,\" said Monika, a student. People were seen holding Tricolour and banners, posters with slogans written on it for the war heroes. Meanwhile, city mayor Dinesh Sharma also offered tributes at Shaheed Smarak. Appreciating their heroic deeds, Sharma said, \"The youth should draw an inspiration from the brave martyrs and should take a step forward in serving the nation. Be it the revolt of 1857 or the Kargil war, Indian soldiers have always showed courage and sacrificed their lives for their Motherland.\"After offering floral tributes to the departed souls, Sharma also honoured the family members of the soldiers who lost their life in the Kargil War. On the occasion, SP Sharma, father of Major Ritesh Sharma, Mahesh Mishra, uncle of Captain Aditya Mishra, Gopi Chandra Pandey, father of Captain Manoj Pandey, Narnarayan Jung, father of Sunil Jung and others were present. Students of Aminabad Inter College and Municipal Girls College exhibited their talents. The mayor also directed the two school authorities to rename one classroom each on Kargil martyrs.The Kargil war an armed conflict between India and Pakistan that took place between May and July 1999 in the Kargil district of Jammu &amp; Kashmir and elsewhere along the Line of Control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15179988", "title": "Mumbai got fraction of 26/7 rain this time", "text": "MUMBAI: July 26 this year was a complete contrast to that fateful day seven years ago when incessant rains and the consequent floods left a nightmarish memory in every Mumbaikar's mind.On July 26, 2005, the city received 944mm rainfall in 24 hours. This Thursday, Colaba got just 1.8mm and Santa Cruz, 0.9mm between 8.30am and 5.30pm.The current rainfall situation appears grim for Mumbai . As of Thursday, the total rainfall for Colaba and Santa Cruz was 541mm and 887.6 mm, respectively. According to the meteorological department , Colaba faces a deficit of 632mm and Santa Cruz, 346mm.\"The offshore trough over the Konkan-to-Kerala coast has become very feeble , because of which rainfall activity over the Konkan coast has weakened,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), Mumbai. \"Rainfall activity has, however, picked up in Madhya Maharashtra and Marathwada since the past three to four days because a cyclonic system is active over these areas. But Mumbai, which falls in the north Konkan region, has not been receiving much rainfall.\"In the 2005 deluge, more than 500 people were killed in the worst-ever floods to hit Mumbai, Konkan, Thane and Navi Mumbai. Most deaths \u2014273\u2014were reported from Mumbai alone. Infrastructure losses were estimated at Rs 1,000 crore, livestock at Rs 100 crore, housing at Rs 300 crore and crops at Rs 600 crore after the deluge.Varsha Tawde, a social worker who had conducted several mental health camps post floods, said the fear of disaster persisted for long. \"For the next twothree years after the 26/7 deluge, every time it rained heavily, it reminded people of the floods. In slum areas, which had lost the most number of lives, people were scared and depressed for months thereafter. The biggest problem later was the loss of important documents ,\" she said.Psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty recalls having to counsel parents whose children had died in cars. \"I had met three set of parents who had lost their children after being locked in cars. It took several sessions for the parents to come to terms with such a death,\" he said.The situation , as of now, does not seem to be encouraging for the city, which may face major water cuts if monsoon does not buck up soon. \"If a low pressure area forms over the Konkan area soon, the wind speed will start increasing, and that would bring good rainfall over the city. But, as of now, Mumbai is only likely to receive passing showers for the next two days,\" said Rajeev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15176086", "title": "Forest rights Act to extend to Goa soon", "text": "PORVORIM: The government on Thursday declared that it has \"agreed in principle\" to provide 27 % reservation for OBC (other backward classes) and that forest dwellers would be given ownership rights by December 2013.Minister for tribal welfare, Ramesh Tawadkar, told the Goa assembly on Thursday that the government is pushing for new schemes for the upliftment of tribals in the state.Replying to a long discussion on demands for grants to tribal welfare, Tawadkar said that the Forest Rights Act would be implemented in Goa. He said the act is being implemented in many states and Goa is lagging behind in giving justice to the tribals living in the forests.Stating that ground work is on for the last two months on the subject, the minister said officials were brought from Bangalore and Chattisgarh to guide the state officials for the implementation of the act. He informed the house that forest dwellers committees have been formed in four talukas and the remaining ones would be done in the next two weeks.He declared that the government would provide land rights to the forest dwellers by December 2013.\"It's a challenging task for us but we'll do it. The tribal community has full thrust in this government\" Tawadkar, himself a tribal leader, said.He said for the first time in the history of Goa, the budgetary allocation for the upliftment of scheduled tribes is around 370 crore. For the tribal welfare itself, it has gone up from 25 crore to 170 crore. For tribal welfare, other departments will have around 200 crore. \"I assure the house that we will utilize the entire amount for the welfare of tribals\", he said.The focus, the minister said, would be on education and health of the tribal people. He said that next month, the department will come out with several schemes for scheduled tribes. The government, he said, intends to provide 100% grants for education of tribal children right upto higher education and also for housing if the annual income is less than 2 lakh per annum.Social welfare minister Mahadev Naik said that the government has agreed in principle to provide 27 % reservation for OBCs in the state. Currently it is 19 %. The reservation will be for government jobs and also admission in education institutions. He said that the implementation will be only after the caste census is completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15174279", "title": "Maharashtra Navnirman Sena activist dies in mishap", "text": "Wardha: A Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) activist Mangesh Tipale died and six others were injured when the SUV they were travelling in dashed a truck from behind near Seloo, 14km from Wardha, on Wednesday. The accident took place at around 9.30pm. Tipale (27) died before reaching Sewagram Hospital.Among the six injured are MNS district unit vice-president Mahendra Mahure (35) and naib tehsildar SS Deshmukh (50) of Seloo. Both Mahure and Deshmukh have been admitted to a hospital in Nagpur. Four other injured persons have been admitted to Sewagram Hospital.Truck driver Anil Thakur (37) registered a complaint with Seloo police that the Scorpio dashed his truck from behind.BSP protest statue beheading issueWardha: District unit of Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) organized a march to protest the Mayawati statute beheading issue on Thursday. Former Uttar Pradesh chief minister and BSP supremo Mayawati's statue was beheaded by Maharashtra Navnirman Sena activists in Lucknow. In Wardha, the BSP activists held a procession and disrupted traffic for hours near BSP office on Sewagram road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15178253", "title": "Congress, JD(S) lock horns over Cincinnati pact", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore City Corporation (MCC)'s pact with Cincinnati, a global business centre in the US, has run into controversy splitting the ruling Congress-JD(S) combine.MP H Vishwanath, a Congress leader, who visited the US city in July second week, signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Cincinnati mayor Mark Mallory, to have economical and cultural exchange between the two cities.The argument of the JD(S), which is sharing power with the Congress at the civic body, that the MP has no authority to ink the pact has led to a war of words between the coalition partners. According to former mayor B K Prakash, the MP visited the US city as part of Cincinnati's international Sister City programme and signed the pact an important step towards mutual understanding between the urban centres. Mysore is the eight sister city of Cincinnati. The MP visited the US at the last minute on an invitation from Indian ambassador in the US Nirupama Rao as the state government denied permission to send corporation commissioner M R Ravi, he %explained.Prakash countered the argument of JD(S) leader T Devaraju, who stated that the MoU is invalid, saying that the MP is the member of the council and represents three constituencies in the city.Social activist Bhamy V Shenoy, who helped the two cities to have the tie-up, said the controversy is uncalled for and blamed the JD(S) for politicizing the issue.\"The MP took part in the event and saved us from embarrassment. But for the MP, there would have been none to represent the city. It would have been a disaster for all those who have been working on the project since %2009,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15173460", "title": "Kidnapped bizman rescued from UP", "text": "JAIPUR: A businessman of Nayapura area in Kota district was rescued from Bulandshahr district in Uttar Pradesh about a week after he was kidnapped by three men. Police claimed the kidnappers were demanding a ransom of Rs 25 lakh, but no money was paid. One of the kidnappers was arrested from Punjab on Thursday.Fifty-one-year-old Nishan Singh, a real estate dealer, reportedly went missing on July 18. The family got a call from kidnappers on Saturday asking for the money to release him. Singh had gone to show a piece of land to three persons at the Shahbad area in Baran district on July 18 but didn't return.\"Primary investigations suggested that one Govind Singh (40) along with two others -- Kala and Sukhbindar Singh -- had visited the victim's family on July 17. The next day, the trio took Nishan to Shahbad village in Baran district on the pretext of looking at some property,\" Sitaram Mahich, DySP, Kota Central told TOI on Thursday.Nishan's brother-in-law Gurdeep Singh, based in a village in Punjab, received a ransom call where kidnappers demanded Rs 25 lakh to release him, police said.\"After Nishan's wife Maninder Kaur registered an FIR on July 20, an investigation was launched. The teams were rushed to Punjab, Haryana and UP in search of kidnappers. It came up on the basis of mobile call locations that the kidnappers might be hiding in UP,\" said the officer.He added that the police identified the house in Chhitari police station area where Nishan Singh was being kept hostage. \"We found him though the kidnappers managed to escape from the spot,\" said the officer.The officer said that Sukhbindar Singh was traced in Punjab and arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15171530", "title": "Vishwa Hindu Parishad demands sealing of Indo-Bangla border", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) on Thursday took out a protest rally here to demand immediate sealing of India-Bangladesh border to prevent the entry of illegal immigrants in the wake of the ethnic clash between Bodos and Muslims in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) area. The VHP also demanded that state governor JB Patnaik hand over administrative control of the BTC, Dhubri and Bongaigaon districts to the Army.Besides, VHP leaders sought a ban on the All BTC Muslim Students Union (ABMSU). Hundreds of activists from the saffron brigand took out a rally from Latasil field to Raj Bhawan, where they submitted a memorandum to the governor. Members of the Hindu group, under the aegis of Subash Goel, a central VHP leader, visited the affected areas and also met BTC chief Hagrama Mohilary.\"We took out a protest rally and submitted a memorandum to the governor asking immediate steps be taken to control the ethnic clashes. The BTC area should be handed over to the Indian Army. We have also stated that the international border between India and Bangladesh should be sealed to prevent the entry of illegal immigrants. We want a ban to be imposed upon ABMSU and its activities as well. Besides, we also want the number of relief camps to be increased and sufficient food, water and other important amenities in the affected areas,\" said Abhijit Deka, general secretary, VHP, Uttar Purva Prant.On Thursday, BJP national general secretary Vijay Goel continued his tirade against the Congress government in Assam for not taking effective measures to curb the ethnic strife. A second team under him visited the affected areas in Kokrajhar, Gosigaon, Masurmari and nearby places.\"Chief minister Tarun Gogoi, who is in charge of home affairs, could have taken proper measures, but he overlooked the intelligence reports and didn't act on them. The violence could have been stopped. The problem is not new. Until the problem is tackled properly, ethnic violence such as this would continue. We visited some relief camps and found that the security is inadequate, which puts the inmates' lives at stake. Compensation must be provided to the victims,\" said Goel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15178901", "title": "Interactive programme on hepatitis in Regional Science City", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Regional Science City in collaboration with HOPE (Health Oriented Programmes And Education) is organising an interactive programme on the occasion of World Hepatitis Day on July 27. The programme will be an excellent opportunity for all participants to get authentic information about the disease Hepatitis, which is swelling and inflammation of the liver. It is not a condition, but is often used to refer to a viral infection of the liver.Mobile I-T vans: The Income-Tax (I-T) department, in order to reach out to taxpayers in different corners of the city, flagged off a mobile van. DK Singh, chief commissioner of I-T flagged off the van on Thursday from the Aaykar bhawan, the office of the I-T department.Committee re-constituted: The complaints committee, set up to provide redressal to the women working in the secretariat, in cases of complaints of mental and sexual harassment at work place, has been re-constituted. The committee was set up on June 24, 2008 to act on the complaints received from women employees.RIMC entrance exam: The entrance exam for the academic session July 2013 of Rashtriya Indian Military College, Dehradun will be held on December 1 and 2, 2012 at Jubilee inter college for students of Uttar Pradesh willing to take admission in the college. UP has only three seats in the college.Process made manual: The process to issue licenses and registration to traders dealing in business of food items will also be manual as well as online. Sanjiv Agrawal, principal secretary, medical and health department, has ordered due to the problems faced in online process.Awadh Sandhya: A cultural programme titled 'Awadh Sandhya' would be held at Sant Gadgeji Maharaj auditorium of Sangeet Natak Akademi on Friday. A play titled 'Arrey Shareef log' would also be staged on this occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15176323", "title": "Ban MLAs from heading sports bodies: Vijai Sardesai", "text": "PORVORIM: The Goa government should bring legislation in this assembly session to ban elected representatives from heading any sports organization in the state, Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai said while speaking on sports demands.He also said that there should be no politicization of sports organizations for the future of sports. \"The government move a legislation in the same session banning elected representative from heading any sports organization,\" Sardesai said. \"I am heading the wrestling federation and I will resign first as the president of the federation,\" he added.Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco pointed out that there is no sufficient representation given to football lovers in South Goa on the Goa football development council.\"Most of the members are from North Goa when most of professional football teams are from the south, hence South Goa people should be given more representation on the council,\" said Pacheco.Bicholim MLA Naresh Sawal said, \"As per the government answer, there is no single ground taken up by the sports department in Bicholim, and I demand that the government should come up with a sports complex immediately for Bicholkars.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15175868", "title": "Jagachha rape: On-duty police officer suspended", "text": "KOLKATA: Howrah city police commissioner Ajey Ranade on Thursday suspended police officer Nirmalendu Ghosh, who was on duty at Jagachha police station on Wednesday morning, for not registering the rape complaint and not informing his superior on this grave issue.Deputy commissioner (detective department) Akhilesh Chaturvedi visited Jagachha police station to look into the matter. \"We are inquiring into the incident. We have initiated a rape case against an unknown person. One person has already been held for interrogation,\" Chaturvedi said.Meanwhile, the hospital sources said that the clothes of the victim and swab sample collected from the body of the victim have been sent for forensic tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "sankosh bridge (assam-bengal border)", "code": "15176334", "title": "Assam violence: Host dilemma over refugee flow", "text": "SANKOSH BRIDGE (ASSAM-BENGAL BORDER): In a small room, they are huddling like cattle. Most of them last had food a day ago. They have no second piece of cloth except what they are wearing. Some of them, mainly elderly and children are drowsy in the humid and hot afternoon. Ethnic violence raged in Assam left all of them homeless.Middle aged Aflima Biwi, still trembles, describing how she managed to flee three days back. She hails from Bhomrabil village of violence hit Kokrajhar district in Assam. The village is bordering to Bengal.\"It was last Thursday that we first felt the situation getting tense. There were reports on stray violence in the neighbouring area. But we stayed put, hoping the violence would die down and the situation improve. But that didn't happen. It escalated, forcing use to flee,\" said Aflima, who left home fearing danger to life on Saturday.\"It was pitch dark outside. Hours after sunset, we heard howls in nearby field. We suspected something was terribly wrong. The threat seemed imminent. Even as we were packing the valuables and contemplating leaving the next morning, bullets began raining down on the village. Some of them hit the mud walls, one ricocheted off a window. We had no other option but to flee. Taking my four sons, I started running towards the west. We hoped to somehow reach the border and cross over to Bengal. But the miscreants spotted us and began firing. We dived into a ditch and hid under a culvert. After they left, we began running again,\" recounted Aflima.She is now putting up in Khamir Ali Miya's house along with 70 other refugees in Najrina situated on the western bank of Sankosh. Moments after she had crossed the river that dreadful night, she spotted yellow flames in the distant. \"The flames began to spread till it engulfed the entire village. I knew all the houses were burned down,\" she said.Aflima, Najira and Najimul are among many who have managed to flee with their lives but do not know what to do next. Host Khamir Ali is also in a dilemma. Khamir, a daily wage earner, could not refuse when people sought shelter. But he is now finding it difficult to feed so many mouths.\"My sister-in-law and her family were among the first lot who fled from Assam and arrived here. Since then, more have come and still others are trickling in. I want to give shelter to everyone but what do I do about food? It's a tough situation and I may have to turn some of them away,\" said Khamir.The other houses in the village are similarly crowded with refugees. \"In the past three days, thousands of people fled the villages and came to Bengal,\" said Ajijul Molla, a resident of Gokulkanta village of Kokrajhar.Initially, they took refuge in schools and flood shelters. But then they were turned out. \"The West Bengal administration did not allow us to stay there. Since then we have had to take refuge in different houses,\" said Mujibar Khan of Palashkuri village, who is lucky to survive a bullet that missed him by a whisker.With host homes finding it difficult to sustain the additional burden, the only solution is that the refugees return to Assam and take shelter in relief camps. But that can happen only when peace returns. As of now, there is no such reassuring news. The trauma and fear is so vivid that none will attempt to return unless forced. From Baksirhaat to Barobisha, all minority villages are full of refugees.The district administration of Jalpaiguri and Cooch Behar denied driving violence-hit refugees out of schools and flood shelters. \"We have no designated relief camps and a majority of people are now staying in their relative's houses. We are sending relief material to them,\" said Jalpaiguri district magistrate Smaraki Mahapatra.On Wednesday, thousand of trucks were spotted stationed on the western bank of Sankosh bridge along the National Highway that leads to Assam. The river which flows down from Bhutan acts as a natural border between Assam and Bengal. While the eastern bank of the river is singed by the ethnic clashes, the western bank is a picture of restive calm.\"Banchte jodi chao, tobe Sankosh par how (If you want to survive, cross the Sankosh river,\" seemed to be the buzzword in the bordering areas of Kokrajhar.Like Jalpaiguri district administration, Cooch Behar district administration also claimed they had extended all support to people who have taken shelter in Bengal. But elderly Mohammad Mahifujddin feels administration is avoiding them as do hundreds of others.\"Local traders had initially provided some food but now no one is around now,\" said Mahifujddin, who lost everything in the ethnic clashes. This is the second time it has happened to him in 20 years. \"In 1996, a similar violence rocked Bodoland. Then Santhals were target and more than a lakh people had fled by crossing Sankosh. Locals in Bengal villages had given us food and shelter,\" recalled the elderly man, whose house was burned down for second time. \"I left my ancestral house in Dhuburi district after Bhrahmmaputra river had devoured the entire village. I started from scratch in Padmabil village of Kokrajhar. Only to be homeless again,\" Mahifujddin sobbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "tada (nellore)", "code": "15176958", "title": "Man kills three passengers in Andhra Pradesh bus to Chennai", "text": "TADA (NELLORE): An unidentified man went on a killing spree in an Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) bus going to Chennai from Bhadrachalamin the early hours of Thursday, before managing to jump off the bus under the cover of darkness. Three passengers died on the spot and one was seriously injured. The incident took place on the outskirts of Tada town in Nellore district around 4am.The victims were fast asleep when the assailant slit the throat of a passenger and stabbed two others on their chest. Sources said the killer boarded the bus around midnight. There was no conductor on board. The suspect was said to be wearing a red shirt and black trousers and was of small build.There were 24 passengers travelling on the luxury bus.\"The identification of the assailant and the motive behind the attack is yet to be established. Teams are on the lookout for the accused,\" police sources said.Nellore SP Ramana Kumar said the police would soon nab the killer.Around 10 teams have been formed to nab the killer. Police teams from Kollam in Kerala have also been called in.Driver Sammaiah said the attacker struck when the passengers were sleeping and managed to jump off even as the bus was travelling at a good speed. He told the police that the assailant fled with the blood-stained knife around 4.15 am at Aarambakam village, around 110km from Nellore.\"He sat like any other passenger till he resorted to the mayhem,\" Sammaiah said. \"He took out the sharp knife and slit the neck of a passenger, who was sitting next to him. He then attacked two other passengers,\" the driver said.On hearing their shrieks, one of the commuters tried to catch hold of the assailant who, however, overpowered him and attacked him also. Most of the passengers, who were in deep sleep, woke up and were terrified to witness the mayhem inside the bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "indira nagar", "code": "15179051", "title": "Iftaar brings neighbours, friends to Dr Siraj-ud-Din Bali\u2019s house", "text": "INDIRA NAGAR: As the sun goes down, prayers fill the air at Dr Siraj-ud-Din Bali's house. Surrounded by family and friends , the doctor breaks his day-long fast during Iftaar (evening meal). His son Muhammad Haroon and nephew Rizwan, both physiotherapy students, serve about a dozen guests 'khajur' (dates), 'sharbat' and 'roti' with 'keema' before they take off for evening prayers to the mosque.This has been the doctor's evening routine ever since the holy month started. \"Ramzan is very special for Muslims as it brings Allah's blessings and also washes away our sins. It also helps discipline one's life and purify the body and soul,\" he says.\"The day starts with Sehri, the morning meal and ends with Iftaar. I always want to make it special and invite neighbours for breaking the fast and also praying in the mosque that I have constructed at my hospital,\" says the doctor.Hosting the Iftaar at his uncle Dr Siraj-ud-Din Bali's house, Rizwan says they receive at least a dozen guests every day. \"We offer them 'khajur' first as they are considered pious as Prophet Mohammed also used to break the fast with it,\" he adds. Bali's wife Balqees Begum loves to cook delicious cuisine during Ramzan and his four children serve the guests in the best manner possible.Businessmen Muhammad Israfeel, Muhammad Shahid, Muhammad Mujahid and Tarseem Ali, and Imam L Rehmani praise the hospitality extended by the doctor's family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15174608", "title": "Beaten by D G Vanzara, Rajkumar Pandian moves court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Suspended IPS officer Rajkumar Pandian - an accused in the Sohrabuddin Shaikh fake encounter case - has complained that he was bashed up by a co-accused, former DIG D G Vanzara, in the Sabarmati jail.The special court dealing with the case has asked for a clarification from the jail superintendent and Ranip police officials. Relations between the two accused cops reportedly worsened after Pandian sought information from jail authorities under RTI laws on the 'VIP' treatment given to Vanzara.According to Pandian's complaint, a scuffle broke out between him and Vanzara on July 22. The spat led to a physical fight prompting jail officials to intervene Pandian requested jail officials to permit him to file an FIR with the Ranip police. But he was allegedly not allowed to do so. Instead, Pandian was shifted to Das Kholi, where the other co-accused from Rajasthan police were shifted two months ago. Before the punch-up, the two cops had been lodged in the Sardar Yard from the time they were jailed in 2007.When jail authorities did not call the police, Pandian filed a complaint before the CBI court. Pandian has urged the court to direct the police to register a complaint. Additional chief metropolitan magistrate H S Khutvad has issued a notice to the jail superintendent and Ranip police, asking them to reply on August 9.A few months ago, Vanzara had a tiff with suspended PSI Ashish Pandya, a cop from Banaskantha. Pandya had come to Ahmedabad because he had to appear in an examination. During his stay in the Sabarmati jail, he had come in contact with Vanzara. Apparently, Vanzara kept posing certain questions to the subordinate cop. Pandya became irritated and allegedly abused his senior.Earlier, a police inspector from Rajasthan, Abdul Rehman Shaikh, had also complained against Vanzara. Shaikh had felt threatened after he had consented to the CBI's plea to transfer the case outside Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15174232", "title": "National Academy of Direct Taxes's first batch of promoted IT officials completes training", "text": "NAGPUR: The government had made it mandatory for all promoted assistant commissioners (AC) of income tax to undergo special training at National Academy of Direct Taxes (NADT). The first batch to complete this training will attend its valedictory function on Friday. These 169 officials have been working with the department for almost two decades, and the promotion to AC level requires them to have new skills.Ujjwal Choudhary, who took over as director general of NADT just two weeks ago, said, \"These officials are now at the level which is the entry point for Indian Revenue Service cadre. Though they have been with us for many years, their new job profile requires better communication skills, knowledge of information technology and also more confidence while representing the department at various forums.\"The 169 trainees, of whom 18 are women , are from various parts of the country and have varied educational backgrounds. R Ravichandran, additional director general, said, \"We designed a comprehensive three-month orientation programme for these trainees, to acquaint them with the challenges they will be interacting with. The first nine weeks were spent at NADT campus, where we exposed them to fields such as cyber forensics and communication skills.\" The remaining three weeks were spent at regional training centres across the country where many were given a glimpse of the fieldwork they will be involved in.\"Ravichandran added, \"Some visited tribunal hearings and worked on current cases with our regular teams. They saw how cases were argued, how paperwork is being prepared for bigger matters etc. We also taught them how to retrieve data from computers and hack passwords when they are involved in an investigation. Data mining from a computer is an important skill, since financial records are now being kept electronically.\"He informed that every year about 200 officials are promoted to AC level, but earlier the training was not mandatory. \"We used to get hardly 40-odd people for training and hence the duration of the programme was hardly seven weeks. But then the government introduced a new National Training Policy, making training mandatory, and now we have the first batch passing out from NADT,\" said Ravichandran.NADT prepares for international training seminarCome November and NADT will play host to 40 income tax officials from a dozen countries for a special training seminar. NADT DG Ujjwal Choudhary said, \"The seminar will be on transfer pricing and exchange of information. We are also constructing international level facilities at our campus and I hope that everything should be ready before the next financial year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15175135", "title": "Antony orders probe into Bandipora killing of Kashmiri youth", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of his visit to Jammu and Kashmir during the weekend, defence minister A K Antony on Thursday ordered an inquiry into the recent killing of a youth in Bandipora district of the state.\"I have also directed the Army to take strict action if anybody is found guilty,'' said Antony. Protests have erupted in Bandipora with villagers alleging that Hilal Ahmad Dar, an innocent 19-year-old from Aloosa village, was killed in a fake encounter on Tuesday.The Army contends Dar was killed in a genuine encounter after a group of militants was challenged by a patrol, and a weapon was also seized from the site.Asked about his agenda during the visit to J&K; on July 28-29, Antony said he would review the ``latest security situation'' in J&K; with Army chief General Bikram Singh and defence secretary Shashikant Sharma. ``I will also hold talks with chief minister Omar Abdullah , the state governor and others,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15184378", "title": "Richa grooves to DSP\u2019s tunes", "text": "There has always been a special connection between romantic tunes and Ooty. Recently, the actress shot for a number alongside her Telugu hero Ravi Teja for Saar Vacharu. The actress says, \"It's a cute romantic number composed by Devi Sri Prasad.\" The actress seemed to love the locales and the song, we hear, complements it well.The Mayakkam Enna heroine, who had taken it slow with her south signings because of her Bengali debut, has now got back to signing films in Tamil and Telugu. Richa ended up missing the launch of her Tamil film Biriyani , directed by Venkat Prabhu because of this song shoot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15179399", "title": "HC, govt crack down day after Chennai girl\u2019s death on school bus", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after the shocking death of a six-year-old girl, who slipped through a hole in her school bus before being run over, an incensed Madras high court took suo motu note of the incident and summoned the school and regional transport authorities to be present in court on Friday. Hours later, the Tamil Nadu government responded by arresting the school correspondent, bus driver and the contract vehicle's owner.More importantly, motor vehicle inspector P Rajasekaran, who gave the fitness certificate to the vehicle on July 9, was placed under suspension and arrested.Shruthi, 6, a Class 2 student of Zion Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Indira Nagar, Selaiyur, slipped through a hole in the bus, and was crushed under the wheels at Mudichur, near Tambaram, on Wednesday.The school education department slapped a show-cause notice on the school, asking why its recognition should not be revoked, as one of the conditions for grant of recognition is that it should take responsibility for transportation and safety of children.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa issued a statement condoling the child's death and said strict action would be taken against those responsible for using the defective bus to transport school children. She also announced a compensation of 1 lakh for the bereaved family. The St Thomas Mount police arrested the school correspondent M Vijayan, bus driver Seeman and transport contractor Yogeswaran. They were remanded in judicial custody. They also detained the bus attendant and sent him to a juvenile home, as he was found to be a minor.On Thursday morning, the first bench of the high court comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam set the ball rolling by taking suo motu note of the child's death. It said: \"Today, a very pathetic news item has been published in almost all the newspapers, including The Times of India, about the death of a six-year-old girl student who was crushed under the wheels of the school bus after she slipped through a hole on the floor of the vehicle...The floor of the bus caved in near the sixth row, opening a wide hole through which the girl slipped before being crushed under the rear wheels of the vehicle. It is very unfortunate to see the news item that the said bus was given clearance of road worthiness just 15 days earlier by the regional transport office.\"The judges further said: \"The matter is taken suo motu notice by this court. The school authorities, the regional transport commissioner and the officers who certified the road worthiness of the said bus are directed to appear in person before this court tomorrow (Friday) at 10.30am. Advocate general A Navaneethakrishnan is directed to contact the officers concerned and ask them to be present.\"In a late evening press release, the principal secretary/transport commissioner blamed motor vehicle inspector Rajasekaran's gross failure for the loss of life, and said a case under Section 304(ii) of IPC had been registered against the official. Admitting that the fitness certificate for the contract vehicle plying as school bus was issued on July 9, it said: \"While issuing fitness certificate, he should have inspected the vehicle thoroughly as per norms. His failure to inspect led to the loss of life of a student, leading to a lot of suffering for the parents and a sense of gloom among school students.\" A detailed inquiry is to be held by the deputy transport commissioner P Vijayaraj, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15181478", "title": "17 private companies line up to clean Chennai streets", "text": "CHENNAI: Many corporates see gold in garbage. Chennai Corporation's decision to privatise garbage collection in 15 zones across the city has attracted eyeballs from India and abroad, with at least 17 companies vying for a piece of the 400crore pie. The civic body had already privatised conservancy operations in three of its zones - Adyar, Kodambakkam and Teynampet. However, the jury is still out on whether privatizing conservancy operations would mean a cleaner city.In March, the civic body had decided to invite an expression of interest from companies willing to undertake conservancy operations in the city. At least 17 companies wanted to grab contracts for part of the 400 crore annual budget to dispose the city's solid waste.Last month, the companies submitted proposals explaining their operations, technology and experience in the field to the civic body. On Thursday, the corporation council passed a resolution approving the shift to privatisation and said that though the civic body spends a huge chunk of its income on garbage operations, they don't earn anything from it in return. A private company is expected to be more efficient because they might risk losing their investments in case the civic body revokes their contract, they said.Though the corporation seemed gung-ho about their latest move, residents were not so enthused. They said private or corporate companies may not necessarily mean a cleaner neighbourhood. \"When Onyx took over, we did not have complaints. The streets were clean and our garbage was collected regularly. However, in the last five years, the situation has deteriorated rapidly,\" says Mohana Pai, a resident of Kasturibai nagar.The locality in zone 13 (Earlier located in zone 10) is probably the only area in the city that where conservancy operations were undertaken by different organizations starting from Chennai Corporation, Onyx, Neel metal Fanalca and Ramky Enviro.The corporation first experimented with privatization in 2000, when they outsourced garbage clearance in three zones-the present zone 9,10 and 13-- to Onyx Private Limited for five years. Success prompted them to continue with the decision and soon Neel Metal Fanalca and Ramky Enviro took over.Lodging complaints is also becoming an issue. \"The corporation has a proper helpline and website. Even six months after Ramky took over, we place our complaints with the civic body engineers who then give us Ramky's number,\" said Jhanvi Rao, a resident of T Nagar. While the civic body's reason behind the move is severe staff shortage, sources in the corporation say, it is a move to reduce the financial burden in the long-term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15175254", "title": "Madurai's industrial potential not fully tapped", "text": "MADURAI: Nearly 50% of the industrial potential of Madurai remains untapped and the signing of an memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the India Trade Promotion Organization (ITPO) will enhance its growth said Rita Menon, chairman and managing director, ITPO, New Delhi.Speaking at the 38th annual celebrations of the Madurai District Tiny &amp; Small Scale Industries Association (Maditissia), in Madurai on Thursday she said, \"Though industrial growth had been affected due to various reasons, the exhibition industry was growing fast and aiding its growth.\" All Industries in the small and medium sector would benefit from the MoU signed on Thursday as they could showcase their products at the domestic and international fairs conducted by ITPO, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15172100", "title": "Three Maoists arrested in Arunachal Pradesh", "text": "ITANAGAR: Security forces arrested three Maoists late on Wednesday from Kaupatani village under Mahadevpur police station of Lekang circle in Lohit district of Arunachal Pradesh in a joint operation, conducted by 12 Assam Rifles and Special Investigation Team (SIT) and the local police, was led by DSP Deepankar Mishra, officials said.The police seized demand notes and three mobile sets with seven SIM cards from the three arrested, who have been identified as Nipenjyoti Chetia (30) of Haru Dirak village, Totong Neog 18) of Barmigai village, both under Kokapathar police station of Tinsukia district in Assam and Jintu Chetai of Dhola village police station in the district.Mishra, who was part of the operation in dense forest of Lohit district disclosed that one Bitu Chakma, member of United Democratic Front of Bodoland (UDFB), was also arrested from Namsai and operation against the UG elements were still on.More disclosure is expected as sustained interrogation is on, the sources said, adding this is the second arrest of Maoists cadres from Mahadevepur after the arrest of four Maoists from the area on August 17 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15170535", "title": "HC seeks clarity on Gulf War compensation", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Thursday directed the central government to contact the United Nations Compensation Commission (UNCC) and clarify on the measures to be adopted for granting compensation for those who fled the Gulf region during the Gulf War of 1990.Justice S Siri Jagan passed the order while considering a petition by Pramila Paul of Thrissur. She and her family-husband and four children-had resided in Kuwait for 22 years when the war broke out. In their bid to escape, they left their entire savings and assets in Kuwait and went to Jordan.While fleeing from Kuwait to Jordan, her husband had suffered injuries and subsequently became bedridden.After reaching India, they learned that UNCC has set up a special division named Special Kuwait Compensation Cell to provide compensation for those who suffered losses during the war. When Pramila applied to UNCC in 1993, she was told to file the application through the central government as international claims can be processed only through governments or international organizations.She approached the high court through advocate T Rajasekharan Nair as the central government failed to respond to her repeated requests to process her claim. According to documents issued by UNCC regarding compensation for victims of Gulf War, each victim is entitled to get $1,00,000. However, when Pramila wrote to UNCC continuously, they gave her $ 2,000.In her petition, she pointed out that the amount given to her can in no way be considered as compensation going by UNCC's rules itself and it isn't sufficient to compensate for a person who lost his/her entire savings and assets due to the war.Half a dozen petitions filed by victims of Gulf War such as Pramila questioning central government's apathy in ensuring compensation are pending before the high court at present.Kochi: The Kerala High Court on Thursday directed the central government to contact the United Nations Compensation Commission (UNCC) and clarify on the measures to be adopted for granting compensation for those who fled from the Gulf region during the Gulf War of 1990.The order by Justice S Siri Jagan was while considering a petition by Pramila Paul of Thrissur. She and her family consisting of her husband and four children had been in Kuwait for 22 years when the war broke out. In their bid to escape with their lives, they left their entire savings and assets in Kuwait and went to Jordan.While fleeing from Kuwait to Jordan to escape from the war zone, her husband had suffered injuries to his body and subsequently became bedridden due to the injuries and trauma. After reaching India, they learned that UNCC has set up a special division named Special Kuwait Compensation Cell to provide compensation for those who suffered losses during the war.When Pramila applied to UNCC in 1993, she was told to file the application through the central government as international claims can be processed only through governments or international organizations.She approached the high court through advocate T Rajasekharan Nair as the central government failed to respond to her repeated requests to process her claim.According to documents issued by UNCC regarding compensation for victims of Gulf War, each victim is entitled to get USD 1,00,000. However, when Pramila wrote to the UNCC continuously, they handed down USD 2,000 to her. In her petition, she pointed out that the amount given to her can in no way be considered as compensation going by UNCC's rules itself and isn't sufficient to compensate for a person who lost entire savings and assets due to the war.Half a dozen petitions filed by victims of Gulf War such as Pramila questioning central government's apathy in ensuring compensation are pending before the high court at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15177191", "title": "Rakhi envelopes in great demand", "text": "PATNA: With 'Raksha Bandhan' approaching fast, 'rakhi special envelopes' are in great demand at various post offices these days. Within two weeks of their launch, as many as 1.11 lakh of these specially designed trendy envelopes have been sold out in the state. As a week is still left for the festival, the demand is expected to shoot up in the next two-three days.This year, Patna GPO has sold the highest number of these 'rakhi envelopes' among all post offices. It has already sold as many as 36000 of them, while Hajipur has sold 7,200 envelopes. Ara and Gopalganj post offices have sold about 5,400 envelopes each while 3,600 envelopes have been sold at Buxar.These envelopes take a maximum of four days to be delivered anywhere abroad, while in India it takes a maximum of three days. The envelopes are priced at Rs 7 each, which does not include postal charges.In a bid to give more varieties to buyers, India Post has partnered with DuPont America to develop customized envelopes for rakhi. \"These lightweight envelopes are made of a unique environment-friendly fabric. Since 'Raksha Bandhan' is celebrated in the monsoon, the envelopes have a plastic coating for protection and are also tear-resistant. These envelopes, designed and produced by DuPont Tyvek, USA, also have a smooth texture for excellent printability.Even the flat-rate-box arranged by the postal department for sending gifts on 'Raksha Bandhan' is selling in large numbers here. Till date, the department has sold around 1,300 of them. The cost of flat-rate-box for domestic delivery is Rs 125, Rs 200 and Rs 400 for one kg, two-and-a-half kg and five kg respectively, while it is Rs 1,000, Rs 1,250 and Rs 1,500 respectively for foreign destinations.\"With the introduction of these envelopes and flat-rate-boxes, we want to ensure that 'rakhis' sent by sisters and gifts sent by their brothers reach their destination in time,\" said Anil Kumar , director (marketing), India Post, Bihar.Kumar added, \"We try to deliver each envelope on time during the 'Raksha Bandhan' season as they may contain 'rakhi'. We suggest customers to use these envelopes as they are easy to carry and have added protection so that the 'rakhis' are not damaged. Their size is also bigger than regular envelopes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "najrina (assam-bengal border)", "code": "15176581", "title": "Assam violence: Riots snatch home, parents, 7-yr-old boy flees alone", "text": "NAJRINA (ASSAM-BENGAL BORDER): Three days have passed but seven-year-old Najmul hasn't uttered a word, nor has he cried in hunger like hundreds of other kids forced to leave their homes in the riot-torn districts of lower Assam.Since Tuesday, when he joined the exodus from Kokrajhar and made his way into North Bengal, Najmul has only made some guttural sounds. The boy shivers occasionally, as if tortured by an invisible beast. His dead eyes speak of intense suffering, yet his face looks stoically calm. It's the face of a boy who has lost everything - home, parents and childhood.\"A large number of armed miscreants attacked Simultapu village on Tuesday afternoon,\" said Ajima Biwi, who was part of the group that Najmul joined to escape the death trap. \"From the field, the rioters began firing on the village. Villagers fled in every direction, hoping to reach a safe place. The boy was playing on the road when the attack started.\" Tarabanu, another resident of the village, said Najmul fled on instinct. \"When we started running, he joined us too,\" she said.As bullets were aimed at them, some villagers were struck from behind and fell to the ground. Those lucky to escape injuries just ran. There was no time to tend to the injured. The fleeing villagers didn't even look behind them. They stopped only on reaching Bengal after crossing treacherous terrain, forests and streams. It was then that they noticed Najmul, all alone and sobbing. \"No one is sure what happened to Najmul's parents. Perhaps, they were lost in the melee or killed in the firing. He has been staying with us in the refugee camp,\" said Jahirul, also from Simultapu.Initially, the boy would look around frantically for his parents. \"He is scared. He often shrieks in fear. His tender heart is tortured by the nightmarish scenes,\" said Tarabanu, who has taken on the role of Najmul's guardian. His elderly neighbours could not confirm whether his parents are alive or not. \"Ekmatra Allah jane (Only god can say),\" said Surven Bewa.Babul Sheikh will not forget Wednesday evening. After dark, he and his neighbour Samsul managed to flee in two cycles. They crept out of the village, jumped on the cycles and started paddling like mad. Suddenly, the chain of Babul's cycle came off the crank arm. As he bent down to put it back into the groove. His neighbour was in his front. A bullet hit Samsul on his back. \"If I was in my cycle, then the bullet would hit me. It was my luck that I bent down and the bullet missed me,\" said Babul with a shiver.He could not save Samsul. Leaving him on the middle of the path Babul fled for his life. Tajmul and Babul might have dodged bullets, but hunger is running after them. \"We heard that Army have been deployed in the area. So we decided to venture into the village to check out the condition of homes and rescue the cattle if possible. For the cattle can fetch us some money if we sell them,\" said Jamirul.But there was no Army or paramilitary presence in the village. Once again, armed goons chased him out. \"Village after village have been razed to the ground. They are now looting our cattle,\" said Jahirul. He has started for a relief camp in Assam to arrange food for his children in a camp in Bengal. Women have begun selling silver ornament. But after that what?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "15172065", "title": "CRPF jawan kills self with service rifle", "text": "DIBRUGARH: A CRPF jawan posted at a CRPF camp at Jamira in Dibrugarh district committed suicide with his INSAS rifle at around 4.30 am on Thursday.The deceased, identified as Satyendra Prasad Sharma (42), was from the 171 CRPF battalion and was on sentry duty when the incident happened. Sources said the jawan put his service rifle under his chin and pulled the trigger. Three bullets from the automatic rifle hit him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15179681", "title": "\u2018Women advocates must have vital role in system\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Despite constituting half the world's population and performing nearly two-thirds of work hours, women receive only one-tenth of world's income and own less than 1% of world's property, lamented former Supreme Court judge and law commission of India chairman, Dr Justice AR Lakshmanan.Delivering a lecture \u2014 Role of Women in the Bench and the Bar \u2014 organized by the Women Lawyers Association as part of the Madras high court's sesquicentennial lecture series here on Thursday, Justice Lakshmanan said women judges constituted just 3% in the judiciary, and the representation of women never went beyond 8% in the Parliament. He said the judiciary should give women advocates a vital role to play in the legal system, thereby encouraging women advocates to approach courts for protection of the needy and under-privileged.He appealed to the lawyer community not to boycott courts and abstain from work for reasons unconnected to the administration of justice.Chief Justice of the Madras high court Justice M Y Eqbal, in his address, said the court had the maximum number of women judges in the country. Seven out of 54 women judges in the higher judiciary were in the Madras high court, he said, adding that the number should go up further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15174840", "title": "Five-year MBA degree out of favour with students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There was a time when HSC (general) stream students used to clamor for admission in five-year integrated MBA courses which gave them the coveted business administration degree. However, the course has fallen out of favor with the students as more than half of the seats in the BBA colleges have remained vacant this year.Of the 2,100 seats in 15 BBA colleges, 1,161 seats have remained vacant after the admission was declared closed post reshuffling.In Ahmedabad, there are only four colleges where all the seats have been filled. In the rest of colleges, 25 to 50 seats have remained vacant.In colleges outside the city, each college has 100-odd seats which have remained vacant.The admission committee has directed the college authorities to fill these seats on their own.In stark contrast, almost all the 1,500 BCA seats have been filled. Barring a BCA college in Panchmahal where 60 seats have remained vacant, rest of all colleges have all the seats filled.Experts say that the worrisome scene is prevailing in BBA colleges as the course does not fetch good jobs in the market.\"With many MBA pass outs finding it difficult to land jobs with a decent pay package, the job scene is especially bad for the BBA pass outs. Since the students are expected to pay Rs one lakh as fee for the course, many parents don't find it a lucrative proposition. Most of them have again started to opt for BCom degree which makes them eligible for ordinary jobs,\" said a senior management academician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "15176210", "title": "TMC members defy Mamata's diktat on Gorkhaland territorial administration", "text": "DARJEELING: In spite of the Trinamool Congress (TMC) high command order of not contesting the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) elections, at least 14 candidates have started campaign in the Hills.Their contention is that they are yet to receive any formal directive from the party high command in Kolkata. \"We have heard about the TMC high command order from the media. But we are not yet told anything by the top rung leaders in Kolkata,\" said Milan Dukpa, who is contesting from the Ghoom-Jorebungalow constituency in Darjeeling subdivision against Gorkha Janmukti Morcha's P T Ola.This act by the candidates, according to some observers, is also because they have felt let down. \"Just imagine the beating, a candidate's morale has taken when told to withdraw his name in the last minute to please the GJM. These candidates had taken a huge risk at the first place to file their nominations given the uneasy atmosphere,\" said an observer, who didn't want to be quoted.Dukpa, though, has said that his reason for contesting the polls was primarily to show the existence of opposition parties in the Hills. \"I am contesting for democracy and peace in the Hills which are missing since years. Besides, if we win in even a couple of seats, then that would boost the morale of the people,\" he said.Most of the TMC candidates are resorting to SMS campaign given that the party has decided not to contest the polls and no canvassing funds in hands. \"Along with me, some other candidates are doing SMS campaign to appeal for votes. In fact, we are getting good response from people,\" said Dukpa, who is also the TMC town committee president.GJM is uncontested in 28 of the total of 45 constituencies. But elections will be held for 17 seats in the three Hills subdivisions on July 29. GJM is expected to sweep the polls given that the CPM has withdrawn its candidates and other hills-based political parties have boycotted the election.In fact, the rebel TMC candidates have also decided to have their polling agents in the booths that go to the polls. \"We will have our own polling agents in the booths in some constituencies. We don't want to give the GJM a cakewalk as we are sure people will want to vote for us,\" said a TMC candidate from Kalimpong seeking anonymity. Sources said that TMC candidates in Gorubathan and Algarah-Dalapchand in Kalimpong stand a good chance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15175980", "title": "Unresolved issues: Konkan Railway Corporation staff protest", "text": "MARGAO: A large number of Konkan railway employees carried out a 'dharna' at the Margao railway station on Thursday wearing short pants and vests to protest non-implementation of the demands made by the Union of Konkan Railwaymen (UKR).\"We tried our level best to bring to the kind attention of the management towards various pending unresolved issues, but our efforts were in vain and we have been forced to carry out this this 'dharna',\" said UKR's general secretary M A Khekedar.Khekedar added that the employees hoped their demands would be implemented at the earliest to maintain healthy industrial relations.Konkan Railway Corporation's PR manager Baban Ghatge, however, said that the matter was out of his hands but their demands had been conveyed to his higher-ups.Some of UKR demands were that they be given a bonus on par with Indian Railways, that all the recommendations of the sixth central pay commission be implemented and that there be proper redressal of anomalies in promotion policy and transfer policy. Incidentally, their dress code for the 'dharna' was reflective of their demand that they be issued previous pending uniforms immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15179918", "title": "Sec 40 submerged in waste water", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of Sector 40 have been facing problems of sewage overflow for about a year now. But the problem crosses all limits when it comes to house number 446. All plots around that house are flooded with sewage waste. Officials say that the combination of rainwater and sewage has resulted in the flooding.The manhole, beside house number 446 owned by Pandalai, has been oozing human waste almost every day. The plot right beside her house is always filled with waste and has raised a major hygiene concern in that area. Apart from the repulsive odour in the environment, the overflowing sewage is also inviting diseases. No matter how many times a day the technician comes and fixes it, the problem does not seem to go away.\"I just want to know live my old age in peace. I love going on walks, but with the current circumstances, I don't even feel like stepping out of my house,\" said Pandalai.HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar had also visited the site a couple of months back. He got the sewage logged plots filled with sand but the situation has again come back to square one. On Wednesday, Sarvesh Joon of HUDA visited the site and promised to tackle the situation.He reached the spot, with other officials from different departments and assessed each and every problem that Pandali and other residents were facing. The house is located at the end of the road, with the land beyond it termed as release land. The land doesn't come under the direct jurisdiction of HUDA and the land owner has built small quarters for labourers, mostly from Bihar , where they can stay at very cheap prices.These quarters, apart from being poorly ventilated, lack sanitation facilities. For over 50 residents in those tiny box-like quarters, there is just the one common toilet. The people residing there often relieve themselves in nearby empty plots when the toilet is occupied, making the environment of the locality very unpleasant. Not only this, the sewage waste from the bathroom also flows into the adjacent plots.With time, grass has grown over the sewage logged plots, which in turn, has invited a lot of local pigs into the locality. These pigs live on the area overflowing with sewage. \"These pigs have been a major menace and have driven me crazy. If it wasn't for the sewage overflow; the pigs wouldn't have been a problem in the first place.\" added Mrs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15180420", "title": "China to create marriage database to curb polygamy, corruption", "text": "BEIJING: China would create a national database on marriages to check the rising trend of polygamy and fraudulent marriages. The move will hit a lot of influential people as second wives play crucial political and business roles, sources said.Beijing and Shanghai will become the first cities to make available marriage data online by 2012 end, the ministry of civil affairs said on Thursday. More cities will go online with marriage data over the next two years making the national database fully operational by 2015.Second wives and unhappy mistresses have furnished valuable evidence to assist anti-corruption investigations run with much fanfare by the Communist Party over the past two years. Many important politicians and businessmen have been prosecuted, and a few of them even executed on the basis of such information. They include the former head of the National Bureau of Statistics, Qiu Xiaohua. He was called a \"vile social and political influence\" and expelled from the Communist Party in 2007.A section of businessmen are known to corner government licenses in the names of their second wives. Even foreigners marry local women with the sole purpose of obtaining official permission for business.All Chinese citizens carry identity cards supplied by the local government in the place of their birth. But government officials say some people use forged identification papers to marry a second or third time.Officials are trying to play down the problem of second marriages saying they are usually committed by people greedy for expensive gifts, which often include cars and houses. But observers of the Chinese business and political scene are conversant of the crucial role played by second wives and mistresses in the chain of corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15171675", "title": "Team Anna tense over waning support, Arvind's health", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite the headline-grabbing political jousting between government and Team Anna, support for the activists' indefinite fast at Jantar Mantar appeared to have ebbed even further with fewer people turning up on Day 2. Team Anna camp was tense late on Thursday night over the lack of enthusiastic support and prominent member Arvind Kejriwal's declining health.Medical reports that came in late at night indicated a significant drop in Kejriwal's sugar level from 196mg the previous day to 96mg. There were concerns that Kejriwal, who is diabetic, may not be hold on very long without medical attention.His colleagues Manish Sisodia and Gopal Rai too recorded poor vital statistics though there was no immediate cause for worry.Sources said activists did the rounds of North campus colleges to drum up support among students and ensure their attendance over the weekend. While the internet has been abuzz for weeks (India Against Corruption's Facebook page had more than 15,000 supporters in the past two days) but this has not translated into footfalls.Support from Delhiites has been consistently low, as is the visibility of young people and women. Anna Hazare himself reached Jantar Mantar at 11am, an hour after his scheduled arrival and was greeted by a crowd of barely 500 people. Even though the crowd increased as the day progressed, it still was well short of what Team Anna had expected.Kejriwal was absent for a good part of the day, having been summoned by a Bulandshahar court in Uttar Pradesh for his remarks on MPs. Before leaving for court, Kejriwal said if the current lot of MPs continues in Parliament, the country's future is bleak. \"I don't think I have done anything wrong. And if speaking the truth is against the country, I am ready to face the consequences,\" he said.Team Anna members seemed visibly concerned about the dwindling support with Kiran Bedi repeatedly urging the crowds to come in larger numbers. \"It's very important that there are more women in this arena. Earlier, when we were protesting in Ram Lila Maidan, there were thousands of women who had come here in our support. We need that to happen again,\" she said, reiterating the concern in a tweet - \"Women almost missing. Is this not everyone's cause?\"\"It is said that we vote for a saree or a bottle of alcohol. We are being fooled. More than 50% of those who vote are women. Why are they not seen here?\" she said.On Day 1 (Wednesday), the protest had drawn most of its support from outside Delhi. Even that support seemed to be reducing on Thursday.\"It's a number of factors. Anna has been doing this for a year now and the results haven't come in. People have lost hope. We are still supporting him, but that sense of belief has gone,\" said Jatin Sharma, a DU student. This is Anna's fourth agitation at Jantar Mantar.Anand Kumar, professor of sociology at JNU who came to support Team Anna said that the lack of numbers should not be taken as lack of support. \"This is not cinema that you (media) are counting the seats occupied in theatres to assess success. This is a movement, and thousands of people watching on TV at home or at work are unequivocally supporting the cause,\" he said.Later, Team Anna member Kumar Viswas said Anand Kumar had come to participate in the protest despite his wife being on dialysis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15171636", "title": "NCR overcrowded with tech institutes", "text": "NOIDA: To say that education in Uttar Pradesh is lopsided would not be an exaggeration. Fifty-nine per cent of all technical colleges in Uttar Pradesh are located in parts of the state which fall in the NCR - namely Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad. There has been an incredible rise in the number of technical colleges in NCR, even though attendance in these colleges is steadily declining.\"There has been an incredible rise in the number of technical colleges which have opened up in the cities of Noida and Greater Noida and as a result there has been a major problem of demand and supply. It's not viable for such colleges to exist and provide quality education in the face of such depleting demand,\" said an official of Mahamaya Technical University (MTU).According to sources in MTU, which caters to students in western Uttar Pradesh, the last four years alone have seen the opening of over 150 colleges in the state per year. However, there has been a corresponding decrease in the number of students appearing in the entrance examinations for these courses with the year 2010 seeing almost 60% seats going empty in popular courses such as B.Tech and MBA. \"This is a national trend and technical universities in Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu seem to be facing the same problem. We are constantly trying to adapt ourselves with the changing needs of our students. However, there is definitely a problem of demand and supply,\" said a senior official of MTU.Officials explained that another reason for the seats going empty in technical colleges in Uttar Pradesh was due to the fact that the cost of fees for colleges in the state are significantly higher than fees in colleges in Rajasthan and Haryana. \"Many students opt to go study in colleges in Haryana and Rajasthan and as a result seats in Uttar Pradesh are going empty. While there are still takers for seats in core engineering courses, specific engineering programmes are suffering,\" said the official.According to figures released by the AICTE, India is now home to 3,393 engineering colleges that have 14.85 lakhs seats available. Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Uttar Pradesh have about 70% tech institutes. When admissions closed this year, AICTE estimated that nearly two lakh seats were unfilled.India is now home to 3,393 engineering colleges that have 14.85 lakh seats available. Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Uttar Pradesh have about 70% technical institutes. When admissions closed this year, AICTE estimated that nearly two lakh seats were unfilled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chirang/kokrajhar", "code": "15171503", "title": "Violence tears apart loved ones", "text": "CHIRANG/KOKRAJHAR: Whenever a fresh group of violence-affected people arrives at a relief camp in Chapar area of Dhubri district, Abiron Bibi anxiously searches for her husband Ali Hussain and her two sons, whom she hasn't seen for the past three days. But they are yet to arrive. Abiron got separated from her family after their house in Milmilipara of Kokrajhar district was torched by miscreants on Tuesday.When miscreants attacked their village, Abiron and her family ran in different directions for safety. She landed up at the relief camp in Chapar, while her husband and sons were left behind in Kokrajhar.\"I am told that my husband and sons are safe in Kokrajhar, but I can't be content till I see them with my own eyes. It's a great pain to stay separated from one's family in the time of distress,\" Abiron said.Hundreds of people are searching for their loved ones as the worst-ever clash between Bodos and Muslims in Assam's Kokrajhar and Chirang districts has affected 1.7 lakh people and displaced about one lakh. Both Bodos and Muslims living in the Bodoland Territorial Council, an administrative structure under the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution, are affected by the violence.Taher Ali, a rickshawpuller of Tulsijhar village in Chirang district, has been desperately looking for his mother, Uma Hani Khatun, for the past three days and has no information about her yet. On Monday evening, egged on by a rumour that Tulsijhar would be attacked, the residents had rushed to various relief camps.Taher was outside the village then. \"When I went back home, I found my mother was not there. Since then, I have been hopping from camp to camp, but haven't found her yet. I am praying to Allah that she is safe wherever she is,\" Taher said, tears welling up in his eyes.The official figure pegs the number of missing persons in the violence at 10, but unofficially, the number is over hundred. About 40 people have been killed in the Bodo-Muslim ethnic violence and hundreds of houses have been burnt down.But just like every cloud has a silver lining, there are some stories with happy endings as well. Modar Basumatary was finally united with his wife Deepa and their children on Thursday after two days of having no information on their whereabouts.Modar's family got scattered when their house at Titaguri village in Kokrajhar district was burnt down by miscreants. Since then, Modar and his wife, along with the children, had no information about each other until they got united at a relief camp, also at Titaguri, around 12pm on Thursday.Similarly, Sanjib Basumatary, his wife and their children were reunited at a relief camp in Kokrajhar town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15176192", "title": "Mamata Banerjeurges Army chief to clear Metro projects", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee's visit to Delhi to attend Pranab Mukherjee's swearing-in ceremony on Wednesday may reap some benefit for the state after all. According to sources, Mamata met Chief of Army Staff Gen Bikram Singh after the programme and urged him to look into projects in Kolkata that are pending a nod from the Army.The primary among these are three stations of the Joka-BBD Bag Metro Railway stretch and a small stretch of the Hooghly riverfront that the state government wants to beautify.\"The CoAS spent several years in Kolkata as GOC-in-C of the Eastern Command. He saw Mamata Banerjee's style of working andwas quite impressed with Mamata's style of workingthe kind of effort Mamata made. He assured the chief minister that he would look into the matter,\" the source revealed.The Metro requires three acres on the Maidan for the Victoria, Park Street and Esplanade stations. Some more land will be required on a temporary basis for work in the underground stretch and parking the tunnel boring machines and other equipment. The Army has already given clearance for a survey to RITES and the Rail Vikas Nigam Ltd (RVNL).The survey report will be ready by the end of this month after which Metro authorities will make a pitch for the land with the Army, which is the custodian of the Kolkata Maidan.\"We will have five underground stations at Kidderpore, Victoria, Park Street, Esplanade and BBD Bag.The eight stations from Joka to Majerhat will be elevated in the 16.7-km stretch that will cost Rs 2,619 crore. The expected date of completion of the elevated stretch is end-2014. We shall start work on the underground stretch after that but preparations need to be made.We have already earmarked three acres in Barrackpore that we will hand over to the Army in lieu of the land in the Maidan,\" said Protyush Ghosh, DGMG, Metro Railway.Though three stations will be built under the Maidan, there will be minimum damage to the greenery. The Metro will require about 40 square metres at the dispersal points of the stations. The three stations may have 12 such dispersal points.For the riverfront project, the Army will have to give its consent to a three-tier pathway that the government wants to build from where people can watch the sunset.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15172868", "title": "Man who broke into Amitabh Bachchan's bungalow brought to Indore", "text": "INDORE: The Mumbai police brought the 20-year-old youth, who allegedly broke into the bungalow of Amitabh Bachchan in Mumbai, to the city on Thursday to verify the details given by him to the police after the arrest.Deepak Kevat, who had broke into the house of Big B a few days ago, was caught by the Juhu police.Depalpur police station in-charge Ghanshyam Bamania said that at least five cops from Mumbai came here and reached his village at Mirzapur. They were here to verify the address of Deepak, he said.According to him, the Mumbai cop came in the afternoon and soon left after verifying the address.Kevat, 20, was arrested by the Juhu police for allegedly breaking into the high security residence of superstar Amitabh Bachchan on Friday. At the time of the arrest, Deepak claimed he was a Big B fan and slipped into the actor's house to have a close glimpse of him, but the police recovered cash reportedly stolen from the house.As per the media report, Kevat on Friday afternoon, first reportedly climbed on a gulmohar tree in the compound of a bungalow adjacent to the Bachchan's residence, Jalsa, in Juhu. From the tree, he jumped on to a tin shed erected over Jalsa to prevent rainwater from entering the house and from there, he reached the balcony of Bachchan's bedroom on the top floor.After the incident, the superstar wrote on his blog: \"Spent some anxious moments yesterday since we had a break in! The guy was caught and is with the police now under investigation. Seems like a professional, for he had entered the most sensitive area of the house, Jalsa. Cops and security are in overdrive now. In the end nothing is secure, irrespective of how much precaution one takes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15170684", "title": "Warden booked for 'caning' boy", "text": "HYDERABAD: A case was registered against the warden of Living Hopes High School, Nandanavanam, Meerpet, on Thursday who is accused of assaulting a 10-year-old student.Meerpet police said that the Class III student was thrashed with a cane by warden D Daniel. Daniel lost his mobile phone on Sunday and he suspected that the boy had taken it. The boy who suffered bruises all over his body was sent to hospital for treatment,'' Meerpet inpsector T Ravindar told TOI.When people in the locality came to know of the incident, they immediately informed police. The boy's father Srinivas Rao is a watchman in an apartment in Kompally. A case under Section 342 (punishment for wrongful confinement), 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) was registered.In another case at Saroornagar, A Mahesh, 15, went missing from home on Tuesday. His parents, Balreddy and Manjula, suspect the role of their relatives who they fear could have kidnapped him as they were involved in a property dispute with them, police said. The relatives reside in Durganagar. On Tuesday evening, Mahesh had taken his cycle for repair and did not return. Based on the complaint lodged by his parents on Wednesday, a missing case was registered and police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15188175", "title": "Charulatha is the official remake of Thai film", "text": "At a stage where many of the Indian filmmakers are free making foreign films without any acknowledgement for script and screenplay, here's a surprise for you. The makers of Charulatha, starring Priyamani, have officially bought the rights of a Thai-Korean film, \"Alone\" (2007), and are remaking it in three languages - Telugu, Kannada and Tamil.Alone is about a deceased Siamese twin returning to haunt surviving sister. And director Ponkumaran has roped in National Award winning actress Priyamani in this remake to play the role of conjoined twins. Ponkumaran, who is a protege of K. Bhagyaraj and K. S. Ravikumar, is said to be inspired from Thai film 'Alone', which is about two conjoined twins with contrast natures with a few spooky moments.Mollywood actor Skanda is playing the male lead while Seetha, Saranya Ponvannan and Arthi play important. Sundar C Babu is scoring the music for this film, which would be released by Geetha Film Distribution in Telugu. The horror trilingual is produced by Ramesh Krishnamoorthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15177321", "title": "4 chikunguniya cases in Chandwad", "text": "NASHIK: Four cases of chikunguniya infection were reported from Chandwad on July 20 after which preventive measures, including fogging, along with surveillance activities, have been undertaken by the local civic body and health officials, officials from district health office said.\"There has been no major outbreak of diseases in Nashik district, except few cases of gastroenteritis, dengue and chikunguniya. Since there were no cases of fatalities, there is no need to panic. However, the 'outbreak' was announced, given technical parameters. Most of the cases naturally were concerned with the lack of hygiene in the areas,\" MV Kulkarni, district health officer (DHO) said.Screening and surveillance revealed that the person who was first infected had come from Aurangabad to Chandwad. \"The DHO has provided the required medicines for the fogging and the cost is being borne by the grampanchayat,\" Kulkarni said.Similarly, the district had also reported outbreak of gastroenteritis in two areas \"In Kalusthe, contaminated water was being supplied through water tankers and in Jambhulpada the water in the wells was contaminated as run-off water from the hills directly flowed into the wells in the absence of any barrier around the well,\" the officials said.The officials however reported that there was one death related to jaundice ( Hepitatis E) due to contaminated water. \"The deceased - a youth from Mhalsakore village\u2014 had been travelling a lot. Therefore, he picked up the infection during the journey. The scanning of the village revealed that a sewer line was constructed above the drinking water pipeline that is likely to contaminate the latter,\" officials said. Five cases of dengue were also found.The officials added that an emergency toll free number 1075 (BSNL landline only) was available wherein people could inform the authorities at district surveillance unit about health related issues. _ _ __ _ _ __ _ __", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15173717", "title": "Naxals call for bandh to mark martyr's week from Jul 28", "text": "NAGPUR: The Naxals have appealed to the masses to observe martyr's week from July 28 to August 3 in memory of 150 colleagues who lost their lives, including around 40 in Central India's Dandakaranya, in the fight against government forces. The Naxals have also called a bandh during the period.Every year at this time, Naxals commemorate the martyrdom of their leaders and founder members like Charu Majumdar and Kanhai Chatterjee.The rebels have urged people to erect memorials in villages across areas dominated by them to remember the sacrifices of martyred comrades. A press release by spokesperson Gudsa Usendi of Dandakaranya Special Zonal committee (DKSZC) of Communist Party of India (Maoist) also calls on people to strengthen the Naxal movement.Rallying around the slogan 'Naxalbari ek hi raasta', the rebels have urged the masses to join their fight for change against the corruption-driven political parties. The Naxals have claimed that government, which may be projecting development, has been exposed on issues like unemployment, poverty, scams, inflation, displacements and corruption.In another press release by the Gadchiroli divisional committee of CPI (Maoist), the rebels have launched a strong attack on Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh , who had visited the district earlier this year. The Naxals have called Ramesh's attempt to help tribals of Menda Lekha village a farce and demanded suspension of existing forest rights.The Gadchiroli division committee has also demanded halting of the ongoing 'Operation Green Hunt' and withdrawal of Indian Army from Bastar. The Naxal committee has also demanded release of tribals from various jails of Maharashtra.Gadchiroli Superintendent of Police Mohammed Suvez Haque said security forces are also in preparatory mode. \"Plans are in place to thwart Naxal threat to paralyse the district in the forthcoming week. We are taking all necessary precautions, knowing the strategies that Naxals may adopt,\" he said. Haque also sounded confident that security forces would ensure that memorials by Naxals do not influence tribal population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15189731", "title": "Bobby Jindal hits campaign trail for touring Romney", "text": "WASHINGTON: With Mitt Romney on his 3-nation tour, Indian-American Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal , one of his top possible running mates for November polls, is leading the Republican campaign against US President Barack Obama in battleground states, where he slammed the incumbent's economic policies.41-year-old Jindal addressed two campaign events on Thursday in the crucial State of Iowa -- one alone and another along with Governor Bob McDonnell from Virginia -- and fielded questions from journalists through a conference call.Impressed by the impact of his meetings, Romney campaign announced on Thursday evening that Jindal would address another election meeting in Florida on Friday. Political pundits expect a close contest in Florida during the November presidential elections.\"The response here in Iowa on the ground has been enthusiastic and strong. People in Iowa are ready to make history again.Four years ago they gave President Obama a chance, he's not lived up to his promises,\" Jindal told reporters from Iowa. \"Now the President got in trouble, several days ago. He said, 'If you've got a business you didn't build that'. His aides said, well no, that's not what he really meant. A few weeks ago, he said the private sector was doing fine, it was the public sector that needed help, then his aides had to come out and say, no he didn't really mean that,\" Jindal said. \"It's not just these phrases, these speeches. The reality is, I think they reveal a lot about this President's thinking and his policies. The reality is he has grown government spending to 24 to 25 per cent of GDP. That's simply not sustainable,\" he said.Jindal said: \"President Obama has nothing new to offer - simply wants to try to tax, spend, borrow away into prosperity. (Former Massachusetts) Governor Romney instead is offering a different path to restore the American dream, to grow the private sector economy so our kids will have even more opportunities than those we inherited from our parents.\" \"I think the contrast is clear. The response here in Iowa on the ground has been enthusiastic and strong. People in Iowa are ready to make history again. Four years ago they gave President Obama a chance, he's not lived up to his promises,\" said the Louisiana governor. Jindal, US media reported on Thursday, is among the top vice-presidential running mates of Romney.While the Romney campaign was maintaining a pin drop silence on it, several media outlets said the announcement could come as early as next week. \"I can tell you I'm not going to announce it this week. While I'm overseas, I'm not gonna announce my vice presidential running mate. But when the decision is made, I'll make that announcement. It's not made yet. \"But I can't tell you when it's gonna be. That's something which we'll decide down the road,\" Romney told the ABC news from London, which he is visiting currently to attend the Summer Olympics.Jindal, during his election meeting in Iowa, said Romney was the best fit to run the country. \"When he was Governor of Massachusetts, unemployment below the national average, per capita income grew faster than the national average. One of the top 10 turnaround states according to the objective data at the federal level. \"What Mitt Romney stands for is this. In America, you are not promised equal outcomes. You are not entitled to your neighbour's property. You don't have a right to your neighbour's car, house, boat. What you are promised in America is equal opportunity. Not equal outcomes, but equal opportunity,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15179772", "title": "China denies stealing US tech to build attack copter", "text": "BEIJING: China on Thursday confirmed it had developed its first modern military attack helicopter, but denied reports that the chopper was a replica of stolen United States Black Hawk technology.A Chinese defence ministry spokesperson claimed that the attack helicopter Z-10 was manufactured on indigenous know-how , including its engines. The website sought to refute allegations that Beijing had used stolen US technology to develop the attack helicopter which may have advanced stealth features.The announcement comes weeks after a US defence contractor , United Technologies , told a US court that it may have violated an embargo on export of controlled technology to China. The company agreed to the pay a $75 million fine over the export violation.Defence ministry spokesman Yang Yujun, in response to allegations made by US prosecutors, said the helicopter's manufacturer had used independent intellectual property rights. \"China's attack helicopters and their engines are all self-developed , and have proprietary intellectual property rights,\" said Yang, adding that the so-called piracy \"is far from truth\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15178246", "title": "15 students fall sick after consuming roadside food", "text": "BOKARO: Fifteen girls of Kasturba Gandhi Residential School, Dughdha were admitted to hospital on Wednesday midnight after savouring snacks from a roadside eatery.Deputy superintendent of education Purender Vikram Sahi, who visited the hospital to meet the students and inspect the hostel said that it is difficult to ascertain the reason following which so many girls fell ill at one time. It could be possible that snacks eaten by them outside made them sick or there were also possibilities that they had become weak after fasting on Monday.Of the girls admitted in hospital four are students of Class VI, three of Class VII, six of them are Class VIII standard students and one each of Class XI and X. Apart from two seriously ill students, others have been released from the hospital after treatment.Sahi said the girls started complaining of headache, vomiting and dysentery at night following which the warden rushed them to the hospital. \"Seeing so many students falling ill, the warden initially thought that they were hit by some communicable disease. However, coming to the hospital the doctors found nothing critical about their illness. There was however no complaint about the food provided to the students in the hostel as there are 175 students who had consumed the food. Apart from 15 students none complained of illness,\" said Sahi.Sahi, while conducting inspection of the hostel ticked off the warden for unhygienic living conditions and unhealthy food consummation. \"I have directed warden to provide filtered water and warm fresh food to the students and also to keep the premises clean. The unhygienic environment can trigger health problem for the students,\" said Sahi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneshwar", "code": "15178735", "title": "Nurses protest service break", "text": "BHUBANESHWAR: Unauthorizedly from duty for more than 10 days. Opposing the service break condition of the government, nurses confronted authorities in Cuttack, Burla and Berhampur.Acting on a PIIL, the Orissa High Court on Thursday asked government to allow contractual nurses in medical colleges to join immediately and asked those appointed under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) to sign a fresh contract. The court has posted the matter for hearing to August 1. The situation is likely to improve from Friday in view of the court order.Health minister Prasanna Acharya said the government had to insist on service break as per Clause 19 of the contract with the nurses under which they can't be absent unauthorizedly for more than 10 days in a row. But since the matter is now in the HC, the government will follow the court order, he said.In Cuttack, around 400 nurses gheraoed the administrative staff of SCB Medical College and Hospital when the latter insisted them to sign the new contract. \"It was a rude shock. The government asked us to end the strike. When we did and came to duty, they are saying we have to re-start the job all over again. The years of service we have put in has gone waste because we staged demonstration against the government's injustice. This is not fair,\" said a nurse.The striking contractual nurses locked up the superintendent office at MKCG Medical College and Hospital in Berhampur seeking that they be allowed to join duty. \"We called off our strike when government assured to consider our demands and asked to join in the duty. The high court has also asked us to report to duty and provide service to the patients. When we reported our duty in the morning, the government has put such harsh conditions,\" said general secretary of the All Odisha Contractual Nursing Association (AOCNA) Shibani Dash. \"We strongly oppose the unacceptable condition of the government,\" she said. Superintendent of MKCG medical college Ashok Kumar Behera declined to comment. There was no improvement in patient care situation in VSS Medical College and Hospital, Burla, too as the contractual nurses did not join on similar grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15172493", "title": "Panchali-Ye Woh Nahi staged", "text": "BHOPAL: Panchali-Ye Woh Nahi was staged on the second day as part of the ongoing theatre festival on Thursday. It was organized by the TT Nagar Bengali Association.Benu Das, thespian, was also felicitated with the lifetime achievement award for his contribution to theatre, art and societyOn Thursday, the play showed Panchali, which is one of the several names of Draupadi. In Mahabharata, the character of Draupadi encompassed several varied aspects of womanhood within itself: a lover, a friend, a mothered et al . However, none of these aspects or roles of Draupadi have received as much attention as did the one which tells of her humiliation, anger and shame. In one instance, an angry Draupadi said, \"When the maharaja had lost himself in the gamble, what right did he have to place me as a bet.\"The play represented Draupadi as a literary compendium of various aspects of womanhood; a book which has a different story in each of its several layers.On the first day of the festival which commenced on Wednesday, the play Anaam Rishtey reflected human sensibilities which are deeply related to and reflected in relationships. The protagonist of this play sets out to rediscover the anonymous relationships that lie lost somewhere in the ambitious crowd of contemporary society. How the high priests of the society react to this journey of exploration was captured suitably.Both the plays were directed by Dipu Das. On Friday, Gulshan (Bengali) directed by Swastika Chakraborty and Parpurush (Hindi) directed by Sanjay Bhattacharya would be staged from 7 pm and 8.30 pm respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15173155", "title": "First class tourist ticket fares up from August 1", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters who wish to travel by the first class on purchase of tourist tickets will have to pay higher fare from August 1. The new tariff was approved by the railway board on July 24.Under the tourist ticket scheme, passengers can travel unlimited times during its validity from any station on the suburban sections of Central and Western Railway. A senior railway official said the fare for tourist ticket for first class was Rs 170 (1 day), Rs 330 (3 days) and Rs 390 (5 days).According to the new chart, the fare will be now be Rs 210 (for 1 day), Rs 365 (3 days) and Rs 430 (5 days). However, there will be no change in the tariff of second class tourist tickets.Sources said the railways sold at least 2,000 first class passes in the categories while 1,100 tourists bought those for second-class. These tickets are issued maximum 3 days in advance, excluding the first day of validity. No refund is admissible on unused/partially used tourist tickets. But tourist tickets booked in advance can be cancelled before the day of validity on which charges of Rs 10 for second class and Rs 20 for first class per passenger will be deducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15170625", "title": "Minor 'communal' disturbances put cops on alert", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two minor incidents allegedly of communal nature, one in Kacheguda and another in Sri Ram Nagar Colony, Banjara Hills, over the past week have put the city police on alert.According to sources, senior police officers in the east, west and south zones have asked their Rakshak and Blue Colt patrolling teams to intensify vigil in their demarcated areas. They were especially asked to keep an eye on public gatherings and ensure that people returning home after Iftar and Taraweeh (special Ramzan prayers) from mosques are provided adequate security.In both incidents, two groups of people exchanged heated arguments and pelted stones at each other over playing of music during prayer times. Swift action by police did not allow the incidents to spiral out of control.According to sources, the Ramzan season has always been peaceful in the city. The incidents that took place could be aberrations, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15172992", "title": "Cops register case in Ambivli youth\u2019s kidnap", "text": "MUMBAI: Three days after 20-year-old Ambivli resident Bablu Singh escaped from the clutches of the beggar mafia, who allegedly kidnapped him nearly three weeks ago from Byculla railway station, the CST government railway police has finally filed a kidnapping and torture case.On Thursday, after lodging a complaint, Singh underwent a medical examination at St George hospital. Sources also claimed that on Thursday evening, the police also took Singh to Virar to trace the place where he was kept hostage with 30-40 other boys. The victim has claimed that the kidnappers branded him with iron rods and threatened that if he did not beg, he won't be allowed to go home.A police officer said, \"We will check CCTV footage at Byculla station from where the victim was kidnapped to ascertain who is behind the racket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15171730", "title": "All Assam Students' Union slams govt for failing to check influx of illegal immigrants", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Assam Students' Union (Aasu) and 26 other organisations representing indigenous groups of the state will visit Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) areas in western Assam on Saturday. The students' body blamed both the Centre and the state government for not implementing the Assam Accord effectively and failing to check the influx problem.Aasu had led the agitation against the influx of illegal migrants from 1979 to 1985 and the agitation ended with the signing of the Assam Accord on August 15, 1985. The agitation was the biggest ever people's agitation in the post-Independence era of the country. Infiltration is an emotive issue in Assam as it has substiantially changed the demographic pattern of the state over the years.\"The ethnic violence in BTC area is a result of not resolving the influx problem as per the Assam Accord. Chief minister Tarun Gogoi, who is in charge of home affairs in the state and who gets all information regarding what is happening in all the districts, couldn't judge the situation, and as a result the violence escalated and spread neighbouring districts as well. This government is a total failure,\" said Samujjal Bhattacharya, an Aasu advisor.The group also condemned the state government of not updating the National Register of Citizens. \"The work on the NRC was supposed to have started already, but no such initiative was taken by the state government. The NRC will help identify illegal migrants,\" he said.Pranjal Rajkonwar, student leader of Tai Ahom Students' Union said that the ethnic strife must not be tagged on the basis of community. \"The conflict shouldn't be given the angle of a conflict between Bodos and non Bodos or between Hindus or non-Hindus. We want the overall development of BTC area and all its people,\" said Rajkonwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15190768", "title": "Maharashtra govt announces new panel for Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee", "text": "MUMBAI: Exactly a year after the tenure of the Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee (MHCC) ended July 2011, the Maharashtra government has finally announced the appointment of a new panel. This is the longest gap between two committees, leading to a pile of pending proposals.Former chief secretary V Ranganathan will chair the ten-member committee for its tenure of three years. The members include the head of dept., structural engineering, IIT Mumbai, and the HOD, structural engineering, VJTI. The principal of the Sir JJ College of Architecture, conservation architect Abha Narain Lambah, environmentalist Cyrus Guzder and city historian Dr. Arvind Jamkhedkar are also nominated. Ex-officio members include the director, Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya (Prince of Wales Museum), chief architect, PWD, Govt. of Maharashtra and an official of the civic body not below the rank of chief engineer.The priority before the new panel is to clear pending proposals, and devise new heritage regulations by revising the draft proposal prepared by the previous committee.The civic body can then forward these to the state government for approval. The members may also suggest incentives for conservation of private old properties, for instance heritage TDR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15178910", "title": "Dalit memorials vulnerable toattacks after reduced security?", "text": "LUCKNOW: The ease with which the activists of UP Navnirman Sena vandalised the statue of BSP chief Mayawati on Thursday has raised questions over the security of Dalit memorials and statues.After to coming to power in March, the Samajwadi Party government had withdrawn 450 home guards deployed in and around the memorials during the Mayawati regime.Though principal secretary home RM Srivastava maintained that security was never scaled down, the fact remains that home guards used to keep a watch on the memorials before they were withdrawn by state home guard minister Brahma Shanker Tripathi in March.Apart from 450 home guards, 840 security personnel of the Suraksha Vahini, which was raised by the Mayawati government in 2010, used to keep a vigil on the stretch leading to Dalit memorials in Gomtinagar.The said stretch is among the strategic points in and around Ambedkar Memorial. This is because the stretch, comprising the statues of Mayawati and other dalit icons, is on the outer section of Ambedkar memorial and open to public movement.A senior official of Suraksha Vahini confirmed that the lone constable, who was patrolling the bandha road, saw a group of people charging towards the Maya's statue. \"Before he could understand anything the miscreants pulled out a hammer from a bag and started hitting the statue,\" the official said.As a matter of fact, around 100 security personnel comprising head constables, constables and women constables are posted round the clock at Ambedkar memorial.This is addition to 893 employees deployed by the Smarak management samiti of the housing department, to maintain and protect the memorial that spreads over an area of around 125 acres and comprises structures like the main memorial building, Pratibimb Sthal, Drishya Sthal, the elephant gallery, Samajik Parivartan Gallery and Samajik Parivartan Sangrahalaya.While around Rs 1,500 crore has been spent on the Ambedkar memorial, Rs 750 crore was spent on other structures outside the Sthal in Gomtinagar. These structures include Ambedkar Samajik Parivartan Prateelk Sthal, Ambedkar Vihar, Ambedkar Gomti Vihar Khand-1 and 2 and two administrative blocks with a cafeteria. All these structures are spread over 32 hectares and 962 employees are deployed for maintenance work.However, the state government has been mulling to shift these employees and engage them in other 'useful' services. In fact, the state government has constituted a six-member committee headed by district magistrate to look into the possibilities of using the employees in other parks and places of public utility. Sources said the employees deployed in these parks may be reduced to a bare minimum - anything in the range of 1500, while the rest may be sent to different departments. But, Thursday incident may force the Samajwadi Party government to rethink on this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15174164", "title": "Calling police chowky for help? Try your luck", "text": "NAGPUR: The ramshackle police chowkies, visible at some street corners, already cut a sorry picture. If one expects assistance from them during emergency then chances are bleak there would be any response. Forget help, these chowkies remain locked most of the time and calls made to the telephones available at some of these police posts would often go unanswered.An RTI query by a political and social worker about the status of these police chowkies has exposed their pathetic condition. TOI got a first-hand experience of this when only three calls made to 29 police chowkies, including two of the hospital and another at Ganga Jamuna, responded. Surprisingly, the RTI query revealed that around Rs10,000 were shown as expenditure towards telephone maintenance at these chowkies.The RTI query by BJP worker Jamal Siddiqui in March this year revealed that only 28 out of the 67 police chowkies or posts were functional in the city while another 21 are operating on temporary basis. Of the 67 chowkies, around 29 had dedicated telephone lines. TOI's reality check offered more shocking results. Many of the police posts, which were declared in the RTI as functional, were locked. Local residents, too, had equally horrible experiences to share, like spotting police personnel at some of the chowkies indulge in objectionable activities.In the past, a few constables from Sitabuldi Police Station had to face action after a couple complained about harassment at Kachipura police chowkie.Siddiqui, who claims to be fighting for the issue, said the police department needs to revive non-functional police chowkies. \"Unauthorized persons can be seen at these police chowkies. At Tajbagh, I have seen a mentally challenged man, who identified himself as an ACP, occupying the chair. Members of some private organizations often throng the Rambagh chowkie for no reason,\" he said. Siddiqui has been trying to revive the Subhedar Layout police chowkie for the last few years but in vain.Admitting that some of the chowkies were non-functional, city police chief, Ankush Dhanvijay, said, \"There is no denying some of the police chowkies would be found unmanned or telephone calls not answered on some occasions as the police personnel deployed at these posts are also expected to be on patrolling duty, which is equally important,\" he said.Dhanvijay also said the police department is contemplating about scrapping some of these chowkies to open new ones. \"We plan to open one or two chowkies under every police station's jurisdiction depending upon the requirement of the area. We are still trying to work out the budget and funds that can be made available from various heads to open these new chowkies,\" he said.Why are they often locked?*Manpower crunch at every police station*Increase in population, areas and responsibilities have outnumbered the existing strength at every police station*The constabulary often avoids these rickety chowkies and prefer to remain present elsewhere*Condition of some of the chowkies repulsive, without any proper furniture, lights or fan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15192445", "title": "China's Tencent aims to battle Google, Facebook in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: China's Tencent, world's fourth largest internet firm, wants to battle US web giants such as Google and Facebook in India by creating locally built brands, one of its senior executive said, after launching the flagship WeChat service here.Tencent, whose flagship QQ messenger has 700 million users, launched its mobile chat service called WeChat in India on Thursday, to compete with popular chat applications such as What's App and Research In Motion's Blackberry Messenger. The chat service also aims to compete with Facebook's Timeline, with its own 'Moments' feature.Tencent owns QQ.com, QQ messenger, web search SoSo.com, and a third party online payment platform called Tenpay, an equivalent of Paypal . Tencent claims to have over 95% of China's internet user base as its customers. It had a revenue of $4.5 billion in 2011. Shenzhen based Tencent, says that US internet companies failed in China, as they never innovated with the local culture or customised products for the local people.\"We believe in localisation. We hired people in India through our local arm to understand the India market. US companies have not been able to match the innovativeness of local Chinese internet players,\" Dennis Hau, Head of Product Center, International Business Group at Tencent told ET in an exclusive interview.Tencent has also taken (an undisclosed) minority stake in Delhi based Ibibo, and launched a local version of its QQ web browser in India.Dennis Hau adds that many US internet firms try to thrust US products across the globe, which doesn't work in China.He recounts the days when he was working for a US software firm in China. \"The Chinese businesses wanted localization of products of the US firm. But none of the suggestions were accepted by that software firm in the US.\"He says that US internet players have namesake localisation in the form of translation into local language. In Thailand , Tencent has partnered with Sanook.com, a local player, which runs internet services.Over the past five years, China has seen a significant growth in the market capitalisation of its local Internet firms. While Facebook and Google don't operate in China, Yahoo has also sold off its stake in local e-commerce player Alibaba.com this year.Collective market cap of top 15 internet companies in China is over $125 billion, as per Edelweiss Internet Report 2011. Kunal Sangoi of Edelweiss Securities says that the Indian internet market is at a stage where China was in 2006. China claims to have about 513 million internet users, compared to US which has about 245 million users, and India which has about 121 million users.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15175274", "title": "Now, kidney recipients can do away with expensive drugs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Institute of Kidney Diseases and Research Centre (IKDRC) on Thursday, staked claim to the world's first model for transplant tolerance where kidney recipients won't need to take immuno-suppressant drugs after two years. Hospital authorities claimed a cent per cent success rate with the model, which uses stem cells , deletion of cells that cause rejection and generation of T-regulatory cells which protect graft cells.Director of IKDRC, Dr H L Trivedi, said three papers were presented on the model at the 24th International Conference of Transplantation Society (TTS) meeting in Berlin from July 15 to 19. Dr Trivedi said that they presented records of 70 patients who had completed two years since their transplants, where stem cell got out of fat from the donor's abdomen were used, along with minimal immuno-suppressant drugs.\"The success rate was 100 per cent. These patients did not require immuno-suppressants, which can cost Rs 25,000 to Rs 30,000 every month, to keep their immune system from rejecting the donor kidney as a foreign organ,\" said Dr Trivedi.Head of IKDRC (pathology), Dr Aruna Vaniker said their study was well-received by international experts. \"We started with tolerance transplants over a decade ago and have done 1,500 transplants which include patients who were given immuno-suppression. However, in our recent study we have presented data on 70 patients who were closely monitored and were given minimal drugs - one-tenth of conventional dosage. These patients have completed two years since their transplants. Instead of the zero immuno-suppression model, which we tested on many patients, we have decided to administer minimal drugs for two years along with stem cells, which has given excellent results,\" Dr Vaniker said. Two papers were submitted for award sessions by IKDRC's young students and both were selected in different award categories. Vivek Kute got the 'Young Investigator's Award' for a paper on \"Novel strategy for tolerance induction in living donor renal transplantation\".Shruti Dave won the president's choice award for 'Stem cells versus donor specific transfusions for tolerance induction in living donor renal transplantation: A single centre experience'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15192620", "title": "Chennai school girl's death: HC asks for criminal action against school", "text": "CHENNAI: Take civil and criminal and civil action against the school management and those responsible for the death of the six year old Shruthi, who slipped through a hole on the floor of her school bus and died on Wednesday.This was the stern message that the Madras high court gave to the Tamil Nadu government on Friday. The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, hearing the matter taken up by them suo motu, also asked the state government to come out with a draft rules and guidelines on the safety and maintenance of school vehicles.The draft should be sub,otter in court in a week, the bench stipulated, adding that it could contain provisions such as ban on using vehicles aged more than five years to be used as school vehicles, the bench said. A day after the death of the Class II student, which shocked the entire state, the government arrested five persons, including a juvenile working as bus attendant of the Zion Matriculation Higher Secondary School near Tambaram here.The school correspondent M Vijayan, bus contractor and the bus driver too have been arrested. The motor vehicle inspector, P Prajasekaran, who issued the fitness certificate to the vehicle on July 9 too has been arrested after being placed under suspension. The regional transport officer, Parthappasarathy, too has been placed under suspension pending inquiry, said advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan in court. To this, Chief Justice Eqbal asked, how long will they remain under suspension?\"Replying, the advocate-general said they would remain under suspension till the completion of the inquiry. The chief justice said framing guidelines and implementing them alone would be a long-term solution, as, otherwise, such problems will recur. The court room was overflowing with advocates and the general public keen to know the Court's view of the matter and its orders on Friday. Several advocates, joining the debate, said though many such school accidents happened in the state at regular interval, police registered a case and never followed it up to the end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15173247", "title": "Auto driver tries to abduct 4-year-old, held", "text": "MUMBAI: A 50-year-old autorickshaw driver from Vadodara was arrested while allegedly trying to abduct a four-year-old boy from Khimji Nagji Chawl near Phoenix Mills in Lower Parel.\"The incident took place between 10.20pm and 10.30pm on Wednesday, when the victim, Yash Goregaonkar, was playing outside his house with his friends. The accused, Haji Rahimbhai Chouhan, tried to flee after kidnapping the boy when neighbours heard Goregaonkar scream. Locals chased the accused and nabbed him. He was handed over to the police,\" said NM Joshi Marg police senior inspector Sudhakar GhagareThe victim's shocked father, Mangesh (29), said, \"We have been staying here since my childhood. This is the first time such an incident has taken place in this locality.\"\"Chouhan's intentions are still unclear,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone III) Kishore Jadhav, adding, \"He has given vague replies to our questions. We have called up the Baroda police and gathered his details. It has been found that a few days ago, his family had registered a missing person's complaint there,\" said Jadhav.The police said that Chouhan, who hails from Fatehganj Sadarbazar in Vadodara, had come to Mumbai a few days ago. He has been booked on kidnapping charges. \"His family members are on their way to Mumbai. Their arrival will help us in getting a clear and detailed picture,\" said the investigators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15180168", "title": "Sushant Lok protests against faulty weights", "text": "GURGAON: After residents of Sushant Lok staged a protest against the usage of tampered weighing machines of Safal, the grocery chain of Mother Diary, the shopkeeper was suspended.The residents alleged that due to tampered weighing machines, they were getting 30 grams less than what the machine's indicator showed. The grocery chain has also ordered an internal probe into the allegation and has pledged to take strict action against the concessionaire. The residents had also alleged that the vegetables sold at the outlet had been purchased from the mandi at the normal price. The Safal stores are preferred to roadside vendors because of cleanliness and quality.In a written statement, Mother Dairy claimed that no Safal vendor is allowed to buy from the market, middlemen or mandi and items are supplied directly by the company. Clarifying that the person who was manning a Safal booth at Shushant Lok (booth no 81905) is not a Safal staff, but a concessionaire who is trained to adhere to the norms and policy guidelines of the company. The weighing machines of the booth had been attended to on July 6, 2012 and July 11, 2012 and other weighing machines were checked for its correctness and were found to be sound.There are a total of 19 Safal outlets in the district while five are big stores like the one at Sushant Lok. All the booths had been provided with 1 kg and 0.5 kg bullion weights for calibration of machines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15178783", "title": "Security to be tightened around CM Jagadish Shettar\u2019s residence", "text": "HUBLI: With a blueprint for the security of CM Jagadish Shettar's residence in Madhura estate at Keshwapur in Hubli, ready, it won't be easy for the public to roam around the house.The Hubli-Dharwad police commissionerate and the Public Works Department (PWD) have prepared the blueprint for tight security arrangement at the area surrounding the CM's residence in the city. A proposal was sent to the district administration in this regard soon after Shettar took charge. It is now awaiting government nod. The district administration has given an order to Hubli PWD officials to visit the spot and prepare the cost estimate. Based on the order, PWD officials have prepared the blueprint with the help of police.According to sources, police have requested installation of four CCTVs, more street lights outside the CM's residence and in surrounding areas, an increase in the height of the compound wall of the residence and a police guard room.However, it is said that the CM's family members are unhappy with the move to the increase the height of the compound wall of the house. The PWD officials have prepared a sketch for the same by using iron poles and zinc sheets.C V Patil, assistant engineer, PWD, told TOI that the final sketch will be prepared on Friday. Then the project report will be sent to the deputy commissioner's office. After the approval of the district administration, work for the security measures will be taken up and finished within a week, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15176969", "title": "BCC, BIA welcome deadline extension", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar Chamber of Commerce (BCC) and Bihar Industries Association (BIA) on Thursday expressed satisfaction over the decision of the Union government to extend by six months the deadline for registration and procurement of licenses by the manufacturers, suppliers and other operators in food supply chain under the provisions of Food Safety and Security Act (FSSA). Earlier, the Centre had fixed August 4, 2012, as the last date of registration and getting license.BCC president O P Sah said the six months' extension was imperative as the FSSA and its regulations were quite complicated. The FSSA came into force from 2006, the year when it was enacted by the parliament, but its regulations were framed in 2011. Hence, there was need to create proper awareness about this among the stakeholders.Sah suggested the food safety commissioner should organize awareness programmes to educate those in the food business about the pros and con of the FSSA and its regulation for proper compliance of the new law. The state government's department tasked with enforcing food safety and standard provisions of the Act should hold registration camps in different cities and at district level to issue licenses under the FSSA. He also urged the businessmen to come forward and get their enterprises registered.BIA president K P S Keshri said the six months' extension was necessary as gradual compliance with the FSSA and its regulations would enable a large number of enterprises and people involved in the food supply chain to get themselves registered and also get license. He said even the six months' extra time would not be sufficient if all the enterprises concerned do not hurry up to get their units registered. The BIA had recently organized a workshop in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15186557", "title": "Salman seeks Katrina's opinion: Kabir Khan", "text": "Ever since Ek Tha Tiger went on floors, there have been reports about the producers facing problems due to Salman Khan's erratic behaviour. If reporting late on the sets and dictating terms to the team members were not enough, the actor reportedly even had showdowns with his leading lady Katrina Kaif regarding her wardrobe that did not suit his sensibilities.Admitting that working with the Dabangg man wasn't really a cakewalk, director Kabir Khan told TOI, \"I will be honest. It took time for Salman and me to come on the same page. There were teething issues on how we look at the scenes and his character.\" However later, they started understanding each other's vision. In fact, Kabir revealed that perhaps they pushed the actor a bit too far when it came to the action sequences. \"But after we learnt about his illness, we got scared and were careful. In fact, we have used a body double as much as any other filmmaker would,\" said Kabir.Ek Tha Tiger is after all, a passionate love story with a heavy dose of action. \"We did not use cables like in other films. I did not want Salman to look like a superhero but a fit and agile man. I don't want to sound pompous but this film is going to redefine action in Hindi cinema. The action sequences take the story forward and are different from what Salman has so far done in his career. There has to be an attempt to reintroduce the actor,\" Kabir told TOI.This reintroduction has however, required a lot of planning. \"Salman reports on the sets on his own time. He does not start his day early. And he was clear about it before we went on floors. But once he is on the sets, he is all yours till you wrap up. So well, you just have to plan your day with him intelligently,\" explained the director.When asked about the reports of a tiff between his lead actors over a particular costume, Kabir explained, \"Katrina and Salman go back a long way. He was very involved in their scenes together and her costumes. They have a certain equation. Even Salman seeks her opinion. But yes, there was an incident where they disagreed over Katrina's costume in the song. It was over a particular cut in the black blouse she has worn with a yellow skirt.\"After all, the director revealed, \"Salman has had a say in many things that have gone into Ek Tha Tiger .\" A dress is perhaps just a small part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15175681", "title": "Park Street rape victim shocked over Jagachha incident", "text": "KOLKATA: The 38-year-old victim in Jagachha - who was turned away by everyone to whom she had approached for help after she was raped - is not the first one in the state to face such humiliation. In the recent past, there have been a few cases where victims had to face lewd remarks from the cops during investigation. The Park Street rape victim, who was allegedly raped inside a moving car in the wee hours on February 6, is one such woman who fought against all odds to get justice. Wednesday's incident in Jagachha has left the Park Street victim shocked once again, reminding her of the trouble-torn days earlier this year.\"I heard about the Howrah rape incident. My heart goes out to the victim. I know how painful it will be for her. In my case, police later took a pro-active measure only after senior officials from Lalbazar intervened. And I am thankful to them,\" she told TOI on Thursday.Recounting those days of horror, she went on, \"I still remember the taunt by sub-inspector Saikat Neogi. He told another SI Manish Singh: 'Let's go to Park Street, drink beer and have fun.' I was already traumatized. Such insensitive attitude from the men in uniform only added to my anguish.\"It took her three days to muster up the courage to approach the police. Egged on by family members, the 37-year-old finally went to Park Street police station on February 9 with her aunt. She was made to sit at the police station for nearly five hours at night. She had to face a volley of uncomfortable questions, taunts and snide remarks from policemen.\"I reached a police station around 8.15 at night on that day. Nervous, shaky and shattered, I thought I would feel secured in the police station with the men in uniform around me. But in no time I was proved wrong,\" she lamented.The officer-in-charge had even asked her uncomfortable questions like how could she be raped in a moving car in such small space. \"By the time formalities of completing the FIR was over, it was already 1am. All this while, there was no woman police around. Police also did not give me either a copy of the FIR or the case number. It was given only after five days,\" she added.Later in May, a young television actress was stalked and molested by two youths in Ghola. The victim had alleged that police refused to accept her complaint at Sodepur police station. Cops swung into action only after the intervention of Sanjay Mukherjee, the then commissioner of Barrackpore police.The Park street rape victim is trying to lead a normal life. Only that the horrifying incident and the humiliation by cops keeps haunting her time and again. The bitter experience at the Park Street police station added to the ordeal of Tina (name changed) who was raped in a moving car on the wee hours of February 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15179608", "title": "Monorail issues tenders for consultant", "text": "CHENNAI: The Metropolitan Transport Corporation on Thursday called for consultants to help the corporation prepare a manual for the design and functioning of the proposed monorail in the city.The consultant will prepare a 'manual of specification and standards' for the monorail project which will be executed by the company selected for the construction. August 8 is the last date for submission of bids.The first bid for the monorail project was announced on December 1, 2011 for companies or consortia to build the system. The project is expected to be completed within two years of choosing the company.The consultants to prepare the manual must have experience in providing concept design or feasibility study for at least one project in the last three years which has a mimimum carrying capacity of 8,000 passengers per hour per direction. The assignment should have been completed with a minimum budget of Rs 2,500 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15188466", "title": "Randeep- Naseer reunite after 11 years", "text": "Eleven years ago, Randeep Hooda faced the movie camera for the first time, for his debut film Monsoon Wedding with the man he had considered his idol \u2014 Naseeruddin Shah .And though Randeep has slowly but surely carved his niche in the industry since then, he has never had the opportunity to work with Naseer again. However, on Thursday, the two actors shot again. This time for Ahishor Solomon's John Day produced by Anjum Rizvi and K Asif. Naseer, revealed an eyewitness, was in a good mood. And when he was reminded about this being his second film with Randeep, Naseer joked, \"My first film was with Randeep, this film is with Randeepji.\" Interestingly, Randeep had spent a lot of time with Naseer's Motley theatre group earlier to pick up the nuances of acting.The eyewitness told TOI about a funny anecdote shared by Naseer on the sets. \"Naseerji mentioned how Randeep for the first scene in Monsoon Wedding had to reverse a car. Scared that Randeep would run him over, Naseerji kept calling the newcomer an idiot,\" revealed the source. But this time, Naseer did not have to face such a threat. A chase sequence was being shot where Randeep, who plays ACP Gautam interrogates a man for a robbery case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15174273", "title": "BJP threatens to take government to court", "text": "MUMBAI: Eknath Khadse ( BJP ), leader of the Opposition in the legislative assembly, on Thursday stated that the Opposition will approach the court against the DF government if it fails to file FIR against those responsible for the Mantralaya inferno.When asked how long the Opposition will wait for the government to act, Khadse said, \"If government fails to act within 45 days, the party will approach the court on the issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15176420", "title": "Kundra's detention not illegal, says court inquiry report", "text": "PUNE: The district and sessions court here in its inquiry report has said that the detention of Anushree Kundra, suspect in the murder case of Juhi Prasad at the Yerawada central jail, between December 8 and 12, 2011 was not illegal.The report submitted before the Bombay High Court states that Kundra's custody is not illegal even if the magistrate court had not extended her judicial custody remand.The inquiry officer quoted proviso clause of section 167 of the Criminal Procedure Code to conclude that her detention was not illegal and she was not entitled to seek bail.Kundra had sought bail on technical grounds that her detention was illegal during the relevant period, but the Pune Cantonment court had rejected her plea. Kundra then moved the high court for bail. The report was opened when her bail plea came up for hearing before HC justice Abhay Thipsay on Thursday.Kundra's lawyers Ashok Mundargi and Vaibhav Jathar prayed to release her on bail as her detention was illegal. They said that her detention violated her fundamental rights.The hearing was deferred till August 3 after the prosecution sought time to oppose the bail.On July 19, principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar had framed charges against Kundra (39) for murdering Prasad. The judge also framed attempt to murder charges against Kundra for trying to kill Ni-mesh Sinha.The case will now come up for admitting or denying documents under section 294 of the Criminal Procedure Code on July 27.The prosecution's case is that Kundra has been accused of murdering Juhi, a Delhi-based lawyer on October 13, 2011, at Sinha's flat at Wanowrie. Sinha suffered burn injuries. Kundra was arrested after she surrendered in a court on November 15, 2011. Kundra had filed a writ petition in the HC alleging that police illegally detained her from December 8 for two weeks as they had failed to procure a court order to extend her judicial custody. HC directed the sessions court to initiate a judicial inquiry into the allegation and submit a report by July 26.Juhi's father, A N Prasad, alleged that Sinha had a role in the murder and had filed a plea before the Pune Cantonment court seeking a detailed probe. The Pune police crime branch submitted a report to the court saying that Sinha had no role in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15179483", "title": "Teachers study hard ahead of virtual test", "text": "Now-a-days, it is not only students who are slogging their guts out in classrooms. For, teachers of government colleges too are attending classes religiously.After the UT administration higher education department made it mandatory for teachers to learn how to give presentations on computers, the educators are busy with their computer lessons. The directions, however, have left many anxious.All teachers have been told to keep a virtual presentation related to their subject ready before the first week of August. A UT administration higher education official is expected to check these in a fortnight.\"The college is conducting classes in two slots for teachers who are not well acquainted with computers. Some of the faculty members have their presentations ready, but there are several others who are still learning,\" said Gurdaman, an English teacher at Post-graduate Government College, Sector 46.\"Last year, when a similar direction was issued to all teachers to prepare presentations, it was found that more than 50% to 60% of them could not handle a computer at all. This year, before the deadline, they are required to learn certain computer applications,\" said a government college principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15178869", "title": "Cops invoke anti-sacrilege laws against accused", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati, in the past, had compared herself to a 'Living Deity' dedicated to the uplift of downtrodden and had asked followers to offer support for the cause. Now, UP police also seems to have subscribed to Maya's theory. DGP AC Sharma on Thursday said an FIR has been lodged under Section 295 of the IPC against the men who vandalised Maya's statute. The said Section prescribes two years imprisonment for \"damaging place of worship or an object considered to be sacred by a section of people\".The Section 295 of IPC states: \"Injuring or defiling place of worship with intent to insult the religion of any class. Whoever destroys, damages or defiles any place of worship, or any object held sacred by any class of persons with the intention of thereby insulting the religion of any class of persons or with the knowledge that any class of persons is likely to consider such destruction, damage or defilement as a insult to their religion, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with both\". The Section also makes the offence non-bailable.The police have also slapped Section 153A of the IPC which can result in imprisonment up to five years for \"promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion, race, place of birth, residence, language, etc., and doing acts prejudicial to maintenance of harmony.\" The offence under Section 153A also comes under non-bailable category. Section 3 of The Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act, 1984, has also been slapped. It deals with \"Mischief causing damage to public property\" and has provision of \"Rigorous imprisonment for a term not be less than six months, but may extend to five years\".It is not the first time that Mayawati has been addressed with such 'reverance'. In 2010, lawyer Kahnaiya Lal Rajput, a resident of Nathupur village in Mahoba, had offered three acres land for construction of a temple with chief minister Mayawati as the residing deity and a 'prerna sthal' for 'downtrodden'. In October 2007, one ML Dosad had released a book 'Mayawati-Ek Zinda Devi' in which Maya was shown as an avatar of Goddess Kali. In 2009, artist Mahesh Tripathi had put a painting exhibition in the city projecting Maya in different shades of divinity.In a rally in Lucknow on March 15, 2010, Mayawati was garlanded with Rs 1,000 currency notes by her supporters. The opposition made it an issue and called Mayawati 'daulat ki beti' instead of 'dalit ki beti'. As a counter-offensive, BSP leaders felicitated Maya again with currency-garland on March 18. Later, senior BSP leader Swami Prasad Maurya justified the act saying that when crores of unaccounted money is offered by people in temples, why can't BSP workers offer money by way of voluntary donation from their hard earned legitimate income to Behenji who they consider a 'Living Goddess'.BSP supremo Mayawati is not the only politician in India considered as a 'god' by supporters. In fact, temples have been constructed for Congress president Sonia Gandhi , AIADMK chief Jayalalithaa and Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi . If Sonia's temple was made In Danipur village of Haryana, a temple for Jayalalithaa was built in Chennai and temple for Modi was built in Rajkot. Apart from this, Chalisas have been written on RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav and SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav . Chalisas and puranas have also been written on Mayawati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15174276", "title": "Control room's tactics upset alert citizens", "text": "NAGPUR: A queer response method by city's police control room is likely to discourage a cross-section of the society which is ready to help in bettering policing. Callers are made to furnish details like name and mobile numbers and sometimes even made to identify people involved in the incident reported. This, citizens feel, is putting them at risk.Given this situation, vigilant citizens, who make up for a minuscule percentage of the population, would prefer to shy away from calling up '100' to report a crime or alert the cops.Of late, any citizen wanting to alert the control room is asked to give mobile number. After sometime, the citizen gets a call from the local police station to know the exact location of the incident reported to the control room.A TOI scribe, too, experienced this bizarre working style of the control room recently after he reported an incident about a scuffle outside the Regional Transport office (RTO). After 10 minutes, a head constable from Sitabuldi police station called up the reporter on the cellphone asking him to show the place where the incident took place as he was finding it difficult to locate it.A senior officer said that such a method is being adopted to ensure that cops reach the spot, where intervention is required, at the earliest. \"It is done to quicken the response time and not risk anyone's safety,\" the senior cop explained.In the past, too, a woman had complained about the inconvenience she had to face due to the control room's tactics. She had called up to report a fracas outside her place at Kumbhartoli in Dhantoli. On reaching the spot, police called up the woman to explain the issue and identify people involved. \"I stay at the same place where the fight ensued. Am I not in danger if these people come to know that it was me who had informed the police?\" she questioned.A social worker from Dhantoli, too, said she was being harassed by Jaripatka Police after alerting the control room about rash driving. \"I was asked to come to the police station to file a complaint. All I wanted was to inform the police that a rash biker needed to be stopped from claiming innocent lives,\" she said on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15172454", "title": "Met-row over PPP model", "text": "JAIPUR: Though the Delhi airport Metro express line was the first project (in Metro) under public private partnership (PPP) and had a sordid fate, this has, apprently no impact on phase-II of Jaipur Metro which was also planned under the PPP mode. However, the state government refuses to backtrack and marches ahead with the PPP.The state government has planned to take on phase-II, (Ambabari to Sitapura) a 24 km stretch on PPP model. The cost of the whole project is pegged at Rs 6,238 corer. The state government will invest Rs 1200 cr while the rest will be shared by the company which wins the project under PPP and the central government.But Metro projects initiated under PPP mode in India or elsewhere has either been delayed or have failed miserably. In Mumbai, phase I started in 2006 and still is far from completion. Phase II was supposed to start in 2008 but has been now extended to 2013. Similarly, Hyderabad Metro is expected to be operational by 2017, three years after the initial 2014 deadline, though the project had PPP from the word go.However, the state government said they will go ahead with the PPP mode for phasre II. \"We stand by our decision. Many big companies have shown interest in the project and so far response has been very positive,\" said Shanti Dhariwal, minister, urban development and housing.The experts believe that the state government's decision will be suicidal. \"The Metro project under PPP mode are just not viable. They are cost intensive projects and it is hard for the concessionaire to recover the money invested. They will not come in the first place. If they take up the project it is likely that it will meet the same fate,\" said the official who is a part of a Jaipur metro. He added \"Phase I will get complete on time because the state government is undertaking it\"His views were echoed by the report published by the ministry of urban development on Innovative Financing of Metro Rail projects on April 16, 2012 to the state government. Report reads \"In 113 cities having metro rails across the world, 88% have been developed and are being operated in public sector mode whereas in only 12% cities some form of PPP exists.\"It's also mentioned in the report outside India, no city anywhere in the world (expect the failed experiment of STAR and PUTRA Metro rail in Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia) has attempted provisioning of Metro rail in full city on PPP in the last few decades. Sources believe that the construction cost of the Jaipur and Mumbai Metro is almost similar. But the possibility of returns is bleak in Jaipur. \"The citizens have to develop Metro culture and by the time they are acclimatized to it, the losses will run into crores,\" said the sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "palakkad", "code": "15170497", "title": "MBBS student commits suicide", "text": "PALAKKAD: A third year MBBS student allegedly committed suicide at Karuna Medical College (KMC) at Chittur in Palakkad on Thursday.According to Puthunagaram police, Niyas, son of Muhammed Basheer hailing from Manappullikkavu near Palakkad, jumped off the fourth floor of the medical college hostel around 10.30am. Though he was rushed to the medical college after students found him lying in a pool of blood, his life could not be saved. The body was sent to Thrissur Medical College for autopsy after which it would be handed over to the family.\"Niyas' parents and medical college authorities said that he was good at studies. It seems to be a failure in love affair that had driven him to suicide,\" said Puthunagaram sub inspector KP Benny.Four months back a second year nursing student also committed suicide at the Karuna Medical College.Palakkad: A third-year MBBS student allegedly committed suicide at Karuna Medical College (KMC) at Chittur in Palakkad today.According to Puthunagaram police, the student Niyas, son of Dr Muhammed Basheer hailing from Manappullikkavu near Palakkad jumped off from the fourth floor of the medical college hostel around 10.30 am, apparently depressed over love affair failure.\"Niyas' parents and medical college authorities said Niyas was a good student who performed well in academic activities. Prima facie it is felt failure in love affair forced him for suicide. Niyas was rushed to the medical college after students noticed Niyas lying down in a pool of blood, but his life could not be saved. The body was sent to Thrissur Medical College for post-mortem after which the body will be handed over to the family,\" said Puthunagaram Sub Inspector KP Benny, adding inquiries were made about him from his friends and college staff.A second year nursing student named Sandra has also committed suicide four months back at the Karuna Medical College, started in 2006 and run by Safe Development Alms Trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15174600", "title": "Family in shock, had no inkling of trouble", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fear and shock is writ large on Monika Kapoor's face. As the evening approaches, the mother of Shivam Kapoor starts pulling down curtains and calls her elder son to know about his well-being. After losing Shivam, Monika says she can never forget the night her family spent searching for him.\"It is my loss and I do not understand what happened. I just want to keep my family close,\" said a grieving Monika. She said that like always, Shivam had returned from the shop near Birla Mill and had gone out to meet his friends after dinner.\"Around 10.30pm, I asked my elder son to call him. He said he would be back in 10 minutes,\" said Monika. A second call was made to him after half an hour but his phone was switched off.\"We went to the police station but were told that the complaint would be lodged after 24 hours. We found his scooter parked at the gurdwara,\" said Madhu Kapoor, Shivam's aunt.The family said that nobody made any ransom call. \"He never told us that he was in trouble,\" said Madhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15174152", "title": "Tourism ban opens can of worms in reserves", "text": "NAGPUR: The state temporarily shut the doors of Tadoba for tourists, following the Supreme Court ban verdict on July 24. However, those watching the developments feel the ruling that might build pressure on states to notify buffer zones around tiger reserves has also opened a can of worms in Maharashtra.\"Buffer zones are being delayed in several states to protect political interests. Though the situation in Maharashtra is good, with buffer zones around Pench, Tadoba and Melghat notified two years ago, Sahyadri buffer is being delayed,\" said Nana Khamkar, an NGO working to save Sahyadri.States have been granted three weeks to notify buffers and file comments on utilization and restrictions in core and buffer areas.The petition by Ajay Dubey of Prayatna, Bhopal , will come up for final arguments on August 22. Even Dubey believes buffer zones should be notified and tourism shifted there, so core areas remain inviolate (completely devoid of humans).However, Kishor Rithe, president, Satpuda Foundation, feels unless villages inside reserves are relocated, these areas cannot become inviolate. The pressure of villagers inside the parks is more than tourists, he said.The ban on tourism will have severe implications for Vidarbha's three tiger reserves.\"Our tourism infrastructure is just coming up. For 4-5 tiger reserves with high-end tourism, all reserves in India cannot be punished. You need site-specific measures,\" Rithe said.\"Vidarbha is full of forests and a model based on tiger tourism and allied activities can work well here. Do you want to promote coal mines after imposing tourism ban?\" asked Prafulla Bhamburkar, manager, Wildlife Trust of India (WTI).Wildlife activist Bandu Dhotre of Eco-Pro, Chandrapur, feels the ban is an 'arm-twisting' tactic to get the buffers notified. \"As it is, parks are closed in monsoon. By the time they reopen, court will itself clear the picture,\" he felt.However, there are many practical problems that need to be addressed before the ban. For example, Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR) cancelled all reservations in forest guesthouses inside the core. However, officials are silent regarding effect of SC order on tourists using the two highways passing through the 'core' of the reserve.With sightings rare, there is no tiger tourism in MTR, which is a famous monsoon and forest tourism destination with 24,000 visitors generating Rs19 lakh revenue. There are hardly any private resorts here, with most tourist accommodations owned by the government and situated inside the core area. \"If tourism is banned, how will locals participate in conservation?\" asked Rithe.He says there are 20 villages in MTR, and till they are resettled outside, how do you differentiate between tourist and locals. It is also essential to continue civil supplies and transportation to these villages.The two highways - Paratwada-Dharni and Akot-Harisal state highway are open even during the night, which should stop as per the court order.The Purna-Khandwa railway route also passed through Wan sanctuary, which is in the core of MTR. Wan railway station is inside the core with people from buffer villages using this station. Park managers are silent on banning train traffic.Another issue is of temple tourism with Dhargad temple inside the core visited by thousands during July-August. Many cook food, consume wine, and litter the area. Maybe, the SC order would prove helpful in stopping this biotic pressure!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15179625", "title": "Councillor\u2019s husband assaults corporation workers over unpaid bribe", "text": "CHENNAI: Nothing appears to dampen the spirit of Chennai Corporation's corrupt councillors, not even chief minister J Jayalalithaa reading the riot act to ward officials charged with malpractices and threatening to dissolve the civic body council.Police on Thursday arrested the husband of the Nolambur AIADMK councillor and six of his aides and charged them with assaulting civic workers for refusing to demand bribes from residents of the locality.A police officer said the seven accused, including Ward 143 councillor Nalini's husband Immanuel, and his associates Benny, Babloo alias Dinesh, Ramamurthy, Rohit, David and Raghu have been charged under relevant sections of the IPC.One of the assaulted workers, Udayakumar, 33, suffered fractures and has been admitted to a private hospital in Arumbakkam.The police officer said Immanuel on Tuesday insisted that overhead tank workers Murugeshan and Arjunan take a bribe to connect water and sewage lines to an apartment. \"Immanuel ordered us to collect Rs 1 lakh from the apartment owner,\" Arjunan said. \"But the owner said he had paid Rs 30,000 to the councillor's elder brother for the lines.\"\"Immanuel and his associates thrashed us when we refused to go to the apartment a second time to demand money from the owner,\" Arjunan said.Other civic workers, including Udayakumar, learned about the incident and held a demonstration in front of the ward office on Wednesday afternoon. \"Immanuel and a group of goons came to the ward office armed with steel rods and bricks at 2.30pm,\" Udayakumar said. \"They assaulted the workers with the rods and bricks. Some workers managed to flee but I was trapped. They beat me mercilessly with steel rods.\"Councillor Nalini refused to comment on the incident. The AIADMK has 168 councillors, including 66 women, in the corporation council. Several husbands and relatives of women councillors face complaints about interference in the running of the wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15174722", "title": "Man attempts immolation at Vijay Chowk", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man allegedly tried to commit suicide in front of Vijay Chowk on Thursday. According to police, the man tried to set himself on fire by pouring kerosene on himself. However, some bystanders immediately pushed the man into a nearby fountain and saved his life. The 35-year-old man has been identified as Mukesh Kumar and he is resident of Aligarh.Talking to the media, Mukesh said that his two-year-old daughter was raped in Barelly but UP police has not arrested anyone till now. He even wanted a judicial probe into the matter but the district administration has not been listening to his pleas, Kumar added.According to sources in the Parliament Street police, Kumar had set himself on fire but some bystanders pushed him into water and saved him. \"Doctors at RML Hospital have said that Kumar has received less than 25% burns and is out of danger,'' said a police officer.According to police, they have contacted their Aligarh counterparts. Shockingly, no evidence so far shows that Kumar's daughter was raped. \"He came to Delhi on Thursday only. We need to talk to UP police and Kumar's family members (who are yet to arrive) to ascertain the truth,'' said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15171699", "title": "'Power-hungry Congress men fuelled clashes'", "text": "GUWAHATI: Team Anna core committee member and Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) leader Akhil Gogoi on Thursday alleged that a third force, who wants to malign the image of the Tarun Gogoi government in the state, instigated the ethnic clashes in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC). He said the third force was also behind the attacks on him (Akhil), Congress legislator Rumi Nath and the July 9 GS Road molestation of a girl.\"The third force has its roots inside the Congress government. The attack on Rumi Nath, me and the GS Road molestation case took place soon after an internal squabble in the state Congress recently. This cannot be taken casually. Some people in the Congress, who are hungry for power, are responsible for these four incidents,\" Akhil said.Anna Hazare sent Akhil to Assam to review the situation arising out of the ethnic clashes in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) area. Akhil was in New Delhi till Thursday morning, where Anna Hazare is on an indefinite fast against the UPA government demanding strong Lokpal Bill.Shortly after arriving in Guwahati on Thursday, Akhil joined the protests of the India Against Corruption's Assam chapter and the KMSS in support of a strong Jan Lokpal. \"Anna Hazare and other core committee members of Team Anna requested me to leave for Assam to take stock of the situation here as the ethnic violence has left thousands of people homeless,\" Akhil said.He also urged the Centre to reconsider its decision to grant 6th schedule status to the BTC. \"In the districts under BTC, people of various communities live together. Many plain areas in western Assam were brought under the 6th schedule of the Constitution, which is also one of the causes of the ongoing disturbances in the BTC area,\" the RTI activist said.He said the whole concept of the BTC should be reconsidered and more powes should be decentralized to the people of Bodoland. \"The Bodoland Peoples' Front has failed in providing security to both the Bodos and non-Bodos in the BTC area,\" said Akhil.The KMSS leader blamed the illegal influx from Bangladesh as one of the factors of the clash between the Bodos and the Muslims, but slammed the administration in the BTC for failing to protect the non-Bodo communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15175003", "title": "BSP workers, citizens vent their ire through protests", "text": "LUCKNOW: BSP used the incident to galvanise its cadre. Party workers staged demonstrations in various parts of the state against the damage done to the Mayawati's statute.In Lucknow, BSP leaders Swami Prasad Maurya and Nakul Dubey staged a demonstration at Ambedkar's statue in Hazratganj. Raising anti-government slogans, they demanded immediate action against the persons behind the act. Later, the leaders along with party supporters proceeded towards the Dharna Sthal and blocked traffic.J Kishore Anand along with his two colleagues - Neeraj and Shiv had come all the way from Agra for some official work in UP secretariat. However, everything halted as soon as they came to know about the vandalisation of Mayawati's statue on Thursday. The trio said that they would not leave the spot till the state government replaces the statue. They also decided to stay there and keep an eye on the activities being undertaken by the administration.Subdued anger was clearly visible on the faces of Bahujan Samaj Party workers, and they were seen moving around the Bhimrao Ambedkar Samajik Parivartan Sthal, Gomtinagar along with policemen.BSP leader from Aonla, Sajid Ali Khan alleged that the ruling government is behind the incident. \"The SP leaders had said that they would raze all dalit statues, if they come to power and they have done it,\" he asserted. Shyamu Thakur from Ballia's Beria constituency upheld the feelings and said, \"The SP government has hurt the sentiments of the entire dalit community.\" Not just the workers, onlookers too were unhappy over what had happened. \"This is no way to express resentment. This will only disturb peace,\" said Shalini Verma, a school teacher who teaches in Gomtinagar. PV Ramesh, who was going to pick his son from a school in Vineet Khand, stated that those behind the mishap should be booked.\"We live in a country that respects tolerance for others' beliefs. And Lucknow is more sensitive to the characteristic. Those who have tried to snap the fabric of open-mindedness must be sent to jail,\" he said. In Mathura, BSP workers allegedly torched an oil tanker and an UPSRTC bus and damaged over a dozen other passing vehicles.In Firozabad, police canecharged the agitating BSP workers. In Kanpur, many BSP workers were injured when the police used force to disperse them. Similar protests were reported from Meerut, Jhansi, Allahabad, Ambedkarnagar and Muzaffarnagar. Speaking to reporters, director general of police AC Sharma said BSP supporters will not be allowed to disturb law and order in the state. \"Directions have been issued to sternly tackle the demonstrations and protests and ensure that peace prevails,\" he said.The protests, however, fizzled out soon after the Lucknow administration informed the BSP leaders about the installation of a new statue of Maya to replace the damaged one. Following the development, Maurya suspended the protests. Political analysts praised the Akhilesh government decision.\"He didn't give BSP a chance to take advantage of the situation and corner them,\" said an analyst. But, some said the SP didn't have any other option.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15178416", "title": "Bhagya Shivamurthy of JD(S) is new Mysore zilla panchayat president", "text": "MYSORE: Bhagya Shivamurthy of the JD(S) has been elected president of Mysore zilla panchayat.In an election held on Thursday, BJP's Bhagyalakshmi, who defeated her opponent T Jawaraiah of the Congress, was elected vice-president. Both of them won the polls with a margin of four votes.The election was necessitated owing to the resignation of ZP president Sunitha Veerappagowda as per the pact between the JD(S) and the BJP before the elections. Vice president Shivaram too resigned earlier this month. Four candidates were in the fray. For ZP's vice president post, three nomination papers were submitted by two candidates.Bhagya Shivmurthy polled 25 votes while her opponent Nandini secured 21 votes. When Bhagyalakshmi got 25 votes, Jawaraiah bagged 21 votes.The term of the newly elected president and vice-president is three months. They will be in office till October 10, Mysore regional commissioner and returning officer M V Jayanthi said. Deputy commissioner P S Vastrad and additional deputy commissioner Naganayak %were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15177622", "title": "Lohardaga panchayat reps call 'chakka jam' on Aug 8", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Panchayat representatives in Lohardaga have given a call for a 'chakka jam' as part of a state wide programme on August 8 to press for their demands. This was decided at a meeting of panchayat representatives here on Wednesday, Lohardaga District Council chairman Jayvanti Kumari Bhagat said.Bhagat said the Jharkhand Rajya Panchayat Parishad (JRPP) had given the call for 'chakka-jam' on August 8. Bhagat heads the Lohardaga wing of the JRPP.Giving reasons for the 'chakka jam' call, Bhagat said: \"Even after one-and-a-half years of panchayat elections the state government is yet to provide rights under Panchayat Rule, 2001 to the elected leaders. Eight months back special secretary to the state government had ordered DCs in districts to reform DRDA but no action has yet been taken,\" she said.\"We are organizing a 'chakka-jam' demanding implementation of rights provided under the 73rd amendment in the Constitution, merger of DRDA rights with district co would be kept out of the purview of the chakka jam council etc, said Samil Oraon, a district council member. He said the 'chakka-jam' would be a complete success. Emergency services, besides schools and media would be kept out of the chakka jam's purview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15172998", "title": "Man lynched for molesting 12-year-old", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old air-conditioner mechanic died at Sion hospital on Wednesday after he was reportedly kicked and his head was banged on a wall by his ex-boss, allegedly for molesting the latter's 12-year-old daughter, the previous day.The incident occurred around 7pm when the Std VIII girl's parents\u2014businessman Naziruddin Shaikh (32) and his wife Shamim Bano (27) and a relative Junnuddin Shaikh (32)\u2014got to know that the victim Khurshid Shaikh had misbehaved with her, the Vinoba Bhave Nagar police said.DCP (zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni said, \"Khurshid had gone to the businessman's house where he met the girl. He then misbehaved with her. On hearing the girl's scream, a neighbour rushed to her and thrashed Khurshid. Somehow he managed to flee at that time. Later, the girl's parents picked him up from his house when they learnt about the incident.\"Khurshid was employed for two months at Naziruddin's AC workshop in Kurla (W). Khurshid left the job a month-and-a-half ago and joined another AC workshop in the neighbourhood. \"Around 7pm, five people barged into my house at Gurudatt Nagar in Kurla (W) and forcibly took Khurshid along with them. Later, it was learnt that they have brutally assaulted him,\" said Mohammed Shaikh, said Khurshid's roommate, in his complaint.When Naziruddin saw Khurshid had lost consciousness after the assault, he took him to Sion hospital. The three accused were arrested on Wednesday after Khurshid died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15187674", "title": "Nargis caught with Uday Chopra", "text": "Nargis Fakhri , who shot to the limelight the first time on a reality show in the US, seems to be woefully ignorant about the ways of the media. Either that, or she needs a crash course in dealing with the attention she seems to crave and yet is squeamish about.On Wednesday evening, Nargis and Uday Chopra were spotted together at a suburban theatre. The Rockstar actress did not seem to have any issues with the shutterbugs and posed happily for pictures. In fact, if you remember,TOI was the first to tell you that Nargis and Uday are the newest couple on the block. We had also told you how Uday took Nargis home to meet his parents.On Thursday morning however, Nargis seemed to have changed her mind. She tweeted: I'm just wondering if paparazzi can cause an epileptic 2 have a seizure when they sneak up on people &amp; start snapping pics.Even as we tried to make sense of Nargis' mood swings, it struck us this isn't the first time the actress has been a bit of a tease as far as the media is concerned. Not too long ago at Karan Johar's big birthday bash, the actress was spotted saying a prolonged goodbye to Ness Wadia. However, at that time, her publicist claimed the actress did not even know Ness. On another occasion, Nargis was snapped dancing on a table in a suburban restaurant with Ranbir Kapoor. Yet on another occasion, she was caught on camera wearing the shirt Ayaan Mukherjee had worn the previous day.Each time round, she went ahead and rubbished any such claims despite there being photographs as proof. Well, it is the same Nargis, whose friend called the paparazzi to announce her arrival at Mumbai airport. Only, she was travelling alone at that time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15173361", "title": "Hang me if I am guilty, Modi tells Urdu weekly", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In an ambitious outreach to Muslims which drew sharp political reactions, Gujarat CM Narendra Modi chose an Urdu weekly to proclaim his innocence in the killing of Muslims on his watch in 2002, saying he should be hanged if found guilty.\"Hang me if I am guilty (Main gunehgaar hoon toh mujhe phaansi par latkaa do)\", the Hindutva strongman told Nai Duniya, edited by former Rajya Sabha SP member Shahid Siddiqui. Although he said he should be hanged if his guilt is proven, Modi refused to offer an apology for the 2002 communal violence.HRD minister Kapil Sibal accused Modi of playing to the gallery in view of the forthcoming Gujarat election, saying \"let the CM allow an FIR to be lodged in any police station in Gujarat\". CPM general secretary Prakash Karat echoed the charge, saying, \"The interview has been given with the election in mind. First there must be a fair investigation into the 2002 riots.\"Seeking to build on his attempt to neutralize Muslim hostility by holding Sadbhavana Yatras, Modi rebutted the charge of personal complicity in the large scale killing of Muslims in the communal riots. He said he wasted no time in calling in the Army to deal with the violence, citing a press communique issued by the state government to buttress his contention.\"On February 27, I told my officers to contact the Army. The Army said all their personnel were deployed at the border because of the Parliament attack...I said those working in certain sectors would definitely not have gone to the border. At least get them here,\" Modi told Siddiqui.The Gujarat CM, whose perceived failure to curb the violence is widely believed to have contributed to BJP's shock defeat in 2004 general election, said he had given \"shoot-at-sight\" instructions to police to tackle the rioters. The Hindutva hardliner denied the charge that he prevented policemen from rushing to the rescue of Muslims, adding the Congress government at the Centre would not have spared him if charges leveled against him were indeed true.To a question that he had ordered inaction for 48 hours, Modi said, \"whoever said that should have faith in the SC. You need to repose faith in someone. SC appointed committee has come out with a report. For the first time a riot was investigated. Faith should be reposed in that.\"The CM said, \"My press statement shows that I gave shoot at sight orders.\"The interview is on the cover of the weekly, and runs into six pages covering post-Godhra riots, the state of Muslims in Gujarat and other sensitive issues.The comments, coming from someone who seemed to revel in his strongman image, are significant and underline an attempt at image correction to enhance his acceptability in the lead up to the 2014 parliamentary polls. However, it is the choice of the medium, an Urdu daily edited by a former SP MP, which betrays an anxiety to reach out to Muslims and to counter the \"mass murderer\" charge \u2014 again a pointer to his keenness to connect with Muslims.Significantly, Modi would earlier walk out of television talk shows when prodded on the riots.The interview, his first to an Urdu publication, was conducted by Siddiqui after Modi agreed to his condition for an extempore question-answer session. Modi had first asked for a list of questions Siddiqui planned to ask, but did not flinch when the editor insisted on an unrehearsed interview.Siddiqui was certain that Modi would not agree to an interview until he, at the instance of Salim Khan, script writer of Sholay fame and father of Bollywood hero Salman, asked him to give it a shot. Filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt was also present, when Salim Khan made the suggestion.Modi's office got back within a week.The interview came against the backdrop of clear indications that Modi may not have been able to live down his image as the perpetrator of riots despite the passage of time. His presence in BJP's top tier helps party's rivals to mobilize Muslims against BJP when the goal of Hindu consolidation remains elusive. Signs that a strong section in the party may wish to project the Gujarat CM as BJP's choice for Prime Minister have generated unrest within NDA itself with Bihar CM Nitish Kumar, worried about losing Muslim vote, making it plain that he would never be party to such a political project.The resistance, from outside and within, threaten to scupper the pitch for Modi, who, after having won three consecutive victories in Gujarat and conscious of his all-India pull, may be chaffing at being confined to the state.\"We were discussing Gujarat at a common friend's place when both Salim saab and Bhatt saab suggested that a dialogue is a must to resolve any issue. I never thought Modi would agree to an interview that focused on post-Godhra riots,\" Siddiqui, editor of Nai Duniya, told TOI.When contacted, Bhatt confirmed he had a discussion with Siddiqui at the residence of Gujarati businessman Zafar Sareshwala. \"Shahid did his job as a journalist. It will be unfortunate if the write-up is used as a PR exercise,\" said Bhatt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15170705", "title": "Power tariff hike triggers solar fever", "text": "KOCHI: With KSEB hiking power tariff in the state, the Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) is toying with the idea of tapping solar energy to bring down its electricity bills. The metropolitan authority plans to install solar panels at its headquarters in Kadavanthara as well as the shopping complexes it owns in the city.GCDA chairman N Venugopal said the authority would get the details of the electricity charges it pays under various heads. \"The power tariff hike will reflect in our bills. So we are planning to use solar energy to bring down our expenses,\" he said.As an initial step, GCDA will ask interested firms to demonstrate before its officials the efficiency of solar panels, lights and other equipment.The chairman said a project proposal would be drafted depending on the success of the trial.\"Marine Drive and Rajendra Maidan will also reap the benefits of solar energy. With the Centre providing subsidy for solar energy projects, it will be easy for GCDA to generate the required funds,\" he said.Meanwhile, the Kochi Corporation has informed that it would speed up the process of installing energy saving lamps ( CFL) on its streets. The local body is also considering installing solar panels in its buildings with the help of the subsidy provided by the government.\"Currently we are spending more than Rs 25 lakh a month on electricity charges. With the tariff hike coming into effect, the corporation will be forced to shell out an even bigger amount, straining our financial resources,\" said corporation secretary Ajit Patel.He said that before implementing solar energy-based projects, the civic body would study its efficiency as the success of these devices would largely depend on the weather conditions in the city.As solar panels require huge initial investment, the corporation will also have to do a feasibility study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15179425", "title": "Court rejects Pascal's bail plea", "text": "BANGALORE: The first fast track court on Thursday rejected the bail plea of Pascal Mazurier, deputy director of chancery in the French consulate here. He was arrested after his wife accused him of raping their four-year-old daughter.Pascal is in Parapanna Agrahara jail.The judge GR Patil cited the presence of direct evidence as a ground for rejecting bail. Sources said the magistrate cited four main points. He observed that the victim pointed a finger towards her father in her statement, and the domestic help stated the father was with the child in the bedroom when the alleged incident took place.The magistrate is said to have observed that existing evidence rendered the \"ambiguous DNA report\" difficult to accept. While the scientific investigation is incomplete, the complaint, the victim's statement and evidence gathered weighed against granting of bail, the court is said to observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15177105", "title": "Patna's sanitation work outsourced", "text": "PATNA: The state capital will be a cleaner and more beautiful city by next year, claimed deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi here on Thursday. He said the government has now outsourced the task of cleaning the city to a new company.Inaugurating a two-day training of trainers (TOT) programme on municipal solid waste and plastic waste management organized by Environment Protection Training and Researched Institute (EPTRI), Hyderabad an Andhra government institute, in association with Bihar State Pollution Control Board (BSPCB), Modi said, \"This new company will be responsible for cleaning all the wards of the state capital. It will include door-to-door collection of garbage, dumping it at the land fill site and their disposal.Earlier, another company named A2Z Infrastructure was given the task of waste management in several cities including Patna , but it failed to do the job satisfactorily, Modi added.\"It is impossible to keep the city clean with the present manpower; we need mechanical intervention, but machines should be strong enough to be used in Indian context,\" said Modi. After the outsourcing of waste management, no municipal employee would lose his job, he stated.Speaking on the occasion, Deepak Kumar Singh, secretary, state environment and forest department, said, \"We need to create awareness about hygiene. By proper disposal and recycling of waste, we cannot only get rid of diseases but also earn more money.\"Subhash Chandra Singh, chairman, BSPCB, said, \"We are planning to start campaign in various districts about the use of recyclable waste and to create awareness about the disease caused by garbage.\"P Prasad Rao, head of environment and sustainable development division, EPTRI, said, \"In 2000, the Centre had asked all the states to install waste management units by 2003 but not all states have an effective system yet. Under the Government of India plan, we are carrying out TOT programme in nine states... with the aim to prepare a team of master trainers and ensure people's participation in scientific management of municipal solid waste and plastic waste.\"Asha Pandey, an environmental scientist, EPTRI, said, \"Like Bhopal and Nagpur that utilize plastic waste in making cement and fuel oil respectively, other cities too should try to utilize plastic waste.\"Around 70 participants, including academics, executives from municipal bodies and representatives of NGOs, are presenting their papers on different subjects at the TOT programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15178906", "title": "Natural alternative for synthetic colours", "text": "HUBLI: In a bid to come up with eco-friendly clothing material, Department of Textile and Apparels, University of Agricultural Science of Dharwad, has come up with naturally-dyed apparels after a series of experiments and research.The university is also providing training on the use of natural colours instead of synthetic ones. Besides conducting research on eco-friendly colours, the department is extracting natural colours from plants, flowers, tree barks, leaves and even from dry leaves. With the help of red sandal bark, areca nuts, marigold, chrysanthemum, pomegranate, mahogany tree and their by products, the department is extracting natural colours.Dr Geeta Mahale, a professor in textile and apparels department, told TOI that they are conducting researches to make permanent imprint of natural colours on apparels. The department says these are herbal cloths which will not fade away even after several washes. These are hygienic and skin-friendly too, protecting the cloth from bacteria and fungus, Mahale said.A number of people who have got training on how to produce eco-friendly apparels have become entrepreneurs and are successfully running eco-friendly apparel manufacturing units, she said. Gopi Krishna, an entrepreneur from Bailhongal, said though he has both synthetic and natural dyeing units in his factory, he is getting a better response for eco-friendly materials. These are comfortable to wear and so customers go for these apparels, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15173924", "title": "Students take stage on Day 2 to support Jan Lokpal Bill", "text": "BANGALORE: Two persons fell sick as their blood pressure fluctuated, but India Against Corruption (IAC) volunteers on Thursday kept up with their indefinite protest against the government's failed attempts to bring a stringent draft on the Jan Lokpal Bill . Nearly 34 volunteers started their indefinite fast at Freedom Park on Wednesday; 18 continued on Thursday and four new volunteers joined them. IAC volunteer and member of Anna Hazare's core team, Prithvi Reddy, said many volunteers are holding only a day-long fast. The government has arranged for an ambulance at Freedom Park; doctors are on duty to attend to volunteers twice every day. Bringing a change to the usual patriotic songs and speeches, IAC volunteers threw open the stage to students to debate whether corruption can be curbed or not. \"Maharani Ammani College, Maharani's College, Government Science College and Seshadripuram College sent at least two students to debate on the subject,\" said Reddy.While the crowd believed that corruption can be fo8ught, the boys and gi8rls on stage debated that unless corruption is rooted out, development will be a far cry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15188867", "title": "Ranbir Kapoor pleads guilty in smoking case", "text": "Ranbir Kapoor, who had been accused of publicly smoking at Ghangaur Ghat in Udaipur, Rajasthan on March 28 this year, yesterday pleaded  guilty to the charges. The actor also sought exemption from personal appearance in the case.Advocate K K Purohit, who represented the actor in court, said, \"We filed an application pleading guilty to the charges under the Rajasthan Prevention of Smoking Act and seeking exemption for Kapoor's personal appearance before the court.\" Purohit pleaded the offence was mistakenly committed by Ranbir and that the actor has assured the court this kind of thing will not be repeated again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15180896", "title": "Errant auto drivers stay a step ahead of RTO", "text": "MUMBAI: The rampant tampering of autorickshaw meters in Mumbai shows how errant drivers always manage to stay a step ahead of law enforcing authorities. Eleven months of checking by the RTO and stiffer punishments made no difference at all, drivers still tamper meters for a quick buck.\"Whenever we had drives against meter tampering, especially between September and December last year and in June-July , the cartel of notorious drivers changed their area of operation to hoodwink authorities ,\" said an RTO official. For example, those who operated in Andheri would shift to Borivli or Bandra if there were checks in Andheri. Sources said the drivers had their own network of informants who would \"tip them off \" about RTO checks. \"It is sometimes difficult to nab the bigger offenders ,\" an official said.Drivers often bribe a few traffic cops collectively so they can haggle with commuters outside auto stands, sources said. These drivers take more than three passengers and charge \"fixed\" inflated fares. Earlier this year, when fines were doubled, most drivers rigged mechanical meters and made at least Rs 2,000 to Rs 3,000 a day. A driver, who did not wish to be named, said, \"I have a tampered meter, but we need money to pay the fines. We keep Rs 4,000 aside and continue earning more. If caught, we simply pay the fine and are back on the road next day.\"To curb this menace, e-meters were made mandatory for existing autos. The drivers then identified the loophole in the new rule: \"Only those autos who come for fitness tests will switch to e-meters .\" Before the rule could be implemented from April 1, thousands of autos got fitness tests done in March so the next test would be mandatory only in March 2013. Till that time, these drivers can continue with old meters and fleece passengers. Some drivers who installed e-meters bribed meter mechanics to tamper the gadgets even after the RTO sealed them as \"tamper proof\" . The transport commissioner then issued orders that FIRs be registered against drivers and they be arrested . But arrests too made no difference as one could easily be out on bail. Cancelling permits seems to be the only big deterrent, officials said.Shridhar Nayak, a commuter , said, \"The RTO should catch offenders and cancel permits . If they are thrown out of business, they will be pinched where it hurts the most.\" Activist Shirish Deshpande from Mumbai Grahak Panchayat said, \"The cheats don't deserve to be self employed if they fleece passengers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15175425", "title": "Tough road ahead for tipplers in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: If the Madurai district administration has its way, tipplers in the city will face a daunting task soon. The administration has decided to come down heavily on two-wheeler and four-wheeler owners who frequent Tasmac shops for a couple of drinks and then drive back home in their vehicles.District collector, Anshul Mishra during the road safety and traffic advisory committee meeting held on Thursday instructed the police to file cases against people visiting Tasmac shops bars in two-wheelers and four-wheelers for drunken driving. \"They have to use public transport. It is an offence to drive vehicles after consuming alcohol,\" he said. He instructed the police department when the topic on drunken driving came up for discussion. \"Most of the accidents happen due to drunken driving,\" he added.Discussing the measures to ease traffic congestion in the city limits, the meeting decided to evict the encroachments on pedestrian paths near the Meenakshi Amman temple for which a team of revenue, corporation and police officials will oversee the arrangements.When the issue of wholesale traders still operating from East Masi Street in the heart of the city came up, though the foodgrains market at Koodal Nagar with government subsidy has been constructed, Mishra informed that a study will be done and necessary measures will be taken in this regard. On queries about the shifting of both the onion wholesale market from East Marret Street and fruit market from Yanaikal to Mattuthavani to ease traffic congestion in the city, the collector instructed the corporation officials to look into the issues.A consumer activist pointed out that the parking area of a hospital at Bypass Road on Sivaganga Road has been used for other purposes and vehicles are being parked outside the hospital. Responding to this, Mishra instructed the corporation officials to issue a strong notice to the hospital. He also reminded the parking places of commercial buildings in the district which are being used for other purposes should be reverted back as parking areas within the stipulated time.As a safety measure, the collector asked the highways department to construct speed breakers in the panchayat union roads where they converge with the highways. The collector also advised the police to send challans to the residential addresses of the traffic offenders caught in CCTV cameras, which have been installed in the city limits.He also instructed that the traffic police should book more number of cases against those using mobile phones while driving. It was also decided to take measures against share autos and mini buses that encroach the space in the bus stands. He also warned the share auto drivers not to carry more than three person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "15173633", "title": "Beatles legend Sir Paul McCartney wants elephant set free", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Beatles legend Sir Paul McCartney, took a break from rehearsals for his performance at the London Olympics, to write to the forest minister Patangrao Kadam highlighting the plight of a baby elephant in a Kolhapur temple.McCartney urged the minister to to free the baby elephant, 'Sunder', from Jyotiba temple in Kolhapur. \"I have seen Sunder's photographs. The elephant is kept alone in a shed at the temple and put in chains with spikes,\" McCartney wrote in the letter.\"I respectfully call on you to get Sunder out,\" the letter added. McCartney's plea follows PETA India's discovery that Sunder was being abused by his 'mahout' (handler). Sunder sustained severe injuries after his handler jabbed an 'ankus' (a sharp metal poker) into the elephant's right eye. The mahout is on the run after the issue came to light. According to campaigners, the elephant is chained up in sharp spikes and in confinement inside a crammed shed.\"There are lesions all over Sunder's body, indicating beatings by the mahout,\" said Dr Manilal Valliyate of PETA India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15171804", "title": "Authority offers plots to displaced nursing homes", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has launched a scheme to rehabilitate the 50-odd nursing homes displaced by a Supreme Court order. The Authority has invited bids for non-residential plots ranging between 1,000 and 2,000 square metres across the city. Nursing homes having annual turnover of more than Rs 50 lakh can bid for a plot having an area of at least 1,000 metres, while those with an annual turnover of more than Rs 1 crore only buy plots of up to 2,000 sqm.The scheme was approved in the Authority's board meeting on Wednesday. Those nursing home owners, who had to shut operations from residential plots following the directions of the Supreme Court on December 5 last year, can apply for the alternate plots by August 6.To begin with, a scheme for 11 plots across the city, ranging between 1,000 and 2,000 sqm, has been launched. In case more nursing homes show interest, the Authority will think about allotting more plots. Noida Authority CEO, Sanjiv Saran, said that the price of the plots will be at par with prevailing prices in the sectors where they will be located.The Authority's decision to help the displaced nursing homes relocate is in accordance with the Supreme Court order dated May 4, 2012. The court had at the time directed the Authority to allot land at reasonable rates within three months.The court had also clarified that the benefit will not apply to individual doctors.Following the December 5, 2011 Supreme Court ruling directing all nursing homes and banks to shift out of residential plots, the Noida Authority had directed them to shut operations immediately. The Authority then conducted a new survey of the residential sectors to identify defaulting nursing homes and to segregate them from clinics that are operating from the permissible 25% area of the total FAR of residential plots.Displaced nursing home owners then approached the apex court seeking relief. Subsequently, the Supreme Court permitted clinics to house one bed for emergency cases on the condition that the area of operation would be restricted to the permissible 25% area of the ground floor of their respective premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15172993", "title": "They don't give a hoot to ban on pressure horns", "text": "INDORE: Hooters, sirens are types of pressure horns the government have banned under the noise pollution (regulation and control) rules. But such ear-piercing horns can be heard commonly on streets of Indore.Places like hospitals, schools, seminaries come under the silence zone and there is a set of standard for use of horns in such areas. According to the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB), silence zone is the area comprising not less than 100 m around hospitals, educational institutions, courts, religious places or any other area, which is declared as such by the competent authority and no horn shall be used in silence zones or during night time in residential areas except during a public emergency.But not many follow the rules set by the government concerning noise pollution standards. Lucky Mahadik, a student, says \"I own a modified Apache, for which I installed a Root Vibro sonic this isn't a banned horn but is awfully noisy, and that's the reason I got in the first place.\" Deep, who owns Bharat Car Decor in Siaganj, said \"We normally don't keep pressure horns in our store, but they are easily available in the market. Some horns that are not banned, but can be noisy like Vibro Sonic horns that are available at most stores\"Chief chemist and lab in-charge for M P Pollution Control Board Aparna Bapat said \"It gets irritating when you have to deal with such noisy horns on streets despite signboards displaying use of horns forbidden in high court and hospitals.\" Says Aparna, \"Pressure horns affect your hearing ability and pose problems for elderly people.\"CPCB noise pollution standards (in dB)Day Time Night Time(A) Industrial area75 70(B) Commercial area65 55(C) Residential area55 45(D) Silence Zone50 40", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15176147", "title": "Sunderbans tiger brought to Kolkata zoo for treatment", "text": "KOLKATA: Sunderbans Tiger Reserve (STR) officers on Thursday captured a tiger after tranquilizing it and brought it to Alipore zoo hospital for treatment. However, some National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) officials are not happy over the hurried manner in which the big cat was brought to the city zoo for treatment, without even informing them.STR officials patrolling the stretch near Pirkhali VI on Wednesday morning first spotted the tiger sitting on the edge of the island. \"We kept an eye on it for 24 hours. On finding that there was not much movement, we decided to tranquillize it on Thursday morning so that it can be brought to the zoo for emergency treatment,\" said Sunderbans Tiger Reserve (STR) field director Subrat Mukherji.Accordingly, the STR officials tranquillized the tiger around 10.30 on Thursday morning and brought it to the Alipore zoo for treatment. Mukherji said that there were no external injury marks on the body and it is aged around eight to nine years.Meanwhile, some NTCA officials are miffed over the manner in which the big cat was brought to the zoo without even informing them. \"The STR officials should have informed us. How could they decide that the tiger was ill and took the wild animal under captivity?\" said an NTCA official seeking anonymity. However, chief wildlife warden SB Mondal said that since it was an emergency purpose, they had to bring the big cat to the zoo first for treatment. \"We will inform the NTCA officials on Friday. They can come over to the zoo and have a look,\" Mondal added.It may be noted that in last three years, this is the fifth instance of a tiger being captured from the forest and brought to the city for treatment. Of the four tigers captured before, two were released back to the wild after treatment. Two are still undergoing treatment in the zoo hospital and the foresters claimed that they would be released soon.In an earlier incident, the STR director had come under the lens after he ordered the capture of a tiger thinking that it might stray into human habitat. This was, however, done without necessary permission from the chief wildlife warden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15177918", "title": "Will UT have its assembly?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The demand for a legislative assembly for Chandigarh has been raised in the past by social groups as well as political parties, like the BJP, but it was never taken up at any platform. On Friday, members of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Home Affairs will discuss the matter with the UT administration. The committee members will also discuss alternatives to the legislative assembly including elected bodies like a pradesh council or executive councillors.There has been an incessant debate over the pros and cons of having the present bureaucratic system running the city's affairs under the UT administrator's supervision, without much political presence, expect for an MP and municipal corporation councillors. Resident Welfare Associations in different parts of the city, under the federation of sectors welfare association of Chandigarh will also raise the demand with committee members.Talking about the issue, former city MP Satya Pal Jain said, \"Bureaucrats are running the city. But sometimes officials tend to become inaccessible to the common man, therefore there is dire need to have a legislative assembly in the city. Even a file related to the smallest of public issues keeps shuttling between one table to the other for years. Now the time has come that the city has its own legislative assembly as it has had the status of UT for many years now.\"\"Pondicherry, a UT, besides states like Goa and Sikkim are very small, but these have 30, 40 and 32 member legislative assemblies respectively. Chandigarh has a 36-member MC, which is powerless,\" he added. Convener of local wing of BSP Hafiz Anwar-ul-Haq said, \"A legislative assembly is needed in the city, as people are not even getting basic amenities like water and power. \"\"There is an inter-state dispute between Punjab and Haryana over their claim on Chandigarh. In such a scenario there is no chance of the UT having a legislative assembly,\" said former city mayor Subash Chawla. Local MP Pawan Kumar Bansal said, \"I have my view on the issue, but it is not right that I say anything when the committee is here to discuss the issue. Let them talk about the issue with the people and other groups. I too will meet the committee members on Friday and only then will I be in a position to say anything on the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15176327", "title": "7-member panel frames water policy for West Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government is framing a water policy, in line with the national policy, for protection and judicious use of ground and surface water. The Bengal government is framing its water policy for protection and judicious use of ground and surface water.A draft national water policy, recommended by the National Water Board, has already been framed in June 2012 - initiated by the Union water resources ministry. The policy mentions that states may need to frame or re-draft their water policy to bring it in tune with the national policy.According to water resources investigation minister, Soumendra Nath Mahapatra, a seven-member committee has already been formed on this, headed by the department secretary TK Ghosh, the department secretary. Mahapatra said that the policy is likely to be framed by October.Due to the increase in population and, because of the limited resource, there is a possibility of huge water conflicts in future, says the national draft policy. Therefore, there is need to identify the problem areas and frame policies for availability of safe drinking water in future. The national policy - and following it, the state policy - is being framed keeping this in mind.According to the national policy, the water use infrastructure in the water-rich eastern and north eastern regions of India is weak, the water use infrastructure is weak and needs to be strengthened in the interest of food security. Therefore, the states will also have to keep this in focus when it frames its own policy.There will be mapping of different aquifers to know the quantum and quality of ground water resources, arrest of declining ground water levels in over exploited areas need to be arrested and where necessary, setting up of artificial recharging projects are hence essential. have to be undertaken so that extraction is less than the recharge.The national policy also talks about water pricing once the basic needs of the poor and their livelihood have been protected. Besides, Apart from this, the policy also asks water regulatory authority to be established in every state. For protection and conservation of water, punitive measures will be implemented against those who pollute these bodies.At the national and state levels, forums to evolve consensus on water- related issues can be set up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15178333", "title": "Rare surgery saves Hazaribag boy", "text": "HAZARIBAG: In a rare operation conducted by a team of doctors at Hazaribag Sadar Hospital on Wednesday, 10-year-old Manoj Kumar Das was saved.Surgeon Vijay Shankar said it was the rarest of the rare case in medical science in which 10mm steel rods pierced through Manoj's neck protruding out of his mouth. The doctor said that as soon as the boy was brought to the hospital for treatment by his parents they were in a fix as to how the boy could be saved.Although the boy is out of danger after spending nearly 18 hours in the ICU, they were strictly monitoring his condition, he added.Deciding on surgery even with limited facilities at the hospital Shankar and his colleague Pankaj Kumar took the plunge. \"We have succeeded in saving the boy by removing the rods. He further said all the medicines were provided by the hospital authorities.\"The boy showed tremendous courage even in that dismal state,\" he said.The child on Wednesday was playing in the colony on the outskirts of Hazaribag when one of his slippers was washed away by drain water following heavy rains. In a bid to collect the slipper, he leaned forward but tripped and was soon swept away by the current. But the worst was still to come. Exposed steel rods from a broken slab in the drain pierced his neck following which he started bleeding. A neighbour who was passing by saw the condition of the boy and raised alarm for help.Another neighbour quickly brought a hacksaw blade, cut the rod and fished him out of the drain. The parents of the victim said that they were indebted to the doctors and people of the locality who saved Manoj's life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15173715", "title": "US has very important relationship with India: White House", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US has a very important relationship with India, the White House said on Thursday.\"We have a very important relationship with India,\" White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters at his daily news conference responding to questions on recent cover story by the Time magazine in which Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was described as an \"underachiever\".\"What President ( Barack Obama ) thinks of India's Prime Minister Manmohan or his relationship with him?\" Carney was asked.\"I haven't had that conversation with him. I mean, we have a very important relationship with India, as you know, but I haven't had that conversation with him lately,\" Carney responded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15177392", "title": "Fill potholes across city: Uddhav Nimse", "text": "NASHIK: The standing committee (SC) of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Thursday directed the municipal commissioner to fill potholes on the roads across the city due to rains and make the city pothole-free soon.The issue of potholes on the city roads was raised by the members at the meeting of the standing committee on Thursday. The members accused the NMC administration for their negligence in performing their duties.The standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse directed the municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare to level the potholes on the roads across the city at the earliest.Earlier, Shiv Sena corporator Ajay Boraste had slammed NMC officials for not making provision forleveling potholes on the city roads although monsoon has already begun. The city has so far received only moderate rainfall. The standing committee members Seema Hiray, Vishal Gholap, Vaishali Dani and Prakash Londhe also complained the NMC officials for showing negligence in leveling potholes.The city engineer of NMC Sunil Khune said, \"The length of the city roads is around 2,000 km. Every year, NMC makes a provision of Rs. 30-40 lakh for each prabhag for road repairs and leveling of potholes during monsoon. Tenders are invited to carry out these works. We will soon invite tenders to carry out the road repairs and potholes leveling works.\"We had asked the public works department to fill all the potholes before rainy season. In many places, potholes have been filled. I will once again ask them do the needful. We, too, have received complaints from the old city areas regarding potholes. We have asked the PWD to fill these potholes immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15192112", "title": "Water crisis due to national highway construction", "text": "INDORE: Around 2000 villagers are at risk of losing drinking water sources due to the construction of National Highway.The national highway gulfed almost dozen boring wells from which the villagers were quenching their thirst. And the sad part of the entire scene is that these villagers may also not get compensation because the borewells were constructed at government land.The official related to National Highway Authority of India also nodded to the fact and said these borewells were constructed on government land and that too without valid permission. In such case, paying compensation becomes tough, he said.Contrary to it, villagers are expecting that if the department takes their borewell, they will get at least the compensation which can be used to develop another source of water.A villager said that around a dozen boring wells which could be removed by the department were the source of drinking water in the village and if they would be removed, the situation in the village is going to very tough. He said that villagers want compensation at least which will help them to develop another source of water.However, two departments including national highway authority of India and public health engineering department have the deal with about giving compensation and which department will pay it, if it has to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15176331", "title": "I'm ready for Kala Mandir probe: Ravi Naik", "text": "PONDA: Refuting allegations levelled by MGP's Ponda MLA Lavoo Mamledar, the former MLA and then chairman of Rajiv Kala Mandir, Ravi Naik , has dared the government to probe the tendering process and other procedures of the renovation work of the Kala Mandir in Ponda town.Naik was commenting on Mamledar's demand to investigate the Kala Mandir project in the house on Tuesday. He also alleged that there could be some irregularities in the work process. Counter alleging that the present BJP-MGP government has no vision, Naik said he designed the Kala Mandir by keeping in mind a vision for the next 50 years.\"Ponda is a developing town and many people from Ponda and outside are migrating to the town. As a result, Ponda will be like a district in 50 years and the earlier Kala Mandir was not equipped to cater to the need. Moreover, the earlier Kala Mandir was designed in 1992 according to the then population of Ponda,\" Naik said.Naik said, Ponda town itself has over 30,000 population and the taluka has about 2-3 lakh population now. After 50 years there could be a two-fold rise in the population and the Kala Mandir must cater to the need of whole taluka, he added. \"The earlier Kala Mandir was designed in 1992 when I was chief minister of Goa. However, my successors did not pay any attention to the project. But when I became deputy chief minister in 2004, I brought the project to completion,\" Naik said.\"The project cost Rs 4 crore in 2004. Now it costs Rs 22 crore. The civil work itself costs Rs 9 crore,\" said a Goa state infrastructure development corporation official, adding that the contract was given to Panaji-based D S Contractor. It's completion is slated for March 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15173191", "title": "Indore gears up for investors\u2019 summit", "text": "INDORE: Preparations have begun in full swing to ensure the success of the forthcoming three-day Global Investors' Summit to be held here from October 28. State industry and information technology minister Kailash Vijayvargiya reviewed the progress of the preparations and urged the participants to make the meet a success.Ranjan Memani, vice-chairman, CII, (MP), the official partner of the state government in the summit, said, \"The minister reviewed the preparations and urged the participants to make it a world-class show. Some of the areas that were reviewed at the meeting include traffic management and the facilities available at the site.\"The officials of AKVN discussed the issues related to infrastructure, road and power available at the industrial areas of the city and its surrounding areas like Pithampur and Sanwer Road, said a source.Ashok Badjatya, president, Association of Industries Madhya Pradesh, who was present in the meeting, said, \"We asked the AKVN to expedite the road repair works in the city and the industrial areas like Pologround and Sanwer Road. We have submitted a proposal of Rs 2 crore before the state government for the same.\"The industrialists welcomed the state government's plan to hold the Global Investors' Summit. However, they feel that the state government should not ignore the interests of the existing industries, said Gautam Kothari, president, Pithampur Industries Association. \"We will meet chief minister in Bhopal on August 6 to discuss these issues,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15178545", "title": "Longer, low-floor buses a threat to commuters?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: During peak hours, taking even a car around roundabouts turns into a tricky task for the most seasoned driver. And when a Chandigarh Transport Undertaking (CTU) bus with its extended length rolls down the narrow roads and rotaries, there's always a doubt over its maneuverability. The death of Anupama, 15, after being hit by a CTU bus on Tuesday has revived the debate over suitability of the longer buses.Compared to the traditional 33-feet bus, each of the 202 buses bought under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) is 38.5 feet long, besides being wider.\"Of 145 accidents this year, 109 involved these longer buses. This figure justifies the demand to get rid of these buses and bring in smaller ones. There has been no accident involving the 34 mini AC buses,\" said Ranjit Singh, general secretary, CTU Employees' Union.With UT administration deciding to cut down on its outstation fleet and use the long route buses in local sectoral grids, the number of longer buses has gone up and only a small number of traditional white buses can be seen.Taking the debate over long buses a step ahead, CTU Employees' Union general secretary Ranjit Singh said, \"Low-floor buses come with a host of other technical problems. Haryana did not use these even after taking their delivery. And despite a committee, which had two Punjab Engineering College (PEC) professors as members, giving adverse remarks against replacing the smaller lot, the transport department has put these on almost all routes.\"The UT transport department has also come under fire for not holding training sessions for drivers to ensure that they understand their features. UT director (transport) T P S Phoolka rubbished these claims and said buses with the same design and make were plying even in congested areas of Delhi and Bangalore without any problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15179429", "title": "High Court takes up suo motu PIL", "text": "BANGALORE: Taking suo motu cognizance of the electrocution of a construction worker in Girinagar on Tuesday night, the high court on Thursday ordered notice to the state government.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen directed the deputy secretary of the Karnataka State Legal Services Authority to file a report within three days and outline steps taken under the Building and Other Construction Workers (Regulation of Employment and Conditions of Service) Act 1996. The bench will take up the petition on August 2.The bench considered the newspaper report about the death of Dodda Mallappa, 32, who died when he came in contact with a high-tension wire. He was working at an under-construction building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15179072", "title": "H1N1 deaths up, malaria cases dip", "text": "BANGALORE: While the number of dengue cases are on the rise, malaria, another deadly disease caused by mosquitoes, has gone down considerably in Karnataka.Statistics maintained by the department of communicable diseases, health and family welfare department, showed a decrease of about 90% in malaria cases since 2010, with no deaths due to the disease since 2011.Karnataka registered 44,108 confirmed cases of malaria in 2010, and 11 persons died. In 2011, the number of confirmed cases came down to 24,237, with zero deaths. The department has registered 3,885 confirmed cases of malaria till June 2012, and no resultant death has been reported yet.\"Cases of malaria have come down considerably due to timely measures taken by the government and municipal corporations. People are also more aware about the symptoms and reasons behind malaria. This has helped prevent the spread of the disease,\" said a senior doctor attached to the department of communicable diseases.Dr Hemanth HR, consultant, critical care medicines, BGS Global Hospitals said: \"People are more conscious about mosquito bites at night. Malaria spreads through mosquitoes breeding in stagnant water, but these mosquitoes bite only at night. With increased awareness, people take preventive steps to avoid mosquito bites during the night hours. If the same care is taken during daytime, we will see a considerable fall in dengue cases.\"MALARIA AND THE STATEYear Cases Deaths2008 47,344 82009 36,830 02010 44,108 1120112 4,237 02012 3885 028 die of H1N1 in 6 monthsSwine flu or influenza1 (H1N1) has resurfaced in Karnataka, claiming 28 lives in the first six months of 2012. In all, 346 people tested positive for the virus. The figures may not be alarming but it's time to take some measures because the number of deaths in the state has almost doubled over the 2011 figure. Karnataka lost 16 people to H1N1 last year, said statistics maintained by the department of health and family welfare.Early this month, an 18-month-old girl died due to swine flu in South Bangalore, while in June, the virus claimed a 4-month-old boy in Haveri. But experts say the situation is under control and the virus is not as aggressive as when it first surfaced in India during 2009. While 135 people died due to swine flu in Karnataka in 2009, 120 were reported dead in 2010.Bangalore Rural and Urban reported five deaths due to the virus in 2012, whereas there has not been a single death due to H1N1 in Mysore.Doctors are seeing a possibility of the virus infecting more people with low immunity or the migratory population. Said Dr H Sudarshan Ballal, medical director, Manipal Hospital: \"Timely vaccination (TamiFlu) has increased the immunity of people against swine flu. That is the main reason behind the number of deaths due to H1N1 coming down. But the virus has not completely mutated. It can still be deadly for a person with low immunity or someone who has migrated to a new place and is not vaccinated against H1N1.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15179041", "title": "Highways ministry ropes in plan panel to build Delhi-Jaipur expressway", "text": "NEW DELHI: For years, Planning Commission has been blaming the highways ministry for delays in road projects. Now, the ministry seems to be hitting back at the plan panel and has decided to rope in Gajendra Haldea, advisor to deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia, to construct the Rs 12,000 crore Delhi-Jaipur expressway, in what is a first of its kind move.Haldea, a retired bureaucrat, is known for his staunch stance on most infrastructure projects and is often criticized by fellow babus for making suggestions, without taking any responsibility for executing projects. Although highways minister C P Joshi wrote to Ahluwalia recently, the decision to get the plan panel on board for executing a greenfield project was taken by the entire ministry and National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) officials.The plan is to set up a team under Haldea to execute the project, for which land is yet to be acquired although the deadline for completing the project is three years. Highways ministry officials said the move was aimed at demonstrating the kind of hurdles faced during construction. \"We are fed up with the advisory notes that we get periodically. Once they (plan panel) are involved in implementation of a project, they will understand the ground situation,\" a ministry official said.The ministry has a history of feuds with the Planning Commission. It became public in July 2010 when former highways minister Kamal Nath described it as \"armchair advisor\", while questioning the quality of reports produced by the panel. \"You (Planning Commission) collect something from here, something from there and produce a book. It is all very well when you are an armchair advisor,\" Nath had said, adding, \"Book (report) should not only be well-bound, but it should have content also.\"More recently, there were differences over a road project around Delhi and the amount of toll that should be levied. When contacted, Ahluwalia sought to play down the issue. \"I received the letter recently in which the highways minister had asked me whether Haldea's services can be availed of by the ministry. I immediately agreed. I have received many such letters from other ministries too. Preparing a model concession agreement (MCA) is a key component of executing any project on public private partnership (PPP) mode and Haldea has expertise in that field. The minister probably wants to have a draft MCA prepared by Haldea,\" he said. He added that project implementation will be with the ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15177626", "title": "Auditor slams Nashik municipal corporation for lapses in accounts", "text": "NASHIK: The audit of accounts of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) for 2006-07 has revealed serious financial and administrative lapses committed by the civic body under the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance.When the audit report was tabled at the standing committee meeting of the NMC on Thursday, committee chairman Uddhav Nimse decided to convene a special meeting to discuss the auditor's report. All heads of departments of NMC were asked to attend the meeting to be convened soon.The audit report of NMC for the financial year 2006-07 was tabled for approval at Thursday's meeting. The auditor, in the report, has taken objections against all the departments for financial and administrative lapses, which include octroi, establishment, building &amp; construction, accounts department, health, public relations, fertilizer, water supply and town planning.The auditor has slammed the NMC for showing the diesel storage of 28,000 to 30,000 lt in the diesel tank of the NMC depot, when the actual capacity of the diesel tank was 22,000 lt. Besides, the software for the octroi department had some errors. The register at the Maldhakka (goods platform) at Nashik Road railway station was not maintained. The new pension scheme was not introduced by the NMC for its staff and there was no progress in the health enquiries.Further, the Marathi secondary schools of NMC did not receive grants due to lack of follow up by the NMC. An unauthorized electricity supply was being given from the public lavatories of the NMC. There was confusion in the bills by the building &amp; construction department as the measurement book was not maintained. There was no progress in Pelican Park issue. The accounts department had not kept the reserve funds of 90 days for the salaries of the NMC employees. There was no decision regarding Rs 17 crore deposits of in the financially troubled banks. The garden department had not given any written details to the auditor and the register regarding the maintenance works were incomplete.The auditor said that the NMC had not mentioned the number of entry tickets for the water park of the Dadasaheb Phalke Memorial. The register of the fertilizer project of NMC was incomplete and the recovery was inadequate. The water supply department had no stock register. The NMC properties were given on rent at nominal rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15174609", "title": "Man gets life term for poisoning wife", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a man to life imprisonment for murdering his wife by administering pesticide in a glass of water that he gave her to drink.Relying on the depositions of his three minor children and also the medical evidence, district judge P S Teji held 38-year-old Vikas Gupta of Mandawali guilty of murder (Section 302) under IPC. The court also imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 on him.\"It has already been established that it was the accused (Gupta) who gave cockroach killing pesticide to the deceased after mixing it in water. So, the medical evidence as well as FSL report establishes the case of prosecution that the accused committed the murder of his wife by administering poison to her,\" the court said.The court, while convicting Gupta, took on record the statements of the couple's three children who testified that their father, who was an alcoholic, had killed their mother in front of them.In his testimony, the couple's son said when his mother started vomiting with froth coming out of her mouth, his father kept watching, refusing to anything to save her. He said his mother's condition deteriorated soon after she consumed the water which his father had given to her.The court also rejected Gupta's plea of alibi that he was not present at home when his wife consumed poison. \"The eye witnesses (children) have categorically deposed against the accused that he administered intoxicant to the deceased after mixing it in water. So, the plea of alibi taken by the accused appears to be false,\" the district judge said.Gupta murdered his wife and then took her to hospital along with other family members, said the court, adding that the case, however, does not fall into the category of rarest of rare crime warranting death penalty. The court gave him life term noting that he has three children and old parents to support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15176195", "title": "Soon, more mamlatdars will deal with pendency", "text": "PORVORIM: The government will appoint more joint mamlatdars in order expedite the disposal of long pending mundkar cases, revenue minister Francis D'Souza told the legislative assembly on Thursday.D'Souza said that these joint mamlatdars will be exclusively devoted to the disposal of revenue cases. He also informed that he proposes to create a separate 'election cell' that will not disturb the normal work of mamlatdars and joint mamlatdars.D'Souza disclosed this in his written response to a starred question by Cumbharjua Congress MLA Pandurang Madkaikar, who wanted to know why there was a huge pendency in revenue cases in Goa.In his written reply, D'Souza also explained that at times, mamlatdars and joint mamlatdars due to exigency of emergent public duty are constrained to devote most of their time dealing with law and order, election related work like revision of electoral rolls and other allied matters and conducting elections of Lok Sabha , assembly, panchayats and municipalities, leaving little time to devote for revenue work like dealing with cases of mundkar, tenancy and mutation cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15171764", "title": "High Court asks govt why students with merit have to wait for admission", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court on Thursday pointedly asked the state government why a transparent procedure suggested by it on an earlier occasion cannot be made applicable to admissions under management quota seats in private medical colleges for the present academic year. The court sought the government's response on the question while hearing a clutch of pleas calling for priority to merit in filling of management quota medical seats.The bench comprising justices V Eswaraiah and N Ravishankar heard the arguments offered by additional advocate general KG Krishna Murthy who was appearing on behalf of the state government and the NTR University of Health Sciences.As Krishna Murthy read out the rules framed for minority colleges as per a high court judgment, the bench observed that the concept of transparency could be made applicable to non-minority private colleges as well. The bench wanted to know whether the method of permitting online applications could be enforced at this juncture. It was then that the additional AG said that that might be difficult at this point of time.The bench wondered whether four days was enough time for the students to fill application forms and submit the same and reminded how the high court had pointed out the lacuna at an earlier occasion. S Ravi, the senior counsel appearing for some of the private medical colleges, declared that his clients had not violated GO 136 and wanted to know how they could be accused of violating law without showing any proof.The bench will hear the arguments on behalf of the other colleges on Friday.PIL against edu bandhs: A public interest litigation was filed by an association of private schools who wanted the court to exempt their institutions from interruptions caused by the frequent bandhs called by various groups. The petitioner mentioned how schools lost up to 40 working days to bandhs in the previous academic year.Petition filed in call data leak case: A Jayaprakash of Vijayawada on Thursday filed an implead petition in high court in the call data leak case pertaining to CBI joint director VV Lakshminarayana and urged the court to order an independent probe into the issue. He made several allegations against Sakshi newspaper in his petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram/kochi", "code": "15170659", "title": "Now, pay more for electricity", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM/KOCHI: Kerala State Electricity Regulatory Commission on Thursday announced tariff revision for consumers across the board in the state with retrospective effect from July 1, 2012. It's after 10 years that the state is facing comprehensive revision of power tariff. The revision amounts to an average 30% increase in tariff for consumers of all categories.The revision will give Kerala State Electricity Board an additional income of Rs 1676.84 crore.\"The overall average increase in tariff is 30.2%. The average cost of supplying one unit of electricity is Rs 4.64. Even after the hike, KSEB would be able to meet only 95% of its cost per unit of electricity.\"The amount that the board would get from its consumers is Rs 4.40/unit in the post-tariff revision.\"Even after the revision, the average tariff of domestic consumers is fixed at Rs 2.80 per unit, which is only 60% of the cost incurred by the board for per unit of electricity,'' the commission said. According to the commission, the tariff of domestic consumers was designed to have a minimal impact on responsible consumers who restrict their consumption within reasonable limits.However, for unrestrained consumption, the increase is sharper.Though there are about 85 lakhs domestic consumers in the state, only about 9.5 lakhs consume more than 200 units per month. The number of consumers who use more than 500 units per month is 24,000.The commission did not accept KSEB's proposal for introducing fixed charges based on consumption patterns. Instead, it permitted the board to collect Rs 20 as fixed charge from consumers having single phase connection and Rs 60 per month for three phase consumers. However consumers having an average monthly consumption of less than 40 units per month are exempted from fixed charges.For the first time, the commission allowed KSEB to introduce the concept of 'time-of-day (TOD) tariff in domestic sector from January 1, 2013. As per TOD, all domestic users with average consumption of more than 500 units per month will have to pay more price for the power they consume during peak hours, ie, from 6 pm to 10 pm. All industrial consumers with a connected load of more than 20 KW also will have to move over to TOD tariff with effect from January, 1, 2013.For commercial consumers, the commission reduced the tariff proposed by KSEB for lower levels of consumption, but imposed higher rates for higher consumption, which according the commission was done as a signal for initiating conservation and Demand Side Management ( DSM ). For consumers in heavy commercial category who consume more than 30,000 units /month the tariff was increased to Rs 5.50 per unit from Rs 3.70. The demand charge per kVA has also been increased to Rs 400 from the current Rs 350. Star hotels , private hospitals, airports, business houses and self-financing educational institutions come under this HT IV commercial category.As per the revision, electricity tariff rate for agriculture activities would increase from the existing Rs 1.30 per unit to Rs 1.80. Putting an end to the on-going disputes, the commission declared that only domestic tariff should be applicable to home stay''. This decision was taken in view of tourism promotion, the commission said.The commission said it would soon announce financial incentive schemes for the promotion of electricity generation from solar energy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "jagachha (howrah)", "code": "15175762", "title": "Police unfazed with rape complaint", "text": "JAGACHHA (HOWRAH): Early on Wednesday morning, a woman rushed to the Jagachha police station with a bleeding nose and scratch marks all over her face and neck. She informed the duty-officer that she was robbed and raped, narrated the entire incident and pleaded with him to file a rape complaint. Unmoved by the trauma the woman had experienced minutes ago, the officer registered a general diary (GD) and sent her home advising immediate hospitalization.Recounting the ordeal the victim had to undergo a day before, her sister on Thursday wondered how Nirmalendu Ghosh - the on-duty officer - could register a GD, generally made against non-cognizable offence, even after seeing someone bleeding profusely. Talking to TOI at her Nayabaz house in Domjur, she broke into tears after hearing that police were questioning the authenticity of the incident instead of initiating a proper probe.\"Why on earth she would she lodge a rape complaint against an unknown person, unless it had really happened? Police did not bother to take her to hospital. Instead, they sent her back home. I was shocked to see her dragging herself home with blood all over her face and chest. I immediately called an ambulance and took her first to the police station and then to hospital. In front of me, my sister gave the same account of rape, but police remained unfazed,\" the victim's sister recounted.Around 5 am on Wednesday, the 38-year-old victim was on her way to Chatterjeehut where she has been working as a domestic help for last 10 years. Like everyday, she took a shortcut below the bridge along Kona Expressway near Santragachhi railway station. Suddenly, someone pulled her from the back and she felt a blow on her nose immediately after. She was then dragged to a nearby bush, her earrings and nose ring were snatched and she was raped. The tormentor allegedly tried to strangle her to death, but the victim amassed the last bit of energy left in her and managed to free herself and escape from the rapist, a short man in a red T-shirt and black trousers.The suffering of the victim did not end with the rape though. After she managed to escape from her tormentor, she asked for help from a passer-by and a couple of constables, but none came forward to rescue her. At the police station, she was treated with an equally stoic indifference. Even at the hospital, she was denied admission without police permission.\"My sister raised an alarm. She requested a passer-by and two constables to catch the fellow. But they did nothing. At the hospital, officials refused to admit my sister saying that it is a police case. I then helplessly called a journalist. Once the news hit the television, things started moving fast. A police officer came and got her admitted and an FIR was lodged,\" the victim's sister said.The deputy commissioner (headquarters) of Howrah police commissionerate, Nishad Parvez, said, \"At first, the victim did not say that she was raped. She only complained about the snatching of her earrings and nose ring. So the duty officer registered a GD. It's not that her complaint was not entertained. The failure on the part of the duty officer was that he neither took the entire account of the victim nor he informed about the incident to his superior.\"When TOI reminded him of that bleeding injury calls for a cognizable offence, Parrvez said, \"It is certainly a serious complaint. But that she was bleeding was the complaint of the relatives of the victim. But we are dead serious about the gravity of the complaint. The role of Ghosh in the entire incident is being thoroughly probed. Why did he fail to react seeing an injured woman is also being probed.\"On Thursday evening, the victim's neighbours and a group of women rights activists staged gheraoed Jagachha thana. \"It would have remained a GD and the police officer would have continued to do the same callous job had there been no media coverage,\" said Gouri Basu, a Howrah-based women-rights activist.Jagaccha (Howrah): She had a bleeding nose, there were marks of nails on all over her neck and throat, her ear-rings and nose ring were taken off. 38-year-old woman literally broke down before the duty officer of Jagaccha police station, Nirmalendu Ghosh saying that she was raped, recounted the younger sister of the rape victim Rozina (name changed to protect the identity of the rape-victim) at their Nayabaz house in Domjur area. Instead of taking note of the rape, Ghosh callously, made a General Diary (GD) entry, generally made against non-cognizable offence. Not only that, police sent her back home advising immediate hospitalization, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15175553", "title": "Versova deaths: Parents in Oman, say not returning", "text": "MUMBAI: The death case of Versova-based siblings Rameez and Rehab Chougle has grown murkier. Their parents Farzana and Gayasuddin told TOI over phone that they have moved to Muscat in Oman and have no immediate plans to return. The police want to question the two since a forensic report of Rehab's stomach wash has revealed a small amount of aluminum phosphide.This, doctors said, could have caused Rehab's death. The revelation challenges the belief that the siblings might have died after inhaling a substance used in the pest control treatment at their home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15175433", "title": "Three school vehicles seized in surprise raids", "text": "MADURAI: In the wake of a six-year-old girl suffering a fatal fall from a school bus in Chennai, officials of the transport department conducted a surprise inspection in school vans and buses in Madurai on Thursday.The officials seized two school vans and a bus, besides four auto rickshaws for overloading in the jurisdiction of Regional Transport Office - North. The seized vehicles were taken to the office of RTO.\"We conducted the inspections not just because of the death of a school girl in Chennai. We regularly conduct such inspections and penalise violators. These kind of inspections would continue in frequent intervals in the coming days also,\" said RTO (North), N Ravichandran.To their shock, the officials found that vans with a seating capacity of 18 passengers were found carrying more than 35 children, while some of the school buses were found crammed with children without even space to stand.Teams of RTO officials intercepted school vehicles in arterial roads of the city in the morning. As many as 37 school vehicles were inspected, including vans, out of which three were found to grossly violate the seating capacity norms. An RTO official said that the vans meant to carry 12 persons had about 25 children while in the bus there were about 100 children.\"Many such vehicles tend to ignore norms. Some of the common violations are overloading, inexperienced drivers, lack of first-aid kit, absence of fire exits and written indication on the outside of the vehicles that it is a school vehicle. We issue stern warning to the vehicle owners to set right the violations. In the last month alone, we have penalised about 25 vehicles including school vehicles for these violations,\" said an RTO official. There are as many as 402 school vehicles falling in RTO - North jurisdiction alone, out of which more than 100 are buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15177183", "title": "Cops bid to remove statue creates furor", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tension prevailed at Highway Colony in the city on Thursday morning when the police attempted to remove a statue of Virgin Mary that was installed on the roadside late Wednesday night without getting permission from the authorities.While the residents of the locality claim that the statue had been installed with the consensus of all the communities living in the colony, Race Course police say the statue has been installed near a temple, which may fuel discord between the two communities in the future.Meanwhile, a man tried to self-immolate by dousing himself with kerosene in front of the statue, but police overpowered him and took him into custody.Former councillor of the 73rd ward C M Ravi said residents of the colony have every right to install the statue as it has been done with the support of all inhabitants in the colony. \"Why should the police interfere in the matter without any provocation, complaints or problems in the area,\" he asked.President of the All Christian Minority People Federation Michael Raj said 70% of the people in the area are from Christian community. \"However, all have come forward in support of installing the statue here,\" he added.In an effort to pacify the protesters, the police later called for a meeting with the residents of the colony at the Race Course police station. At the end of the meeting, residents refused to accept the police request to remove the statue. They also told the police that they would conduct prayers in front of the statue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15180197", "title": "Traffic police await response from DTP on parking spaces", "text": "GURGAON: In a fresh reminder to the district town planning (enforcement) department, the traffic police have sought a reply from the former on availability of parking spaces in commercial buildings in old Gurgaon. Cops said this was the third time in the last nine months that they had written to the DTP (E) seeking a reply.The traffic police had first sought information from the department last year in October. They claimed that traffic jams in old Gurgaon were due to employees who parked their vehicles on roads and not in the parking spots available in commercial buildings.Setting a deadline of two days, the traffic police then asked DTP (E) to provide data on the number of commercial buildings where parking space was mandatory. They also asked for data on the number of commercial buildings where parking space was available. Another letter was shot in November, 2011, but no reply was received at that time as well.Cops said that the roads were quite narrow in old Gurgaon and vehicles parked on road sides made them narrower, resulting in traffic snarls. They added that if vehicles were parked properly, jams could be reduced to a large extent.DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora said, \"The sole purpose of getting this data is to ensure that people do not park their vehicles outside even when parking spaces are available in commercial buildings.\"When contacted, DTP (E) Anil Dabas confirmed that the department had received such a letter from the traffic police on Thursday, but added that the area did not fall under their jurisdiction and that it was not the job of his department to keep a tab on parking spaces in commercial buildings.He added, \"However, I will look into the matter to find out if any such committee or work was handed over to our department last year.\" Dabas joined office only three months back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15178474", "title": "Widespread rain in eight districts", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall was widespread in eight districts, fairly widespread in five, scattered in 10 districts, and isolated in seven districts in the last 24 hours ending 8.30am on Thursday. South-west monsoon was vigorous in one district, weak in nine and normal in 20 districts of Karnataka. Heavy rain was recorded in six districts, rather heavy rain in three, moderate in 19 and light in two districts, according to KSNDMC (Bangalore).Agumbe in Thirthahalli taluk of Shimoga district -- widely regarded as 'Cherrapunji of Karnataka' -- recorded maximum rainfall of 112mm in the above mentioned period of 24 hours. This is for the first time that it is topping the list this year. Rainfall over Karnataka is considered scattered since 47% of hoblis and gram panchayats recorded a rainfall of 2.5mm and more in the last 24 hours ending 8.30am.Widespread, moderate-to-heavy rain was received in Uttara Kannada, Koppal, Kodagu, Udupi, Shimoga, Dakshina Kannada, Bidar and Dharwad; fairly widespread, moderate-to-rather-heavy rain in Gulbarga, Bagalkot, Belgaum, Haveri and Gadag; isolated, light-to-heavy rain in Bijapur, Mysore, Ramnagar, Mandya, Raichur, Tumkur and Chamarajanagar. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state, KSNDMC added. Karnataka has recorded a deficit of 39% between June 1 and July 26. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 430mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state received 260.7mm rainfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15179667", "title": "Future cloudy for gas in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While only time will tell whether Gujarat government is able to implement directives of Gujarat high court and have all vehicles registered in the state converted to CNG, the state government's track record in implementing traffic related orders has been dismal.The Gujarat government has not been able to implement an order issued five years ago by the HC. In September 2007, a division bench directed the state government to implement a law to curb the speed-limit of heavy vehicles in the state . The HC had set a deadline of eight months for the state to make it compulsory for heavy vehicles to install speed controllers as per the rule 118 of the Central Motor Vehicles Rules.The state government was reluctant to do so and even expressed apprehension that it could slow down the traffic. The government even cited problems caused by execution of such a rule in states like Kerala and Karnataka . The government even took a defence that the speed limit rules might affect emergency services.Despite reluctance on part of the state , the court compelled it to take measures in this direction after an NGO - Shaswat Mahila Sangathan had filed a PIL.After the directions issued by the high court , the state government did not issue notification in this regard and kept on requesting for extension for some time. The petitioner's counsel Tanvish Bhatt said, \"The state government finally came up with a notification , but it was concerning a few vehicles only.\"Though the high court expressed specific directions to put speed governors in all heavy vehicles in Gujarat, five years down the line the order hardly seems to have been implemented.Manna awaits kit manufacturersAHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court order which says all vehicles in the state should be converted to CNG will set cash registers ringing for auto gas kit manufacturers.State government officials say converting about 24 lakh vehicles seems to be a tough task, especially commercial vehicles and public transport buses.Amit Upadhyay, one of the reputed CNG fitting dealer says the increasing prices of CNG has slowed down the conversion of petrol vehicles. He says usually they were converting 15 vehicles daily , but this has come down to a half.Tushar Kothari who is into the business of fitting CNG kits, says, \"This is not going to be easy task. There is a uphill task. In the short period of one year converting all vehicles is not going to be easy,\" he said.What happens to diesel, Euro IV vehicles?The big question which has is being debated is that will the Euro IV vehicles be required to also convert to CNG. The state government has made it mandatory for all vehicles which are registered in Ahmedabad to meet the Euro IV norms. \"The order is with the intention to reduce vehicular pollution in the state. For Ahmedabad city the decision to have Euro IV vehicles has already been taken. There is no clarity on whether to convert such vehicles or is there any time frame. The government may seek a clarification on the issue,\" he said. Also, there are a large number of diesel vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15173503", "title": "Sharad Pawar was looking for honourable exit: Union minister", "text": "MUMBAI: If a senior Union cabinet member is to be believed, then a day after NCP chief and agriculture minister Sharad Pawar served an ultimatum to Congress president Sonia Gandhi and prime minister Manmohan Singh , he was looking for an honourable retreat in view of the firm stand taken by the Congress on the issues raised by him.\"Pawar not only boycotted the Union cabinet meeting on July 19, but also wrote a lengthy letter to Gandhi and Singh and raised the issue of coordination in the UPA. In fact, he was expecting a quick response, but instead, had to wait not only for a week, but the outcome of his meeting with UPA leaders was dismal,\" he said.Though Pawar's trusted aide and heavy industries minister Praful Patel didn't disclose details of the NCP's demands, according to reports, the party's contention was that the PM should recognize the stature of Sharad Pawar and accord him the number two position in the cabinet, allot a plum portfolio to Patel, involve the NCP in the decision making process and consult it while appointing governors and president's nominees to the Rajya Sabha and that Supriya Sule , Pawar's daughter, should be inducted into the Union cabinet. \"We are equal partners in the UPA. We shouldn't be taken for granted,\" Patel said.According to the cabinet member, when the Congress high command declined to consider the NCP's demands, it was looking for a face-saving exit from the crisis. \"When there was no scope for negotiations on the issues raised by the NCP, it was decided that the party will demand setting up of coordination committees at the national and state levels, which was a safe escape route. When the proposal was accepted, NCP declared a patch-up. Even senior NCP leaders were shocked and surprised over the manner in which Pawar reached an agreement with Congress,\" he said.The minister said that in Maharashtra, a coordination committee had already been in existence from the time the Congress-NCP government was formed in 1999. \"The committee did meet during the tenures of Vilasrao Deshmukh , Sushilkumar Shinde and Ashok Chavan . However, after Prithviraj Chavan took over, no meetings were held. Now, Chavan has convened a meeting on Friday,\" he said.If one takes a cursory glance at the political developments in Maharashtra and New Delhi, it is absolutely clear that Pawar was the loser, since barring the setting up of a committee, none of his demands were accepted.In fact, the cabinet member added, from the developments in the last six months, it appears that Pawar has been steadily losing his clout in the UPA. When the presidential elections were announced, it was expected that Gandhi will entrust a bigger role to Pawar, but instead she and Singh personally interacted with leaders of all the political parties for a consensus on the presidential nominees. Apparently, Gandhi and Singh were irked when P A Sangma , Pawar's close associate, filed nomination papers against Pranab Mukherjee. \"We were expecting that Pawar will use his good offices and ensure that Sangma withdraws from the race, but he did not oblige Pawar,\" the minister said.Meanwhile, 36 rebel Congress legislators in their letter to MPCC president Manikrao Thakre and AICC general secretary Mohan Prakash have raised some issues and have urged the CM to convene a meeting to discuss the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15172904", "title": "Four poachers held for killing chinkara", "text": "JODHPUR: Four poachers were arrested for killing a chinkara at Samana village in Nagaur district on Wednesday. A villager who purchased the dead antelope from them was also arrested. \"We have recovered the killed antelope. A case has been registered against them under Wildlife Act,\" said district forest officer G C Makwana. All of them were sent to judicial custody.\"We received information a person was carrying a dead chinkara on his motorcycle. We rushed to the spot with the police and found him with the villagers. When we questioned him he said that he had purchased it from the poachers from a nearby hamlet of Van Baori, a tribal community famous for living on poaching. We raided the place and arrested four persons after the villager identified them.\"The villagers submitted a memorandum to the superintendent of police on Thursday demanding a check on such incidents and action against the poachers of tribal communities.The incident has once again exposed the vulnerability of the protected animals even as the state government has launched a comprehensive campaign to identify those involved in poaching.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "15176970", "title": "Counterfeit notes worth Rs 24.50 lakh seized", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: In the biggest ever seizure of counterfeit notes in Bihar-Jharkhand so far, a joint team of the directorate of revenue intelligence (DRI) from Patna and Muzaffarpur, seized 4,900 counterfeit notes of Rs 500 denomination worth Rs 24.50 lakh here on Thursday. Two persons were arrested and sent to jail in this connection.The forged notes concealed in the sound box of Malaysia-manufactured Sony home theatre were recovered from the counter of a private courier at Anamika Plaza building near Axis Bank on Kalyani-Harisabha Road. The consignment had been booked from Bangkok and was to be delivered at Motihari. But as the courier company has no branch at Motihari, the recipient of the consignment was handed over the music system loaded with fake notes at Muzaffarpur itself.On a tip-off, the DRI team raided the courier office and nabbed two persons as soon as they received the consignment. They have been identified as Mashrur Ahmad alias master, a government school teacher of Adhakapari village under Ramgarhwa police station and Suraj Kumar Singh of Kadhan village under Kesaria PS, both of East Champaran district. The motorcycle used by the fake note smugglers was also seized. Master is said to be the kingpin of fake note racketeers of this region. A few villages of East and West Champaran districts have turned out to be the centre of such crime.DRI sources confided that fake note racketeers have changed their tactics to rush forged notes from Pakistan. Earlier, it used to reach India from Pakistan via Bangladesh . But this time, the notes were dispatched via Thailand to hoodwink the police. The consignment was booked by DHL courier at Bangkok and it was handed over to Blue Dart of India as per their mutual agreement. The consignment first reached Mumbai by air and from there to Muzaffarpur via Patna.The DIR has refused to divulge the name of sender and the addressee on grounds of secrecy of investigation. But it was clear that the actual owners of the consignment was Mashrur Ahmad and his accomplice Suraj. The DRI team, which seized the forged Indian currency notes, comprised senior DRI officer H G Luskar, S Satyarthi, Dhirendra Kumar, P K Pandey, Ashok Kumar Jha, Rajan Kumar etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15174983", "title": "Officials able to locate Maya statue\u2019s replica", "text": "LUCKNOW: Providence smiled over the government officials, as they got to know about a replica of former chief minister Mayawati's statue gathering dust at the Sangeet Natak Akademi. Without wasting time, they ordered for its immediate installation.Soon, sculptor Sharavan Prajapati and his team of 40 workers got down to separate the idol with the pedestal so that the new idol could be installed. The replacement work began at around 9.30 pm and is expected to continue till Friday morning. \"We were able to get a replica of the damaged idol,\" said district magistrate Anurag Yadav.Cranes were used to transport the idol weighing about 750 kg from Sangeet Natak Akademi, where it was lying with the entire set of idols of dalit icons installed opposite to the passage adjacent to the Ambedkar Smarak. Sources said that the Mayawati government got the set made for installation at the Manyavar Kanshiram Eco Garden on Jail road. However, this could not happen, as all the work at the garden was stopped after the Supreme Court's order.Prajapati has been making master moulds of Mayawati idols since 1997. He was called by the district administration to examine the possibilities of repair. Talking to TOI he said, \"This one cannot be repaired. It will have to be made all over again.\" On what made him believe that the damage to the statue was irreparable, he said, \"The kind of marble used for the purpose is of extremely good quality and not readily available. It is not like a piece of ceramic decorative that can stick with super glue.\" He also claimed that getting a new statue made would have taken at least two months. \"The biggest challenge is to get the right kind of marble for it,\" he said.Officials revealed that getting the new idol made meant an expenditure of about Rs 12 lakh. However, the government was not ready to give their opponents a chance to corner them on the law and order front. Sources said some senior officials got in touch with some idol makers in Rajasthan as well. While the search was on, district administration officials kept their fingers crossed. \"We hoped that the replacements were not damaged and were with the purse just like the one installed at the incident spot,\" said a junior officer.\"We hope to complete the work in 8-10 hours. It will take time because the joint between the two is extremely strong,\" he said. Earlier during the day, the sculptor thanked god for 'saving' the idols of Kanshi Ram and Babasahab Bhimrao Ambedkar from the miscreants. \"The impact of the act is being felt in the state as of now. But, if they (miscreants) had done something with Babasaheb's statue, the repercussions would have felt across the length and breadth of India,\" he had stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15172087", "title": "3 killed in GS Road house collapse", "text": "SHILLONG: Three persons, including two women of a family and a man, were killed when their house atop of a hill along the Guwahati-Shillong Road in Ri-Bhoi district collapsed due to landslides triggered by torrential rains on Thursday. The victims were identified as Pdianghun Mukhim and Ida Mukhim. Police, however, were yet to identify the man who was killed in the incident.\"The incident took place this morning at 19th mile,\" a senior police official said, adding it led to a massive traffic snarl on the busy NH-40.Three vehicles, including a coal laden truck were also damaged in the landslide, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15176804", "title": "Two arrested for murder, robbery at Shevalwadi", "text": "PUNE: The Loni Kalbhor police on Thursday claimed to have solved the murder of a security guard and robbery at an automobile service station in Shevalwadi on Pune-Solapur highway on July 16, following the arrest of two suspects.One of the suspects arrested, Israr Subhan Shaikh (31), a resident of Kondhwa, is a former employee of the service station.The police have also arrested Israr's accomplice Imran Iqbal Khan (32) of Khadki bazar under the charges of murder and robbery.The two on July 16 had assaulted security guard Dadasaheb Kalbhor (55), who had tried stopping them from committing robbery, and looted Rs 1.36 lakh from the office of the service station.Inspector Suhas Garud told TOI that during investigations, the police got the information about Shaikh. \"We managed to nab him from Kondhwa,\" Garud said.During interrogation Shaikh admitted to his involvement in the murder and revealed the name of his accomplice. \"When police went to nab Khan, he tried to run away, but we nabbed him,\" Garud said.Garud said, the two had first hatched a plot to break into a grocery shop on July 15 night, but later decided to commit burglary in the service station.They reached Hadapsar around 12pm and then walked to the service station at Shevalwadi. Garud said Kalbhor and another security guard were at the front gate of the service station. The two told them that their vehicle was at the service station and they forgot their bag in it and requested the guards to allow them inside. \"Kalbhor took them to the parking area. When they approached the office, the duo assaulted Kalbhor with sharp weapon,\" he said.When Kalbhor raised an alarm for help, they took him to the rear of the service station and assaulted him. Kalbhor received 13 blows and died on the spot.\"The duo then broke the office door and looted Rs 1.36 lakh and fled,\" he said. Initially the police thought there were four robbers. Investigations revealed the involvement of Khan and Shaikh in the crime. Khan and Shaikh have previous criminal records.The investigating team comprised constables Dattatreya Girimakar, Ganesh Pote and Vishwas Kadam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15175064", "title": "Why transfer case, HC asks Laila\u2019s dad", "text": "MUMBAI: Just because a criminal case involves a celebrity, it cannot be transferred to the Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI), the Bombay high court observed.The court was hearing a petition filed by Nadir Hussain Patel, accusing the police of failing to investigate the disappearance of his daughter, Bollywoood starlet Laila Khan, properly.\"Give us some formidable ground,'' said the judges, adding, \"What is the reason that you don't have faith in the efficiency of the Maharashtra police?''The court allowed Patel to make changes in the petition so that he could make officers parties in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15180343", "title": "Construction of ROB starts at Khapra Mohal", "text": "KANPUR: The construction of Rail Over Bridge at Khapra Mohal railway crossing kickstarted from Tuesday. The deadline of one and a half year has been fixed for the construction of this ROB.With the construction of this ROB, the traffic woes in the area would come to an end. This ROB would especially be beneficial for those who have to reach Kanpur Central railway station. This ROB would be constructed between Cantt side of railway station and Murray Company bridge.The ROB, which is to come over Khapra Mohal railway crossing will be 680 meters in length and 7.5 meters in width. The estimated cost of the bridge is Rs 18 crores.It would be worth mentioning here that a rail over bridge had been in demand over Khapra Mohal railway crossing (level crossing no 83) for past several years. The Khapra Mohal crossing falls on the important Delhi-Allahabad-Howrah route, which is one of the busiest routes on the railway map. As the crossing remains closed for a longer period of time, allowing passage of trains, the commuters are always a harried lot especially those wishing to reach Kanpur Central railway station. When passengers have taken longer route to reach Ghantaghar for reaching Kanpur Central railway station, they have missed their trains. The closure of the Khapra Mohal crossing gates too have caused problem to the commuters. This has happened many a time as a number of trains pass through this railway crossing for Allahabad. This track is therefore, considered very important. It is from Allahabad that trains head towards Kolkata and north-east. All Rajdhani's heading towards Sealdah, Howrah, Kolkata and other north eastern areas, Muri express to name a few trains, pass through this crossingKeeping these problems in the mind, it was decided to construct a ROB over this railway crossing. On Saturday, a large patch of land will be dug up for laying the foundation of the pillar.The locals of Khapra Mohal and adjacent areas were happy to know that the work of costruction of ROB has began but they have demanded for extension of the bridge over Lucknow crossing instead of ending it before this crossing so that the traffic woes may end here also. Several trains pass through Lucknow crossing for reaching Unnao and Lucknow and therefore, this is yet another important crossing. Important trains like Pushpak express, Udyog Nagri, Awadh express pass through this crossing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15179943", "title": "They changed address, moved to higher floors", "text": "MUMBAI: The dreaded 26/7, 2005, deluge pushed some of the worst-affected victims from low-lying areas of Santa Cruz, Kalina and Kurla to change their residence.Not willing to take a chance, they opted for higher floors after seeing their ground-floor homes get destroyed in the floods.When 40-year-old Dr Sharvari Kher went house-hunting , her first question to watchmen of all the housing societies was whether these had flooded on 26/7.Kher, who had been a resident of Guzdar Bandh in Santa Cruz (West) for more than 30 years, gave up her old home six months after the deluge, and moved to Juhu Versova Link Road.\"Other than asking the watchman if it flooded, we ensured that the building was surrounded by mangroves. Mangroves are known as sea forests and act as a natural barrier against floods. The court also gave a landmark decision to prevent encroachments and have a chain-link fence across the entire stretch of Juhu Versova Link Road. We are at peace today,\" said Kher.She also ensured that her new flat was on the fifth floor. \"Water started gushing in just 30 minutes after the floods. All muck entered our homes. We were camping at our neighbour's home like refugees and there was shortage of food. Flood waters had entered our tanks too. Our clothes had to be sent for dry cleaning. We tried to salvage whatever we could but decided we couldn't take it anymore ,\" said Kher.Pamela Gonsalves, a Bandra-Kurla Complex resident, was left with no choice but to change her residence to 25th Road in Bandra (West).\"Now, we are on a higher ground on the fourth floor. Back in 2005, once the flood waters receded, everything was damaged. I lost clothes, refrigerator, household items, furniture, books, money, passport , and even bank documents . I went to a community hall in Bandra (East) for compensation . Several letters were written to the collector's office but we received no compensation ,\" said Gonsalves. Living in constant anticipation of floods, a few still suffer from monsoon anxiety.Dr Yusuf Matcheswalla, head of psychiatry department , Masina Hospital, said he had patients with a pathological fear of rains. \"Kurla was the worst affected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15173879", "title": "Teacher held for duping farmer of Rs 3 lakh", "text": "GONDIA: Amgaon police arrested a teacher Manohar Bawankar for duping a farmer of Dewalapar village in Madhya Pradesh of Rs3 lakh in a savings scheme. Bawankar (45), a teacher at Indira Gandhi Junior College, Kalimati, hails from Bangaon village in Amgaon tehsil.According to complaint filed by victim Dhakchand Tembhare (45), Bawankar had met him on March 13 in Bangaon, posing as a representative of ATCR Finance Company, which claims to return three times the amount invested within three years. Tembhare invested Rs3 lakh in the scheme. But later he came to know that Bawankar had not deposited the money with the company at all.Tembhare lodged a complaint with Amgaon police on July 23 and an offence was registered against Bawankar under Section 406 and 420 IPC. Bawankar, who was arrested on Monday, has been sent to police custody till July 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15175331", "title": "SC gets report on alleged irregularities in purchase of intelligence gathering equipment", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Technical Research Organization (NTRO) on Thursday filed a report in the Supreme Court detailing status of probe into alleged irregularities in purchase of intelligence gathering equipment and the action taken against officials found involved in it.Ahead of Monday's hearing on a PIL by V K Mittal who alleged a scam of Rs 450 crore, additional solicitor general Harin Raval submitted a sealed cover report before a bench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad.The report contained the status of the ongoing probe into irregularities in the purchase of equipment and also the action taken on the recommendations of the one-man commission under Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) chief Sanjeev Tripathi and the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG).Mittal had alleged that a major portion of the Rs 450 crore NTRO scam pertained to purchase of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) from an Israeli firm allegedly at a very high price without the mandatory approval of the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS).NTRO, which was set up in 2004 and functions under the Prime Minister's Office, has been entrusted with the task of missile monitoring, satellite and airborne imagery, cyber patrolling and security, cyber offensive operations and communication support systems, including cryptology.It was on the complaint of Mittal, a former joint director in the NTRO, that the PMO had ordered a probe into the scam. Later, the CAG was asked to look into the organization's accounts. The government had alleged that Mittal wanted to head the NTRO and filed the PIL when he did not succeed.Mittal's petition said the independent body, answerable only to the national security adviser, was allotted about Rs 8,000 crore since 2005, but no book of accounts were maintained for the expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15172282", "title": "With 'Special Olympics\u2019, Bhopal protests Dow role", "text": "BHOPAL: On the day when Amitabh Bachchan proudly carried the Olympic torch in London, survivors of the Bhopal gas tragedy marched with a jhadu at the opening ceremony of the 'Bhopal Special Olympics' organised to protest against the sponsorship of Dow Chemicals in the London Olympics on Thursday.Some children on wheel chairs and others unmindful of physical deformities, contested keenly as they reached the finishing line to win the competitions amid thunderous applause from a handful of spectators.The jhadu symbolizes the issue of the dumped harmful chemical on the abandoned carbide premises which the gas victims want the Dow to own and clear.Some 45 minors with physical and mental disabilities and the second generation victims of Bhopal gas tragedy participated in the games that included wheel-chair race, crab walking and softball throw on the hockey ground at Arif Nagar, close the to now abandoned Union Carbide plant.Apart from being the organizers of the games, members of five organisations fighting for the survivors of gas victims, were also volunteers that lasted till noon from 11 in the morning. The spectators included 100-odd local residents, including parents and relatives of the participants, a handful of policemen and media persons. All those present cheered up the children for their efforts.Unaware of the fact that they are victims of the world's worst industrial disaster that claimed thousands of lives and that the games are being organised to protest against the Dow Chemicals, the enthusiastic participants gave their 100 per cent in the games.Ironically, despite the hype given to 'Bhopal Special Olympics,' not a single political leader, not even the local MLA, or any prominent social worker turned up during the event or to sponsor refreshments to the participants in the event.\"It's because, this is not the election time. The sympathy of leaders for the gas victims peaks during the election time, but dies down soon after that. No one bothers about the plight of victims once the elections are over,\" said Balkrishna Namdeo of the Bhopal Gas Peedit Nirashrit Pension Bhogi Sangharsh Morcha, one of the five organisations fighting for the gas victims.\"But our protest would continue as Dow still remains the sponsor of the Olympics. The demands of gas victims were once again overlooked probably because even our government was not keen on taking up the issue,\" said Rachna Dhingra of the Bhopal Group for Information and Action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15173122", "title": "\u2018Thorium essential for nuke programme\u2019", "text": "INDORE: Thorium is the future of the ongoing nuclear energy programme in the country. The only problem with this radio active chemical element is that it can't be used directly as a fuel and it has got its own limitations too. This is the reason why the Atomic Energy Commission (AEC) is working hard to develop the next generation reactors that can use thorium as a fuel, said its chairman R K Sinha, who is also the union secretary at department of atomic energy.Talking to the media here on Thursday, Sinha said, \"Nuclear energy is quite relevant and essential too. However, compared with other countries, we are left with less quantity of uranium with us. But, we do have thorium with us. The only issue is that it cannot be used directly as a fuel as it has its own limitations. Hence, we are planning to use plutonium during the second phase of nuclear energy programme. But, we will start working on the use of thorium during the third phase of the nuclear energy programme of the country.\"The AEC chairman was here to attend the graduation ceremony of BARC Training School, RRCAT.Talking on the issue of displacement of people due to the setting up of nuclear power reactors in the country, Sinha said time has come to have a fresh study to define the limitation. People should not be displaced. Referring to the Koodamkulam issue, where a big movement is on by the displaced villagers against the nuclear power plant, Sinha said, \"I have visited the adjoining villages. People came to me in large numbers asking me they wanted nuclear energy. The protest has been registered by the people of a particular village only.\" There are two things related to the nuclear power today. First, there is fear among the public about the implications as an outcome of the nuclear power plant. Secondly, there was expectation on compensation among the affected people. They want more and more compensation. \"So, we are doing our best and within our own limitations, to address both the issues,\" said the AEC chief.Currently, the country generates about 4,680 MW nuclear energy, which comprises merely 2.5% of total power generation in India. This output is quite a small figure and it was likely to be almost at the same level of generation during the XII Five Year Plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15172901", "title": "35-ft high statue of cricket world cup trophy to be erected in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Indore will be adorned with a 35-foot high statue of 2011 cricket world cup trophy this year. The Indore Development Authority (IDA) has assigned the work to city-based artist Mahendra Kodwani. The World Cup replica is expected to cost Rs 15 lakh, said sources.The statue will be placed at Piplyana crossing on the Ring Road.Kodwani said \"I was given the work for the statue on July 26, but the decision to make such a statue in the city was taken in 2011 when India won the cricket world cup for the second time. Before this, there was a huge cricket bat placed at Chhavni, which was signed by Sunil Gavaskar and his team.\"Now the bat has been shifted to the stadium one year ago. It's the love of Indore for cricket that a statue of the world cup trophy so big is being made to honour the game, he says.\"The statue of the cricket word cup trophy will be made of fibre and I have already begun work on it. It will take four months to finish the work and then the statue will be placed at the Piplyana square\" said Kodwani adding, \"There is no other statue of cricket world cup trophy being installed at a public place in any country. So, there is a chance that we will also set a world record with its erection.\"The statue will be made at a cost of about Rs 15 lakh. Kodwani said, \"The IDA also plans to rename the Piplyana square as World Cup square.\"While the making of the statue has been announced officially, Prabhat Prashar, CEO IDA, said \"The commitment was made when the nation won the trophy again in 2011. Although it was before I took up the post.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15176465", "title": "Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited suspends driver involved in bus accident", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) has suspended the driver who was involved in an accident which killed a three-year-old girl on Wednesday and initiated a departmental inquiry against him.Bus commuters groups have demanded a detailed inquiry into the incident, which, they say, will also bring to light the inaction of the municipal corporation in removing encroachments and providing proper zebra crossings and road signages necessary for pedestrian safety.On Wednesday, the three-year-old girl, Rutuja Londhe of Kasba Peth, was run over while she was on her way home from kindergarten around 12.30 pm. PMPML bus driver Ashok Hari Waghmare (49) of Phursungi has been arrested in this regard.The PMPML issued a statement on Thursday that the driver has been suspended and a departmental inquiry initiated against him.According to PMPML officials, there have been 30 accidents involving PMPML buses in the last three months. In these accidents, six people lost their lives and seven sustained severe injuries, while 11 others suffered minor injuries.Meanwhile, in a memorandum sent to PMPML chairman Ramchandra Joshi, mayor Vaishali Bankar, municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak and other elected office bearers, commuters group PMP Pravasi Manch has claimed that there have been four fatal accidents involving PMPML buses in the last 20 days.The manch said it has been repeatedly urging the authorities to take all possible accident-prevention measures, but nothing has been done. Jugal Rathi and Vivek Velankar, convenors of the manch, alleged that inaction and lethargy on the part of PMPML and civic officials are responsible for the fatal mishaps taking place on the city roads.The manch has demanded a detailed time-bound inquiry into each accident to identify the reasons for such incidents and for taking necessary preventive measures.Rathi said, \"The Pune Municipal Corporation ignores the fact that most footpaths are encroached upon. Inquiries will reveal whether there are proper zebra markings and provisions for safe pedestrian crossings. All these aspects add up to increasing the danger faced by pedestrians on the city roads.\"He also said that buses should have bottom safety guards and that PMPML should review its decision to ply full-length buses in crowded areas. \"Earlier, mini buses used to ply in crowded areas, but this was discontinued. There is also a need to verify whether buses have the required fitness certificate of the RTO. Moreover, PMPML should sensitise its drivers on road safety and have an effective monitoring system,\" Rathi added.The manch has said that PMPML should publish the findings of the accident inquiry reports and the action taken after every three months. Action should also be taken against officers responsible for lapses, the memorandum added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15176661", "title": "Karnataka man stabs wife to death", "text": "MAPUSA: A native of Bijapur, Karnataka, Ravi Rathod, 24, stabbed his wife to death at their rented apartment at Naikawaddo in Parra on Wednesday night. Even though the police searched the area, alerted bus stops and railway stations the accused could not be traced even till hursday evening. \"A police team has been sent to Bijapur to look for the accused,\" Mapusa DySP Bossuet Silva said.The police said that they received information about the murder at about 12.30am on Thursday. Following this, a police team led by PI Tushar Vernekar immediately rushed to the scene of the murder, but found the deceased, Geeta Rathod, 25, lying in a pool of blood.Police investigations have revealed that Ravi committed the crime at around 11.30pm on Wednesday and fled the scene. After being stabbed, Geeta walked for about 15m away from her room to call for help, but collapsed in pain and died. The police found four stab marks on her body. According to the neighbours, the couple had recently moved into the apartment and were employed as daily wage workers.The police conducted a panchanama and sent Geeta's body to the Goa Medical College and hospital, Bamoblim, for a postmortem. Geeta has two young sons who are with her mother.Upon a complaint by Ravikant Chawan, the police have registered the case under Section 302 and further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15176600", "title": "PIL against illegal huts at Moti Dongor", "text": "MARGAO: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Thursday issued a notice to the state and the Margao Municipal Council on a public interest litigation highlighting the failure to demolish unauthorized constructions at Moti Dongor in Margao.Advocate Sanjiv Punalekar, who filed the PIL, saidthat the widespread slum on Moti Dongor has become a breeding ground for criminals.The petitioner has stated that the failure of respondents in complying with their statutory obligation of demolishing unauthorized constructions has resulted in the erection of thousands of illegal hutments and many more are still under construction. The government has to file a reply by August 9. The director of municipal administration, the South Goa district collector and MMC's chief officer are listed as respondents in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15179822", "title": "Untreated effluent chokes Gurgaon drain, causes flooding", "text": "GURGAON: Even three months after the Punjab and Haryana high court ordered the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) and Haryana State Industrial &amp; Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd. (HSIIDC) to curb the flow of untreated chemical effluent from Udyog Vihar Phase I to V into the master storm water drain of HUDA, but no checks have been done as yet.The drain flows through Sector 21, 22, 23, 23A and %Palam Vihar and the residents fear that chemicals might pollute the groundwater before flowing into the Najafgarh drain, and then into Yamuna.The case is related to storm water drain number 1 of HUDA. This is meant to carry the load of rainwater of areas between Sikanderpur and DLF phase- II, III, etc. According to residents, in 2003-04, industries began to dump harmful waste in this drain, which is illegal.\"Being members of the Palam Vihar Residents Welfare Association (RWA), we brought the matter in the knowledge of HUDA officials several times. However, except for assurances, nothing else was done to improve the situation,\" said Sunil Yadav, president, Palam Vihar RWA.In April, the high court had passed a judgement in favour of the RWA and asked the departments concerned to stop flowing industrial wates into the drainage system. \"HUDA was directed to disconnect sewage lines from the storm water drain or stop flowing untreated industrial effluent into the drain, thereby creating serious health hazards to the residents of Palam Vihar and adjoining areas,\" the court had observed in its order. The bench had also observed that the departments concerned have \"acted very slowly in complying with the directions\" issued at various stages.However, three months into the judgement, HUDA and HSIIDC have failed to initiate any concrete action against the problem, as untreated chemical waste continues to flow through the uncovered storm water drain.\"The stench is unbearable from a distance and we fear that the chemical effluent flowing through the kachha nallah is percolating into the ground water system. At one point, we had to intervene physically by constructing an obstruction since the untreated chemicals were flowing into the rainwater harvesting system,\" added Yadav.A K Maken, executive engineer, HUDA, division II said that he had joined recently and was \"studying the matter\". When asked if there were any comments or action taken by his predecessor, Makan said he was not aware of it.The court has set August 31, 2012 as the deadline for the respondents to file the latest status report. The report is supposed to contain all details showing that no industrial waste have been discharged into the storm water drains in Palam Vihar and adjoining areas.\"The respondents must file status report on or before August 31, 2012, with a copy in advance to learned counsel for the petitioner,\" states the April order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15177922", "title": "Protests continue for second day over Kashmiri youth\u2019s killing", "text": "SRINAGAR: Hundreds of people on Thursday blocked roads and fought pitched battles with security forces for the second day in north Kashmir's Bandipora district to protest a 21-year-old youth killing in army soldiers' firing two days earlier.Police said they had to fire teargas shells to quell the protesters, who were demanding action against Hilal Dar's killers. Earlier, police lodged an FIR and started investigations into the killing.The Army maintained that the slain was a militant while the Jammu &amp; Kashmir government on Wednesday ordered a probe into the killing.But Dar's family insisted that the slain was innocent and worked for a cement factory in Srinagar. His father, Ghulam Mohi-ud-din Dar, said some unknown caller had asked his son to meet him before he was shot dead.Separatist Syed Ali Shah Geelani called for a bandh on Saturday to protest Dar's killing while Jammu &amp; Kashmir Liberation Front (JKLF) chief Yasin Malik said he would lead a march to Srinagar's UN office and present a memorandum there to draw attention towards human rights violations in the Valley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15192030", "title": "Political compulsion makes SP govt reinstall Mayawati's statue", "text": "LUCKNOW: A new statue of Mayawati, replacing the one vandalized by miscreants, was installed overnight at Ambedkar Park in the city.Significantly, when the Samajwadi Party (SP) was in opposition and campaigning for assembly elections earlier this year, it had announced that if voted to power, it's government will bulldoze all the statues of Mayawati installed by her during her five years rule in 14 dalit memorials built in Lucknow and Noida. Now the SP is in power but political compulsions created a situation where its government was forced to install Mayawati's statue instead of bulldozing them.In fact, due to the fear of backlash from the dalit community and deterioration in law and order escalating into a caste war, the entire exercise was carried out on war-footing under the supervision of the district magistrate and other senior officers. Since repair of the broken one was not possible and carving of new marble statue would have taken at least two months, the officials went on an overdrive and found an exact replica of the damaged statue. The officials acted on the direction of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav who did not want to give any opportunity to the rival Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) to use the incident as a rallying point to launch a movement against the state government.\"As carving of a new statue would take time, we decided to find out an old one lying unused. There are several statues lying unused in godowns of state government construction agencies but we needed a statue of Mayawati with the purse, which has become a 'part of her personality'. Luckily, in the backyard of the Sangeet Natak Academy, we found an exact replica of the broken statue. The replica was part of the gallery of 12 statues of various dalit icons carved for installation in an eco park named after BSP founder Kanshiram. However, they were not used because of a stay order of the Supreme Court issued on a petition. The replica gathering dust saved our lives,\" said a senior officer, who supervised the task of replacing marble statue weighing around 500 kg.Heavy machines were pressed into service to carry the replica of the statue from the Academy to the Ambedkar Park. Over 50 labourers were deployed at the site to dig out the pedestal and construct it afresh to install the new statue. Sculptor Shrawan Prajapati who carved the original statue was brought to the site to oversee that nothing goes wrong. It took all night to complete the task.The swift move of the state government forced BSP leaders, who were holding demonstration in various parts of the state accusing the SP government of conspiring to damage Mayawati's statue, to withdraw their agitation. The police also arrested three persons in connection with the case. However, the main accused Amit Jani is still absconding.On Thursday morning, six unidentified miscreants had beheaded the marble statute of Mayawati at Ambedkar Park. A little-known political outfit UP Navnirman Sena took responsibility of the act. Sena leaders in a press conference claimed that their volunteers had wrecked the statue. They said that the destruction of the statue was \"their way to express anger against the scams which took place under the Mayawati regime.\" Later, the party leaders went underground.While BSP leaders claimed that the pressure mounted by Mayawati supporters in all over the state forced government to take prompt action, the SP leaders said that chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had announced after winning elections that he will not indulge in 'politics of vendetta' and had dropped the idea of bulldozing statues and changing the use of the dalit memorials. SP leaders also said that Akhilesh Yadav's action shows that he has risen above party politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15177545", "title": "Court frames charges against two BJP leaders", "text": "RANCHI: Court of first class judicial magistrate Rajiv Ranjan framed charges against two BJP MLA Raghuvar Das and former legislator Saryu Rai for violation of prohibitory orders way back in 2008. Both the accused challenged the charges leveled against them. The two were accused of violating Section 144 of the CrPC while staging a gherao of the then chief minister Madhu Koda's residence as a part of a political programme adopted by the state BJP at that time.The government pleader said both the leaders violated prohibitory orders clamped by the district administration at that time to avoid clashes near the CM's official residence.Counsel of the accused, however, refuted the charges and decided to come up with counter-arguments in support of their claim.Advocate at the civil court Rajesh Kumar said these forms a part of the procedural hearing and the case would be heard further to see if the charges leveled against the leaders hold true before the court of law in due course of hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15175206", "title": "IIT-Bombay polls against 2-tier exam system", "text": "MUMBAI: Of the 1,800 respondents from among the alumni, students and faculty members of IIT-Bombay, around 78% of respondents voted against a two-tier exam system in place of the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE). The poll conducted by the IIT-B Alumni Association (IITBAA) has revealed that most of them were against the proposed JEE reforms structure. The pattern of voting did not change even after the compromise formula was reached at in the IIT-Council meeting on June 27.Among the five questions framed before the compromise formula was arrived at, were on the threat to autonomy, process followed by the ministry of human resource development on whether IIT-B should have its own tests and whether the reforms will dilute the brand value. While 78% of the overall respondents did not support the two-tier exam system, around 85% of students, 70% of the alumni, and 49% of the faculty members were against it. For admissions to IITs, students will have to appear for two tests-JEE-Main and JEE-Advanced. As per the compromise formula, only 1.5 lakh students from the JEE-Main exam will be shortlisted for the JEE-Advanced and the shortlisted ones on the basis of performance in the advanced must be among the top 20 percentile from all the boards.\"We kept the poll open for a week after the compromise formula too and since this was at the fag end of the survey, the entries were less than 100. Only five of these were in support of it, proving that the negative opinion did not even change after the IIT-Council meet on June 27,\" said Damayanti Bhattacharya, the chief operating officer of the IITBAA. The survey was presented in the IIT-B senate on Wednesday.Around 93% of the respondents felt that the move would undermine the autonomy of IITs. As many as 50% of the respondents had a problem with both the solutions proposed and with the process followed in getting there (undermining the senate, IIT Act and statutes). Around 78% felt that IIT-B should conduct their own test. Close to 89% of the ones polled felt that scrapping the current JEE-format will dilute the brand value of the IITs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/sambalpur", "code": "15171303", "title": "Indian Forest Service officer held in US for 'wrongful confinement' of woman hotel employee", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/SAMBALPUR: A senior Indian Forest Service officer from Odisha, Surendra Prasad Mohapatra, has been arrested in the US for alleged \"wrongful confinement\" of a female employee of the hotel where he was staying, according to reports reaching the state on Thursday.Mohapatra, the regional chief conservator of forests of Sambalpur, was on a training programme at Syracuse University , New York , along with 30 officers. Reports said the 52-year-old Mohapatra was unable to connect to the internet from his room, for which a woman staffer was sent up on Wednesday evening. \"My husband told me she could not fix the problem and he told her something in an irritated manner. The woman then lodged a complaint,\" said Mohapatra's wife Seema.The detention of senior Forest Service officer Surendra Prasad Mohapatra in the US on charges of \"wrongful confinement\" of a female hotel staffer could at best be a case of misunderstanding, feel his colleagues and seniors.Describing the development as \"unfortunate\", Odisha forest minister D P Mishra said senior officers of his department were still finding out details about the incident, which has taken the officialdom here by shock.\"The Indian embassy in the US has been informed about the development. The Union ministry of environment and forests is also looking into the case,\" principal chief conservator of forests P N Padhi said. \"We are unable to directly speak to Mohapatra due to restrictions put by the Pennsylvania police.\" Sources said Mohapatra, the regional chief conservator of forests of Sambalpur, left for the US on July 7 for the training programme. \"We feel police has falsely implicated him. There might be some serious misunderstanding,\" maintained S C Khuntia, a forest officer.Another senior forest officer said Mohapatra told him over phone that he had not committed any wrong and had only asked the woman to fix the internet problem. \"When she wanted to go out without fixing the problem, Mohapatra said he asked her to go only after rectifying it,\" the officer said requesting anonymity. Mohapatra's wife Seema said the allegations were false. \"My husband is short-tempered but a strict officer. He would not misbehave or do anything wrong to anyone.\" Dhirendra Bhargava, coordinator of the overseas training programme, told a channel that Mohapatra was an \"old man\" and a \"thorough gentleman\". Bhargava was staying on the same floor as Mohapatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15179195", "title": "Shortage of skilled labourers delaying Cauvery project", "text": "BANGALORE: Reverse migration has hindered the progress of the ambitious Cauvery IV Phase, II Stage water project.Skilled workers from Bihar and West Bengal are heading home, thanks to increasing infrastructure schemes in their states. Disclosing this in the council on Thursday, urban development minister S Suresh Kumar said the Cauvery project requires 3,000 skilled workers, but the government could find only 900.\"It's an ambitious project, but we have a practical problem -- finding men and material. We've also held meetings with the Contractors' Association of India and Builders' Association of India seeking skilled labourers,'' the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15174968", "title": "Same duo suspected in two more thefts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City police registered two cases of thefts from two shops near Panchvati crossroads. CCTV footage from one of the shops is the only lead the cops have to investigate.According to Gujarat University police, Pratik Zaveri, resident of Sanidhya Bungalows, Satellite, owns Regent Jewellers at Center Point near Panchvati. When he reached his shop on Thursday, he found locks on the shutter cut and the shutter half open. He then informed city police about the incident.\"Zaveri had CCTV cameras installed and footage shows two persons entering into the shop at 5.45 am. The duo however could not steal anything valuable and decamped with a laptop worth Rs 15,000. The footage shows the men wearing dark glasses and caps to hide their faces. They soon realized that they were caught on camera and broke two of the cameras and turned another away,\" said a GU police official.Another shop in the same complex, Meera Forex, was also targeted where a laptop worth Rs 10,000 was reported stolen.\"From the CCTV grabs, we believe that the duo, suspected to be involved in the Rs 73.90 lakh theft at a C Road jeweller, might have begun from Panchvati and headed towards Swastik crossroads. Their entry at the Panchvati shop is marked at 5.45 am, an hour before the major theft. Interestingly, all the shops targeted are located on the first floor,\" said the official.One more jewellery shop targeted in SatelliteA jewellery shop in Satellite was targeted by thieves but nothing was reported stolen. Police however have filed an application of complaint and have started a probe find out if it is linked with the other thefts in the western city parts.According to Satellite police officials, Deepak Mandaliya, 55, a resident of Satellite, owns Zaveri Brothers, a shop at Abhishree Complex near Star Bazaar. According to his complaint, somebody broke the locks on the shutters but did not enter the shop. The thieves had first sprayed a thick liquid on the CCTV camera kept and then attempted the theft. They used the common entrance of the building used by customers of an adjacent bank, said investigators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram/kochi", "code": "15170943", "title": "BCG group to enter Ayurveda treatment, to open new hospitals and university", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM/KOCHI: BCG Health Care group is making a foray into Ayurvedic treatment by investing in clinics, farms for medicinal herbs and education. The group, which has had its share of success with homeopathic clinics - Advanced Research and Training for Health (Arth) - launched four months ago, is adding five more clinics by the month end in Thiruvananthapuram, Kollam, Shornur, Palakkad and Thrissur.Rekha C Babu, Ceo of the company, said Arth clinics being set up in the hub and spoke model, have registered month-on-month profit. \"On per-doctor analysis, there is almost 100 % increase in their revenue. The talent pools from this largely unorganised sector are phenomenal and while its corporatisation may be attributed to the 60%, 70% month-on-month growth. We don't want to get carried away with the initial growth and hope to stabilise at around 30%, the projected market growth in this sector.\"Homeopathic sector is expecting a turnover of Rs 4,600 crores and Kerala is expected to contribute Rs 800 crore to this, of which Arth is looking to sit tight on 10% market share by opening 45 clinics by the year end.The company's venture into Ayurveda is also calculated with BCG group not wanting to market itself as panchakarma centre focusing on youth and rejuvenation but on the four branches of Ayurvedic treatment - Rasayana, Vajeekarana, Salya and Manasikam. BCG group will open 25-30 bed Ayurvedic hospitals in Kochi and Tiruvananthapuram.As part of its Rasayana treatment, the first Kayakalpa treatment centre Veda Vaidyasala has started functioning at Palarivattom, Kochi. This centre is currently researching the benefits of the treatment.\"The Kayakalpa Kuti will accept only one patient at a time and currently the team is researching the results shown by a patient who had very low sperm count. Kayakalpa treatment has shown tremendous results in his case,\" she said.The BCG group will be opening an Ayurvedic college at Wyanad with intake planned for 2013 academic year. They have also bought 10 acres of land at Palakkad to cultivate Navara rice which will be used for consumption at the treatment centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15189745", "title": "Samsung sold 50% more devices than Apple in April-June 2012: Report", "text": "WASHINGTON: South Korean electronics giant Samsung has outshipped Apple by a two-to-one margin in the April to June period, according to a new report.According to a Juniper Research report, Samsung, which is already leading in the global smartphone market thanks to its flagship Galaxy series, shipped an estimated 52.1 million devices in the second quarter that was twice the 26 million iPhones that Apple claimed to have sold.Samsung's strong sales were boosted after the success of the latest Galaxy S III phone, which was launched in June and was an immediate hit among tech reviewers and smartphone users.\"At the end of the day, the S III is really strong competition for the iPhone,\" the New York Daily News quoted Jonathan Geller, Editor-in-Chief of tech site BGR.com (Boy Genius Report), as saying. But keep in mind that the iPhone was released nearly a year ago, so for an 'old' phone it didn't do that badly,\" he added.The S III, also known as the 'iPhone killer' has a larger screen, higher resolution among other advanced features and sold up to 10 million units in June, the report said.Geller believes that consumers waiting for the release of the iPhone 5 during the fall may have also contributed to Apple's disappointing revenue collections. The Juniper finding also estimated about 132.9 million smartphones were shipped in the second quarter, which rose from 105.2 million a year ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15176852", "title": "Waive octroi on diesel, spares: Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited chief", "text": "PUNE: Director of the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) Prashant Jagtap has urged the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to waive octroi on spare parts and diesel used by the transport utility.In a letter to standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere, Jagtap has said the PMPML plays a major role in curbing use of personal vehicles.\"The transport utility is facing a fund crunch and the PMC should waive off octroi on spare parts, tyres and diesel. This will help the PMPML maintain the existing fare rates,\" said Jagtap in the letter, which is expected to come up for discussion in the committee meeting next week.Recently, Jagtap had said that since the PMC and the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) are stakeholders in the PMPML, they should keep 3% of the total civic budget for the transport utility. Jagtap had submitted his demand to the municipal commissioners and mayors of Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. He had also demanded that the PMC and PCMC should provide Rs 90 crore and Rs 60 crore respectively to facilitate purchase of 300 buses.Experts and various citizens groups have recently submitted a 10-point action plan to the PMPML for improvement of its services. The citizens groups have said that PMPML's success and effectiveness necessarily depend on the number of commuters it can cater to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15178679", "title": "IPS PG students' meet from today", "text": "MANGALORE: The 14th Indian Prosthodontic Society post-graduate students' convention will be held at Nitte University campus, Deralakatte near here, from Friday.Nearly 1,450 delegates will attend the event to be organized by AB Shetty Memorial Institute of Dental Sciences (ABSMIDS). Eight guest lectures, 10 gurukul, 17 pre-conference courses, 315 paper presentations, 300 posters and 80 table clinics, and social activities have been lined up at the three-day event. Dr N Sridhar Shetty, founder dean of ABSMIDS, said on Thursday that prosthodontics is a specialized field in dentistry, and a major specialty in restorative dentistry.The specialists are skilled professionals who can restore and rehabilitate the diseased and handicapped organ - the stomatognathic system - which is the prime organ of the body dealing with vital functions such as respiration and speech.Dr Shetty added that PG students will have an opportunity to know the recent advancement in prosthetic dentistry like implantology, full-mouth rehabilitation, gnathology, maxillofacial prosthesis, advance articulators, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15176715", "title": "No new self-financing course: Bratya Basu to opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra", "text": "KOLKATA: Education minister Bratya Basu on Thursday assured a delegation of opposition MLAs that the state is framing rules on self-financing courses and will not allow any new such courses till the framework is in place. Assembly opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra, after emerging out of the meeting, said the minister has told him that this decision would not have any bearing on the courses already underway.Mishra - terming the meeting as cordial - said he has agreed with the minister that the Right to Education Act, 2009, lacks flexibility for the Centre hasn't made any financial provision for its implementation. \"There is an inherent contradiction between what isthe state's responsibility and its rights. I have told the minister that we are ready to offer any kind of help for its implementation. While the minister informed that he is touch with the union HRD minister Kapil Sibal , we've urged him to talk to Sibal on whether a meeting can be convened where states can exchange their views,\" he said.Mishra said he was informed by the minister that some land and squatter related problems were delaying the Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) second campus in Murshidabad. \"I have told him that if need be, he can convene a meeting of all parties and seek their help. I am sure whether it is land or otherwise, a consensus can be reached and the work can be expedited,\" he said.Mishra also said that the minister has informed him that a GIS mapping of all state colleges have been completed. The earlier government had completed one on state schools. This will help the government to access and decide where school and colleges needs to be given priority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15175473", "title": "Metro goes fully desi: Tunnel out in Janpath", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro is going desi. In a first, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) on Thursday announced completion of the first tunnel of its Phase III project by an entirely Indian team. Till now, Delhi Metro has preferred to get foreign help for this stage of its projects. \"It's the first time that a tunnel boring machine was driven by an Indian team. The work has been completed on time,\" said a DMRC official.The tunnel, starting from Chelmsford Club and coming out from the Janpath Metro station, is on the \"down\" line of the Central Secretariat - Kashmere Gate corridor. The tunnel boring machine (TBM) emerged at Janpath Metro station site after making a 909.3m long tunnel from Chelmsford Club.\"This TBM was lowered in the Chelmsford Club shaft on January 31 and after assembly of the TBM below the ground. The TBM broke through from the south shaft of the Janpath Metro station close to the Chandralok building.,\" said the Delhi Metro spokesman.The tunnelling was done almost 18m below the earth's surface and the excavated earth was deposited at the Sarita Vihar depot and forest land. The Indian team spearheading the work was led by Lakhwinder Singh who has worked with the Delhi Metro in Phase II as well. Added the Dlehi Metro official, \"Earlier, both Singh and the others in the team \u2014 Mohammed Ali and assistant Ram Avtar Singh Rana \u2014 had assisted in Phase II. This time, they were put in charge.\"The tunnelling was part of the construction of the 3km link between Central Secretariat and Mandi House. The station is expected to reduce pressure on Rajiv Chowk, which handles more than 5 lakh people a day. A total of 648 rings have been inserted simultaneously along with the tunnelling process. Each ring has five segments (each 275mm thick) and the length of one segment is 1.4m. These segments and rings are connected by using bolts. TBM from Herrenknecht was assembled in Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15178989", "title": "Better ties with SP govt, says Congress chief", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Thursday hinted that development initiatives would now be implemented with greater speed, owing to more comfortable relationship with the incumbent government.Speaking on the road project, the beautification and expansion of NH24B, she said that the Centre would incur an expenditure of Rs 300 crore to convert the road connecting Lucknow and Rae Bareli into a four-lane one. Gandhi also said the two-lane road connecting Rae Bareli and Allahabad would be developed and beautified as part of this initiative.In return for positive signals from UP, Gandhi also used the public forum to request Union minister for road transport and highways, CP Joshi to complete all road development projects in UP soon, to facilitate tourists and pilgrims arriving in UP for the Maha Kumbh in Allahabad in early 2013.Making an emotional connect with the people of Rae Bareli, Gandhi also highlighted UPA's contribution to UP by calling it the \"karmbhoomi\" of former prime minister Indira Gandhi. She said, \"In the field of education, the HRD ministry has taken several concrete measures. An approval has been given for one model school to be set up in every block.For this, 75% of the cost is being borne by the Centre. In UP as well, money has been provided for 148 schools.\" The UPA chairperson also conveyed the government's decision to accord national status to the Sharda and Saryu irrigation projects, which would impact crores of people in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15176135", "title": "Avid reader of suspense novels, boy cooks up abduction story", "text": "PUNE: Engineering student Nikhil Gatagat, who had claimed that he was abducted in Pune, robbed and flung into the Vashi creek on July 7, has now confessed that he cooked up the story as he was depressed with his poor performance in his examinations, the police claim.The 20-year-old, a student of the College of Engineering Pune (COEP), admitted that he attempted suicide by jumping into the creek from the old Mankhurd-Vashi bridge, assistant commissioner of police (crime) Vinod Satav said here on Thursday. Nikhil allegedly concocted the abduction story to avoid being scolded by his parents.The police said that Nikhil, who hails from Latur, was an avid reader of suspense novels. In fact, he wanted to be a writer rather than an engineer. A bright student from his school days - he figured in the merit list in both the SSC and HSC examinations - Nikhil was scoring low marks in his engineering course.\"We found that Nikhil had not attended classes during the fifth and sixth semester at college. He had spent those days in a popular library reading suspense novels. He would also frequent a cybercafe and read books online,\" said inspector Sachin Sawant of the anti-extortion cell of the crime branch.Nikhil had told the police that an autorickshaw driver and his accomplice had drugged and robbed him, and taken him to Vashi by car on July 7. They threw him from the bridge into the creek around 7 pm, he had alleged.Senior police and crime branch officials had recorded Nikhil's statement several times over but he stuck to his story. As he had suffered a prolapsed disc (slipped disc), the police let him go back to Latur for treatment and recuperation. In the meantime, the anti-extortion cell collected information about him. The police recorded the statements of his friends and also collected his results from the college.The police again called Nikhil to Pune on Monday for further investigations and he repeated the same story he had given 20 days back. However, when Sawant showed him his examination results and his attendance record, Nikhil admitted that he had attempted to end his life as he was depressed because of his poor showing in college, the police said.According to Sawant, Nikhil arrived in Pune from Latur in a private bus around 7 am. \"He took an ST bus to Vashi. After spending some time in a mall there, he purchased two suspense novels, checked into a lodge around 12.30 pm and spent time reading the books till 6.30 pm. He went to the Vashi toll naka by rickshaw and walked to the old bridge. There, he threw his bag containing his cell phone and Rs 60,000 into the water before jumping in,\" Sawant said.\"However, Nikhil panicked when death stared him in the face. He swam to a pillar of the bridge and shouted for help. Two fishermen rescued him and took him to the Vashi police station, where he cooked up his abduction-robbery story,\" Sawant said.Nikhil's father Narendra told the police that his son had never told him of his wish to become a writer. \"He has been an introvert since childhood. We own bookstores and a publishing house in Latur. Had he told me he wanted to become a writer, I would have readily agreed,\" the father said.Senior inspector Manohar Joshi of the Deccan Gymkhana police station said no case has been registered against Nikhil yet.Pune: Investigations have revealed that the alleged abduction and robbery of College of Engineering Pune (COEP) student Nikhil Gatagat was a cooked up story by the student himself, claimed the police.Nikhil, 20, who was frustrated with his poor performance in examinations, had attempted to commit suicide by jumping into the creek at Vashi from the old Mankhurd-Vashi bridge on July 7. After he was rescued by two fishermen, he cooked up the story of his own abduction and robbery to avoid scolding from his parents, assistant commissioner of police (crime) Vinod Satav said here on Thursday.Nikhil, who was fond of reading crime stories, had told the police that an autorickshaw driver and his accomplice drugged him and abducted him early in the morning on July 7. They took him to Vashi in a car and threw him into the creek around 7 pm, he added.Senior police officials and the crime branch officials had recorded his statement several times and Nikhil stuck to his story. The police, however, suspected his statements as he claimed that he was unconscious the whole day and regained consciousness when he was inside the car at Vashi, Satav said.As Nikhil was suffering from a prolapsed disc (slipped disc), he was allowed to go to his home in Latur, said Sachin Sawant, inspector of the anti-extortion cell of the crime branch. During that period, the anti-extortion cell collected more information about him. The police recorded the statements of his friends and also collected his results from the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15175442", "title": "People from Northeast join anti-graft chorus", "text": "NEW DELHI: Supporters from the northeastern states can be spotted more often at Team Anna's fasts now. At Jantar Mantar, several from Sikkim are keeping fast with team members and youths from the northeast studying in the city have also begun to drop in.\"We are five of us,\" says Y T Lepcha, who runs the Swatantra Sramik Sangathan from Gangtok, Sikkim. His companions come from south and east Sikkim. He wears a straw cap with peacock feathers, traditionally worn by the Lepcha community, and carries a sheet of paper with its various features explained in Hindi.\"I thought people might ask about the cap,\" he says. \"I want to request the group to visit the state. Our leaders only make speeches. None of that is translated into action.\" He has brought with himself a 2011 CAG report with the sections dealing with issues like roads and garbage disposal highlighted.\"Our support here is directly related to our backing for Irom Sharmila,\" says Imphal-based student Bob Wiju. He is in the city to write an entrance exam and has spent his free time at the protest. \"Manipur is one of the most corrupt states, all funds are misused. The issues are the same as here.\"Wiju admits that northeast locals don't relate to the movement here but he says, \"If such protests are held in Manipur, they will find a lot of support.\" He also adds that the language barrier \u2014 most of the speeches at the fasts have been delivered in Hindi \u2014 may also have been a reason for the large number of students from the northeast in Delhi not joining in.Brothers, Tridib and Bijoy Bordoloi, attended the protest on Wednesday for the first time. Though they are not fasting, they explained that they support Anna in his cause. \"Anna is speaking about issues that affect us all. Right now he seems our best bet,\" says Tridib, elder of the two, who works in finance.But Jamia student Bijoy said, \"The issues Anna speaks about might affect all, but they are discussed in a general manner. The problems of the northeast require more careful handling.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15173830", "title": "After 12 years, Nagpur University to fill up 54 MPharm seats", "text": "NAGPUR: After a delay of 12 years, Nagpur University administration has decided to fill up all 54 Master of Pharmacy (MPharm) seats allocated to it by AICTE. For over a decade, NU was admitting only 26 students to the course despite AICTE having sanctioned 28 more seats way back in 1995-96. Medicine faculty dean Pramod Yeole who fought for the restoration of seats since long confirmed the development.According to him, total seats were filled up only once in 1999-2000, that too allegedly only to accommodate the then department head's son. \"Afterwards, for unknown reasons, NU was filling up only 26 seats, thus causing loss to nearly 300 students,\" he said. The university also lost precious revenue of up to Rs4 crore by not filling up these seats, he said. He added that NU administration led by vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal took this step only after getting an ultimatum from the joint director of technical education in this regard. NU PRO, however, couldn't be contacted for comments.Yeole made a lot of efforts to restore the seats and even wrote many letters to chancellor K Sankaranarayanan requesting his intervention in the issue after NU administration ignored his repeated demand. He also raised the issue in Academic Council. It was only after the matter came up for discussion in Senate meeting in March that all members wholeheartedly supported him and pulled up the administration for its lethargy.\"Until this meeting, NU was not offering any explanation why these seats were not being filled. It was only when the issue was raised, the administration revealed that those 28 seats were reserved for the candidates sponsored by industries,\" Yeole said. He added that on the one hand, private colleges were increasing seats while NU was not filling up even its sanctioned quota which could benefit many poor students. Later, around 300 pharmaceutical students also approached the VC and a few even moved Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court with same demand.Yeole admitted that these additional seats were reserved for sponsored candidates, but added there was nothing preventing the university to take other students if sponsored ones were not available as per a Government Resolution (GR). \"The fees for normal candidates in NU department is somewhere around Rs7,000 while private colleges charge much more as the course is job-oriented and much in demand,\" he said.Yeole accused Pharmacy HoD for this mess. \"A panel formed under late senior academician Balraj Aher had confirmed the wrongdoings and its findings were endorsed by another panel of a retired judge. They both said eight students including HoD's son were admitted flouting the norms,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15181209", "title": "Athi\u2019s bicycle club initiative to be re-launched in Thiruvananthapuram soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: There is good news for city residents who plan to cut down their fuel budget. The Athi's Bicycle Club (ABC) initiative will be re-launched by mayor K Chandrika at a function to be held at the Museum premises on August 6.ABC, in its second innings, will be completely automated and will be aided by a new software -- Athi's Bicycle Club Management System (AMS). A server located at ABC's new headquarters at the Technopark campus will monitor the functioning of the club.Athi's Bicycle Club, launched in March 2011, became an instant hit with the city folks for its non-linear mode of operations. The members are not required to return the cycle to the rack from where they took it. Instead, they just need to take the cycle to the rack nearest to their destination. The unique number codes to unlock and lock the cycles were provided through SMSes.ABC discontinued its services on city roads and restricted the operations to the Technopark campus in January for upgrading its operation from a manual to automatic platform. At one stage the membership had reached over 1,800 making manual control impossible.Athirup, the founder of the club, said that the club is also planning to carry out a series of campaigns promoting cycling as a cheap and healthier transportation alternative. The campaigns will be launched simultaneously with the club's re-launch, he said. The cycles will also be made available at 17 areas in the city, instead of the earlier 14.\"The automation will help improve the efficiency of the club. Earlier, the unique codes to lock and unlock the bicycles were sent as SMSs manually. Now onwards, the process will be handled by the AMS,\" Athirup said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15177595", "title": "25 guards to protect Godavari river", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to prevent pollution in the river Godavari, the standing committee of NMC on Thursday decided to deploy a special squad for which around 25 security guards would be recruited.The proposal in this connection was tabled by the administration at the meeting on Thursday.Pollution in the Godavari River has become a matter of concern. Releasing nirmalya (waste of flowers and puja items), washing clothes and vehicles cause pollution in the river. To avoid this, the proposal to appoint security guards on the banks of Godavari from Ahilyabai Holkar Bridge to Talkuteshwar temple was tabled at the meeting.Chairman Uddhav Nimse said, \"Around twenty-five security guards will be appointed within the next 15 days with an aim to control pollution in Godavari River. These posts of security guards will be filled as per the rules and qualifications. It will be necessary for the candidates to have taken security training.\"Out of the 25 security guards to be recruited, 10 would be women. The guards would collect fine from those who will pollute the river by way of washing clothes, vehicles and releasing nirmalya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15190250", "title": "Indian women closing gender gap on financial literacy: Survey", "text": "MUMBAI: In terms of basic money management, women in the emerging markets like India are ahead of men, according to a survey conducted by MasterCard, the credit card company.However, people in mature markets proved to be better financial planners overall, the survey showed. In terms of overall financial literacy, Taiwan and New Zealand tied for first place with a score of 73 index points each, with Taiwan jumping up from fifth in 2010.The next in line were Hong Kong, Australia and Singapore , with 71 index points each, a release from MasterCard noted. Notably, Hong Kong jumped up from sixth position when the survey was conducted in 2010. Thailand , first in the region two years ago, fell 10 places to 11th in 2012 with 65 index points.China and India were ranked the lowest in the basic money management index scoring 55 index points each, the release said. Although ranked lowest, women in India are closing the gender gap when it came to financial literacy, the survey concluded.The firm's Worldwide Index of Financial Literacy survey, conducted between 24 April 24 and June 10 this year involving 6904 respondents from in 14 Asia/Pacific countries. This is the third survey of Financial Literacy conducted since 2010.The survey polled consumers on three aspects of financial literacy including their basic money management skills, investment knowledge and financial planning to determine the level of basic money management skills in terms of budgeting, savings, and responsibility of credit usage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15174058", "title": "Amy's Ghost makes for riveting viewing", "text": "NAGPUR: Putting an end to the long wait, newbie filmmaker Atish Thakur held a private screening of his maiden film Amy's Ghost at a city hotel on Thursday. The invitees included the cast and their friends who enjoyed every bit of the experience.Thakur was to have a worldwide release of the film in April. But numerous reasons have kept the film from hitting the screens at theatres in India and abroad. \"My contract does not permit me to release the film unless it has been screened abroad. The people associated with the making of this film were getting impatient so I decided to hold a private screening for their benefit,\" said Atish ahead of the screening.The restlessness among the actors can be understood as the entire cast of the film consists of Nagpurians. Thakur auditioned some 300 kids. The final count of actors in the film is 30, all from the city. The film was shot at Seminary Hills, Lourd Mata Mandir, Parsee cemetery, and properties near CP Club.The 95 minute film was shot on a 5D camera in a short period of 17 days during the winters. This by itself was no mean achievement as the entire cast comprised actors who were facing the camera for the first time, the bulk of them being kids in 7-15 year age-group. The cinematography by Ravi Prasad captures the locales as well as the mood of the story.Terming it as a film in the genre of a psychological thriller, Thakur chose occult as a subject for his first film. The story revolves around the concept of selling ones soul to Satan in return for some powers. Though the subject gets a generic treatment in the film, yet it sure has a dark mood and environment. The familiar locales of Nagpur shot beautifully provide a novel experience for the city crowd. The music by Kevin Macleod and Paul Connelly keeps the element of suspense and thrill alive.Now scheduled to be released between September 8 and 18, Amy's Ghost will be premiered at the Toronto film festival and others to be held in US and Canada. Its India release will be synchronized with the film being screened at 70 theatres in UK.\"In Nagpur I will release it at specially created drive-in theatres during the winter. It will be a great experience to view film while enjoying food,\" says Atish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15175917", "title": "Cunchelim locals cry foul over garbage plant", "text": "MAPUSA: The locals of Cunchelim have opposed the Mapusa Municipal Council's (MMC) plans of setting up a garbage treatment plant in the village. Locals fear the problem of water contamination, pollution and spread of disease if the garbage treatment is allowed at the site which is near residential houses.MMC officials have acquired 32,000 sq m of land for the construction of the plant at Cunchelim, which is expected to be set up in the next two years. The municipality has spent 2.30 crore for the land acquisition and will spend 47 lakh to construct the compound wall.On Thursday, when the construction work of the compound wall began, around 400 locals from Cunchelim gathered at the site to protest the setting up of the garbage treatment plant in their locality. \"We will not allow the treatment plant here,\" said local and former MMC chairperson Prabhakar Vernekar. The local ward councillor Ruhi Patre has also supported the people. \"The proposed site has not been chosen wisely as there it is surrounded by residential areas,\" Patre said.Locals said that the selected site is on a slope and is likely to affect ground water from the villages of Camurli, Duler, Colvale and Cunchelim. The site is also near a temple, church and school.On an average, 15-20 tonnes of garbage is generated per day within the Mapusa municipal jurisdiction. Currently, garbage is disposed of at the Assagao plateau.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15175459", "title": "Give certificates fast to students going abroad: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday took up cu8dgels for students who want to pursue higher studies abroad but are hamstrung because of delay in issuing results or certificates, saying everything should be done to help them. \"Why can't the university issue certificates promptly? St8u88dents going abroad to pursue higher studies are national jewels and we should do everything to support them,\" the court said on a petition from two students of the Maharashtra University of Health Services (MUHS).The HC was hearing the petition of two lady doctors whose admission to the prestigious Yale and Cornell colleges are in trouble as the Maharashtra University of Health Services (MUHS) insists that they will get their final degree certificates at the convocation ceremony in April 2013. \"Something has to be done in such cases to help students,\" said a division bench of Justices D Y Chandrachud and R D Dhanuka. The court has told the two newly-graduated doctors to be present for the next hearing on July 30. \"Write to the colleges and ask them what documents they need. We will tell MUHS to consider the request,\" the judges added. During the hearing, Justice Chandrachud mentioned his personal experience about his son, who is studying at Oxford University. The judge said the college had emailed marksheets to his son few weeks after the academic year concludedDr Rutuja Kattar and Dr Tanaya S had passed their final MBBS examinations from MIMER Medical College in Talegaon, Pune, and Grant Medical College, Mumbai, respectively in July 2010. They completed their internships in July 2012. Rutuja also completed her elective internship at Yale University School and Tanaya from Weill Cornell Medical College in the US, and were eligible for admissions to pursue an MD programme in the 2012 batch, according to their petitions. However, MUHS, which had held its convocation ceremony in April 2012, said they would have to wait for the final degree certificates till April 2013, when the next ceremony would be held.\"They are in danger of losing admissions,\" said advocate P A Pol, counsel for the petitioners. He pointed out that they had submitted provisional certificates signed by the dean as well as another certificate signed by the controller of examinations. \"The colleges have clearly mentioned that they would only accept the final degree certificate signed by the vice-chancellor,\" said Pol. He pointed out that other state universities, including Karnataka's, issued final degree certificates promptly to students. \"There is no bar in rules to hold more than one convocation ceremony in a year,\" added Pol.The judges said holding more than one ceremony in an academic year to suit the convenience of students may not be feasible, but there may be ways to ensure students did not lose out on admission to prestigious foreign colleges. The court went through the temporary certificate issued by the varsity, which began with 'To whomsoever it may concern' and mentioned that their degrees would be confirmed only in April 2013. \"What is the need to put the line 'Whomsoever it may concern'? Can the varsity not issue a certificate in a proper format to make it more acceptable to the colleges?\" the judges asked the MUHS lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15178603", "title": "Violinist\u2019s wizardry has audience in raptures of delight", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Violen maestro Anupriya Deotale left the audience spellbound with her presentation of Raag Charukeshi at a concert held at Government Home Science College in Sector 11. The show was organized by SPIC MACAY and the college cultural committee. The concert began with \"gatt jhaptaal,\" followed by \"teental\" in \"madhya laye\" and \"dhrut laye.\" The mesmerizing 'alaap', was followed by a huge applause. Zohaib Khan on tabla meticulously matched the maestro's 'layaekaari'. The audience gave a standing ovation to the maestro at the end of the session.Anupriya, who started her classical music career at 16 was born in Indore and was brought up in Delhi. As Anupriya did not come from a musical family, so it was not really easy building her music carrier. Despite this she managed to become one of the finest artists.Having done her masters in music, the biggest inspiration in her life is her mother who encouraged her to learn violin. The musician chose violin because of its soulful sound.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15175584", "title": "Assam riots: Muslim MPs seek central intervention, say have no faith in Gogoi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A group of Muslim MPs, led by Congress leader K Rahman Khan, on Thursday demanded central intervention to end the ongoing ethnic clashes in lower Assam saying they have lost confidence in Tarun Gogoi government's ability to control the spiraling violence.The demand came in the backdrop of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's slated visit to the troubled areas on Saturday, even as the home ministry asked the state to hold leaders of both sides responsible in case of any more violence.\"There is failure somewhere. We have lost confidence in the state government's ability to control violence and demanded central intervention,\" Khan said after meeting home minister P Chidambaram.His remarks come amid reports that it was the Centre that had first alerted Assam about the first incident, which eventually became a full-blown crisis resulting in deaths of at least 42 people in the past seven days.\"District administration appeared to sit quietly till a strong missive went to the state from the home ministry\", said an official, adding it was strange that the 'incidents' which saw killing of two Muslims and four Bodos did not wake up the local police administration.Officials here felt that the local administration should not have taken the incidents 'lightly', particularly when the areas, comprising Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri, had history of such communal flare-ups.Government warned that the leaders of both Bodos and Muslims would be held responsible if any side was found to be instigating violence. \"The Centre and the state government are both clear that any violence on any side that is instigated and that result in loss of life, the leaders on both sides shall be made responsible,\" said Union home secretary R K Singh.He, however, said the situation was better as no incident was reported during the day. So far, 100 rioters were arrested, he added. The home minister, who had been constant touch with the chief minister, too said there was no casualty in the past 24 hours.The home secretary said the prime objective of the government was also to provide help and assistance to the affected people who were in camps. He said approximately 1.71 lakh people have been displaced due to the ethnic violence in lower Assam.Referring to the incidents and displacement of people due to ongoing violence, the Muslim MPs, including NCP's Tariq Anwar, Asrarul Haque (Congress) and Sabir Ali (JD-U), said they had \"never seen such kind of ethnic violence in India\".\"Situation is very tense and something has to be done urgently. The state government has not been able to control the situation\", said Khan, the former deputy chairman of Rajya Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15174976", "title": "23 BCom colleges with vacant seats listed by Gujarat University", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A day after Gujarat University (GU) announced the completion of admissions in commerce colleges in the city, GU officials declared a list of 23 colleges which have vacant seats. Students who have failed to get admissions have been asked to go to these colleges and take admission on the basis of merit.Ironically, the list of 23 colleges does not include any top college despite report which the monitoring committee has submitted to the GU stating that most top colleges have vacant seats. Academicians said this means that the entire effort put in by the monitoring committee was just an exercise in futile.Acting vice-chancellor Mukul Shah said that there is no seat vacant in top colleges. However, he said he would seek more information to know if there are any vacant seats.Meanwhile, academicians have claimed that the top colleges have deliberately kept the seats reserved to oblige political leaders, student leaders and other influential people. These seats have not been declared vacant in order to facilitate back door entry for the students favored by the college managements. \"At the beginning of admissions, the GU made a lot of noise, asking college managements not to enroll students outside the merit list. However, it was all eyewash. The GU doesn't have any say on the way admissions are conducted,\" said an academician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15175507", "title": "Power tariff hike: HC notice to Gujarat Electricity Regulatory Commission", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat high court on Thursday asked Gujarat Electricity Regulatory Commission (GERC) and electricity providers to explain the hike in tariff that came into effect last month.A bench of chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala issued notice to GERC, Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Ltd and four state electricity distribution companies in response to a public interest litigation (PIL) by Consumer &amp; Education Research Society. CERS questioned GERC's decision to raise the tariff on June 1. The new tariff structure has been fixed for the year 2012-13.The petitioner demanded that the tariff hike be immediately stopped and asked the court to direct GERC to implement the old tariff, and distribution companies to bill customers by the old tariff structure.The petitioner submitted that GERC is expected to revise tariffs on the basis of petitions by distributors. However, none of the four companies filed a petition or provide any details to GERC, which unilaterally ordered a hike in the electricity tariff. This would cause consumers to bear an extra financial burden of Rs 329 crore.Arguing for the petitioner, advocate Apurva Dave brought to the court's notice that GERC has been consistently increasing electricity tariffs for the last couple of years.The counsel also submitted that the four distribution companies are supposed to recover huge sums from defaulters. The companies did not recover nearly Rs 1,230 crore from defaulters, and GERC continues to punish consumers instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15176070", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) target structures in rivers' floodline'", "text": "PUNE: The civic administration will soon remove nearly 500 unauthorized constructions built after April 1 2012 and identified by the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC).Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said, \"The civic administration is firm on action against unauthorized constructions. They have been divided into four categories. We will take action against them in phases. In the first phase, action will be taken against constructions in the rivers' floodline areas and those which are on plots reserved in the development plan.\"Maruti Vanjari, a citizen from Pimpri-Chinchwad, had filed a Public Interest Litigation(PIL) in the Bombay high court last year about unauthorized constructions. The court had directed the civic body to take action against such constructions and set six months for the action. The civic body later asked for a six-month extension.Meanwhile, the civic body sent a proposal to the state government demanding that the unauthorized constructions be regularised like they have been in Ulhasnagar. When this proposal was rejected, another was sent which is pending. The government has directed the civic body not to allow any new unauthorised constructions in the city.Since the last two months, a series of drives were carried out by the civic administration for removal of unauthorized constructions. Last week, many corporators made a demand that the civic administration seek fresh directives from the state government about action against unauthorized constructions. They plan to meet deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar.All the three MLAs from Pimpri-Chinchwad staged a dharna in Mumbai demanding that unauthorized constructions before March 31, 2012 be regularized. The general body meeting on July 20 was adjourned to support the MLAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "15173328", "title": "Water supply to Ujjain rationed", "text": "UJJAIN: The Ujjain Municipal Corporation on Thursday decided to ration the supply of water owing to low water level in Gambhir dam. Presently, the city is being supplied water every day. From Friday onwards, residents will get water on alternative days.Earlier, a team of Ujjain Municipal Corporation headed by mayor Rameshwar Akhand and other senior officials visited the dam, and saw that the water level had gone down drastically in the reservoir. The move will, however, affect the temple town which witnesses gathering of lakhs of devotees in the month of sravan.Meanwhile, the villagers of Alampur and Udana opposed the Savrakhedi Dam Project on Thursday. Since its inception, the dam project has been a cause of concern for the administration due to opposition from the villagers. Following the resistance from Sarvakehdi villagers, the decision to shift the dam to Alampur and Udana villages on Dewas road was taken. But, even the villagers from these two villages raised their voices against the dam. They believe that the dam will ruin their lives.SDM RS Meena, tehsildar, Aadil Sharm went to the spot and tried to pacify the agitated villagers. They claimed that the construction of dam would be an advantage for them. They were also assured of compensation in lieu of the land that would come under the reservoir area, but in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15177233", "title": "Govt launches anti-ragging website", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Thursday launched an anti-ragging website helping students of universities, colleges and professional institutes lodge online complaints against ragging or harassment and seek faster response.The portal (www.antiragging.in) launched by HRD minister Kapil Sibal is also expected to maintain a database of students and will be connected to most universities by year-end. Sibal said, \"Lot of young students have lost their lives, many lose their confidence because of this practice....Through this facility we want to ensure that culprits get strict punishment.''The UGC-managed portal has been developed in active collaboration with Rajendra Kachroo, father of Aman who lost his life to ragging at a medical college in Himachal in 2009. According to Kachroo, medical colleges continue to have a disproportionately large number of complaints emanating from them. Students can also register their complaint by dialing 18001805522 as part of the facility, which will be followed up in a structured software system. \"The complaints would be examined. If they are of serious magnitude, they would be transferred quickly to the police, the magistrate and head of the institution,\" said UGC acting chairman Ved Prakash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15173792", "title": "Naxals lash out at Korchi sarpanch, elected representatives", "text": "NAGPUR: The situation in sensitive Korchi tehsil has turned dicey after Naxals recently slammed village headmen and elected representatives for withdrawing their resignations on July 18. The elected officials had rejoined duties after being assured by the district administration and police department that development projects would be implemented in the region.The district has already witnessed Naxals targeting village headmen and elected representatives in the last few months. With the latest development, it is possible that rebels will target sarpanchs, their deputies, police patils and elected representatives of gram panchayats during the weeklong bandh over martyrs' week that begins on July 28.The rebels have now asked the masses to ask elected representatives, police patils and village headmen the grounds for withdrawing their resignations. They have also warned against starting any government sponsored works in villages.A press release of Korchi area committee of Communist Party of India (Maoist) condemns the withdrawal of resignations. The rebels also claimed that the elected representatives and police patils tried to mislead the masses, but have been exposed.Some 28 village headmen, their deputies, 24 police patils and 114 elected representatives of gram panchayats had furnished resignations on July 10, protesting poor development, police highhandedness and apathy of government machinery. The resignations were withdrawn on July 18 after Gadchiroli district collector Abhishek Krishna and Superintendent of police Mohammed Suvez Haque assured to solve their issues.The Naxals have now blamed the elected representatives and police patils for walking into the lure of the district administration and police department. It has accused them of accepting favours to withdraw resignations, which they had been compelled to furnish by agitating masses. The rebels also claimed the police have been targeting innocent villagers with preventive actions and false cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15179266", "title": "Why additional burden, question residents", "text": "LUDHIANA: The government's proposal to impose tax on professionals like doctors, engineers, architects and lawyers in Punjab, has left the professionals in the city irked. While a majority of them are dead against the idea of implementation of any such tax, there are some who feel that it does not matter if the taxes are reasonable.Demanding a rollback, Gurvinder Singh Sodhi, 36, secretary District Bar Association and resident of Dugri, said, \"We strongly oppose implementation of professional tax. For example, an advocate is not a service provider rather he is a legal practitioner. Thus he is not liable to pay this tax. Plus all advocates work in different fields and charge fee for legal help.\" He added, \"The government appears to be desperate to make money since it has now decided to levy taxes on service professionals too. Most professionals already come under service tax levied by the central excise department and the new tax will mean double taxation. This is unfair and we will fight tooth and nail.\" Amarjeet Singh, 42, another advocate and a resident of Sarabha Nagar, said, \"I feel no country can advance by burdening its citizens. Moreover, the government is not utilizing the taxes which it regularly collects then why is it planning to collect more?\"President of Punjab Tax Bar Association and resident of South City, Ashok Juneja, 59, feels the government failed to fulfill its promise of reducing taxes. He said, \"Professional tax is an attempt to increase the multi-tax system which is against the promise of the government to reduce taxes. While introducing value added tax system, the government had promised that with its implementation other taxes being levied would be reduced on the pattern of European countries.\"According to the proposal, those who come under the income tax bracket will have to pay three taxes; the income tax levied by the Income Tax Department, service tax charged by the Central Excise Department and now the professional tax to be levied by the state government. Also unhappy with the idea of paying an additional tax, Dr Raju Singh Cheena, 50, dean academics DMC and resident of Shakti Vihar, said, \"We are already paying so many taxes and such a step would definitely not be a pleasant one. However, it is yet to be seen as to how the government is going to implement this tax legally and slabs it is planning.\"On the flip side, Rajeev Sharma, 37, a resident of Civil Lines and chartered accountant by profession, feels that while implementing professional tax might solve the problem of cash starved Punjab, the government should be very sensible in setting the slabs. He said, \"We are ready to pay professional tax, but the same should be reasonable. It would be more sensible if the tax is levied in accordance with the post, qualification and experience of the payee. Further, to make the system transparent and efficient, the entire process should be online.\"Residents suggest efficient utilization of the presently collected taxes than increasing the burden on professionals. \"Being salaried, we are already paying so many taxes and now this tax is also being implemented at a time when inflation is at its peak. The government should rather think of efficiently utilizing the taxes it presently collects rather than planning an additional burden,\" opines Dr Kavita Saggar, 45, professor and head radio diagnosis DMCH.Sanjay Goel, 41, an architect by profession and resident of Kiran Vihar, said, \"This proposal is unacceptable as professionals, who are already paying income tax and service tax, are being over burdened. The government is targeting only one section of the society, while giving a loose rope to others.\" While another architect and resident of Model Town Extension, Harinder Singh Boparai, 41, feels that implementing such a tax would halt the infrastructural growth of the state. \"Architects should be exempted from paying any tax as they design the infrastructure in the country. If such a tax is introduced, people would avoid coming to us which in turn would be detrimental for the growth of state's infrastructure,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15180039", "title": "Scare in British theatre over masked man", "text": "LONDON: Just hours after a gunmen massacred 12 people at a US cinema hall last week, moviegoers at a UK theatre screening the latest Batman flick got a fright of their lives when an attendant walked in wearing a gas mask. The prank took place at the Vue cinema in Worcester (UK) on Friday, less than 24 hours after the massacre at a cinema hall in Aurora, Colorado , screening 'The Dark Knight Rises' . The stunt has been condemned by \"appalled and sickened\" audience members who have written to Vue demanding an apology, the Daily Mail reported. Schoolteacher Elizabeth Atkinson was at the screening with brothers James and Leo. \"In light of the recent and tragic event during the screening of the new Batman film in Aurora, Colorado , I was shocked and appalled by the attitude displayed by the staff at the Vue cinema here in Worcester ,\" she said. A spokesman for Vue cinemas said, \"Everyone at Vue Entertainment is deeply shocked and saddened by the tragic incident that took place in Denver, US.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15175555", "title": "Naroda inspector transferred after row", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Police commissioner SK Saikia transferred Naroda police inspector JD Brahmbhatt on Wednesday night. MB Vala, a police inspector at Gujarat Police Academy, Karai, took charge on Thursday. Brahmbhatt was caught in a row when he rounded up 40 persons from Rabari and Bharwad community in two days. He had told their family members that he was following a notification issued by sector II joint commissioner of police SG Bhati and that the persons involved in money lending business were to be rounded up for investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15178949", "title": "250 traffic cops for 13.9L vehicles", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city has seen a drastic rise in number of vehicles on its roads, but the constant strength of traffic police personnel has frequently failed in regulating the traffic, resulting in a rise in accidents and deaths on roads. A total of 250 traffic cops manage about 13.9 lakh vehicles plying on city roads every day.The degree of the adversity of this situation becomes evident when one looks at the number of cops actually working on a particular day to manage traffic on city roads. Of the total 250 personnel, about 50 comprise those on administrative duties and on leave.With such a crunch, even the regular bottlenecks in the city, such as Samrala Chowk get just five cops to manage the traffic entering and exiting the city.Ludhiana's central location and its industrial and political significance mean a lot of floating traffic transits through city roads on a regular basis. But, instead of being provided additional strength and infrastructure to keep the movement of vehicles smooth, the city traffic police are bound to deploy their personnel for managing the frequent visits of VIPs at the expense of city residents.In terms of necessary infrastructure, the city traffic police have just 11 vehicles including the four new Pulsar bikes added to the fleet recently. Sources in the department say there is a shortage of at least 25 vehicles in order to manage the city traffic efficiently.\"The number of traffic cops in the city is less, but we have adopted various methods to regulate the traffic and improve the situation, which has even started yielding some results. The number of casualties in road accidents is 92 till date this year compared to 294 last year. The situation will improve with several other measures,\" said Ludhiana commissioner of police Ishwar Singh.\"The city has grown and so has its needs. There is a dire requirement for more traffic cops who are well-equipped to deal with problems,\" said Dr B S Kumar of SBS Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15192516", "title": "Kaddi Pudi movie launch at a temple!", "text": "The launch of Kannada movie 'Kaddi Pudi' took place at Banashankeri Devi Temple in Bangalore. Shivarajakumar, V Ravichandran, Rangayana Raghu, Avinash, Dhuniya Soori, Yogaraj Bhat, V Harikrishna, Golden star Ganesh, Dhuniya Vijay, Ajay Rao, Raghavendra Rajakumar arrived for the occassion.Chandru is the producer of 'Kaddi Pudi' who has also produced movies like 'Swayamvara'.The unique title for the movie has been a subject of discussion and recently Shivrajkumar was asked the same. \"There is nothing wrong in the title. The title refers to a kick. When 'Kaddi Pudi' - smashed tobacco is chewed consumers get a kick. And same will go for the movie. In this film 'Kaddi Pudi' is used to kick the rabble rousers \" says Shivarajakumar addressing the crowded media. He also added,\"This will be another interesting film in my career\". Source: filmglitz.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15174605", "title": "Six Rohtak colleges to lose affiliation over owner\u2019s misbehaviour with girl students", "text": "ROHTAK: Rohtak's Maharshi Dayanand University would disaffiliate six colleges owned by Joginder Dalal, who is accused of forcing students in saris to perform sheersasan, a yoga position, passing vulgar remarks and assaulting students at one of his BEd colleges in Rohtak.The move comes after an inquiry committee found Dalal, who has been on the run, guilty of all charges that the students had leveled against him on July 14.The four-member committee visited the colleges in Rohtak and found that they did not have adequate infrastructure and faced shortage of teaching staff.MDU vice-chancellor R P Hooda told TOI that these colleges have been put under no admission category for the next session and the proceedings of disaffiliation has been initiated on the basis of the inquiry report.Dalal and his management had allegedly asked girls to perform Shirshasana when they refused to pay him exorbitant fee for appearing in the practical examination.Rakesh Ranjan Tripathi, a student who had objected to Dalal's behavior, was attacked with an axe.Later, Tripathi and his classmates lodged a complaint against the director and two other staff members after which the police registered a case on July 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15178224", "title": "Jharkhand State Electricity Board plans to improve distribution network", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) is working on a plan to appoint at least 5,000 technicians to look after maintenance of its distribution network in the state.The proposal will be taken up for discussion in the next board meeting of the JSEB so that the process of recruitment begins at the earliest. The board is expected to meet within a few days to discuss the matter of vacancies at different level.State energy secretary Vimal Kirti Singh said even by a conservative estimate the additional number of technicians required for proper maintenance of distribution network is around 8,000.\"The requirement is according to the vacancies that have been there for many years. My effort is to at least start the process for recruitment of 5,000 technical staff so that the network is maintained without much problem,\" said Singh adding that he recently had discussion on the matter of vacancies with chairman of the board.Sources in the board said the energy department and they themselves have been trying this since long. Whenever the matter is taken up it gets scuttled due to various factors including possibility of irregularity in recruitment process.The last time the matter was taken up some people suggested that nothing should be done till the unbundling of the Board is completed. The Board has to be divided into at least three companies for generation, transmission and distribution. It is expected that the board will be unbundled by end of this calendar year.\"A section of officers were of the opinion that if the recruitment is done now then there will be problem in division of workforce. Some of the officers and even board members were of the opinion that before recruitment the board should get consultancy from some experienced organization about actual manpower requirement,\" said the source adding that no step should be taken in hurry and land in trouble later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15177365", "title": "Student dead as bikes collide in campus", "text": "COIMBATORE: A second-year student of an engineering college died after a final-year student from the same institution on a two-wheeler rammed his bike near the main entrance of the campus on Wednesday evening. The deceased was riding into the college premises while his senior was riding out when the incident occurred. Both of them were not wearing helmets and sustained grievous head injuries.The final year student is undergoing medical treatment at a private hospital in the city and is in extremely critical state. The body of the deceased student was taken to his native district of Thrissur in Kerala on Thursday morning.\"The senior student was riding at a very high speed and could not control his vehicle and rammed the deceased student's bike. Police was informed about the incident at 5pm on Wednesday evening,\" said P Balakrishnan, sub inspector, Chettipalayam police station.According to police, the incident occurred at around 4.45pm on Wednesday evening. The deceased was identified as Nithin Nandhakumar, 20, from Choondal in Thrissur district in Kerala. He was pursuing Bachelor of Engineering in Mechatronics from Hindusthan College of Engineering and Technology near Othakkalmandapam in Pollachi.His father Nandhakumar is employed as a supervisor at a hospital based in the Middle East and his mother was staying along with his mother near the college.Nithin was riding into the college campus and E Vijayaraghavan, a final year Mechanical Engineering student, on his way out of the campus when the accident occured. Due to the impact, both flung from their vehicles and sustained serious injuries.The students and some college staff members rushed the boys to a nearby private hospital, which refused to admit them. Nitin died on the way to Kovai Medical Centre and Hospital (KMCH) while Vijayaraghavan, who hails from Namakkal district, is under treatment at the hospital.\"The accident was unfortunate. We have lost a very good student. Both of them were not wearing helmets, otherwise they might have survived. We are not sure whether the accident happened when one of them was trying to overtake another vehicle. The injured student is also in a critical state at the moment,' said Dr V Soundararajan, principal, Hindusthan College of Engineering and Technology, Othakkalmandapam.Some of the college students who had come to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital where post mortem was being conducted on Thursday morning claimed that Vijayaraghavan was trying to overtake an autorickshaw, which was leaving the campus after dropping someone when he rammed Nithin, who was coming from the opposite direction. Chettipalayam police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15177103", "title": "Patna College students gherao principal", "text": "PATNA: The agitating students of Patna College on Thursday gheraoed their principal for a few hours in protest against the recent decision regarding allotment of seats in hostels on the basis of marks.The gherao was lifted only when the PU authorities, including vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh and proctor Kriteshwar Prasad, accompanied by local police officials, reached the spot and granted some temporary relief to the agitating students.The BA Part II and Part III students were allowed to stay in their respective hostels till the pending examination results of the three-year degree courses are announced. But, they will have to leave the hostels and accept the verdict of the college authorities as soon as the results are published, they were told. If they fail to do so, they will be evicted by Patna district administration.Both the VC and the proctor justified the decision of the college principal regarding allotment of hostel accommodation and agreed to extend their full cooperation in its implementation.Patna College principal Lal Keshwar Prasad Singh said it has been decided that only those students who have secured at least 60% marks in the last examination would be allotted seats in the college hostels. It has also been decided by the college that students of one batch will reside in one hostel. While Degree I students will be allotted seats in Nutan Chhatravas, Degree II students will be accommodated in Minto Hostel. Students of Degree III class will be allotted seats in Jackson Hostel. This arrangement has been made to avoid ragging and groupism, said the principal.The principal said he would close the college sine die rather than succumb to the pressure of a handful of rowdy students. The trouble mongers would not be allowed to stay in hostels at any cost, he said.Meanwhile, the college has published the second cutoff list for admission of students to the BA Part I Honours class. Admission on 370 seats out of 600 has already been made from the first cutoff list. Admission from the second cutoff list will be made between July 27 and August 1, said admission in charge Randhir Kumar Singh.has also announced the second cutoff list for general category students. Admission against the remaining seats will be made on July 28 (guaranteed) and July 31 (non-guaranteed). The third cutoff list may be announced on August 1, said principal Arun Kumar Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "rewari", "code": "15178472", "title": "District administration directed to protect Hond Chillar carnage site in Rewari", "text": "REWARI: Taking a serious view of the encroachments, Justice retd TK Garg commission that visited site of carnage in Hond Chillar village in Rewari district on Thursday, directed the district administration to protect the site and maintain status quo at the affect area in the village.The Punjab government had set up the one-member inquiry commission in March 2011 to probe the incident in which 32 Sikhs were reportedly burnt alive and their houses were set afire by a mob during the 1984 anti-Sikh riots in the aftermath of assassination of the then prime minister Indira Gandhi.The carnage site was discovered by a Sikh body, All India Sikh Students Federation last year, about 27 years after the incident took place.Rewari deputy commissioner CG Rajnikanthan informed that that Justice Garg had directed the administration to ensure that the site is no longer tempered as it would be crucial evidence during the inquiry into the incident.A number of surviving members of the affected families were also present on the occasion who narrated the sequence of events of the mob attack and brutal killings of their people by the attackers on November 2, 1984.Ranjit Singh, a Rewari-based advocate, who is counsel on behalf of the victims informed that the Garg commission had come for the physical verification of the carnage site.Swaroop Singh (70), carnage survivor who is living in Rewari recalled that a large number of persons had entered the village in a tempo and a bus and started butchering and setting afire their people.Jastice Garg, a retired high court judge, directed the public works department to assess the loss of property in the village and provide the estimated loss at the current value. The commission is set to frame issue on July 31.Manwinder Singh Giaspur, member of the seven member \"Hond Chillar talmel committee'\"informed that they had demanded to the commission that the many victims were thrown in a well in the village by the mob after killing them and their skeleton remains be extracted out of the well and sent for forensic examination to ascertain how they were killed.Giaspur said that also urged Justice Garg to visit other sites of such carnage in Gurgaon and Pataudi towns where the Sikhs were also killed by the mob during the riots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15176539", "title": "Reduce defence budget, fund toilets: Jairam Ramesh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as his drinking water and sanitation department tied up with DRDO on Thursday to set up bio-digestor toilets in 1,000 village panchayats across the country, Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh could not resist taking a couple of jocular swipes at the huge annual funds allocated to the defence ministry.Just the cost of a single Rafale fighter \u2014 MoD is finalizing the acquisition of 126 of these French jets in the almost $20 billion MMRCA project \u2014 could make 1,000 village panchayats ``free from open-defecation'', said Ramesh.MoD got Rs 1.93 lakh crore allocation this fiscal, while the rural development budget was only Rs 99,000 crore, he added, taking recourse to the long-running \"guns versus bread'' debate.Defence minister A K Antony, triggering guffaws from the audience, retorted that DRDO would certainly provide his ministry with the bio-toilet technology, but it was up to Ramesh to ensure the requisite funding as well as collaboration from state governments, other local bodies and NGOs for installation of the eco-friendly toilets. ``Money provided in the budget for defence is for national security,'' he said.Ramesh quickly clarified that while it was necessary to spend on the country's defence, he only wanted the myriad technologies developed by DRDO to also benefit the society at large. The aim is to make 1,000 panchayats open-defecation free by installing the bio-toilets, originally developed by DRDO for soldiers deployed in high-altitude areas, over the next few years.\"Broadly, in Phase-I, one lakh bio-digestor toilets will be installed in 300 gram panchayats over the next two years at a cost of Rs 150 crore. Phase-II and Phase-III will then follow,'' said Ramesh.Similarly, all existing 50,000 coaches of the Indian Railways \u2014 which is the \"largest open toilet in the world'' with 11 million passengers daily - are likely to be retrofitted with the bio-toilets at a cost of around Rs 500 crore in five years.Minister of state for statistics and programme implementation Srikant Kumar Jena suggested he would bring about amendments in the MPLADS guidelines so that funds can be released to MPs to provide the bio-toilets in their constituencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15174720", "title": "Azam\u2019s \u2018revolt\u2019 forces SP bosses to do quick U-turn", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after he offered to quit as minister, senior Samajwadi Party leader Azam Khan was reinstated as the Meerut in charge on Thursday. Azam, however, denied reports that he had offered to quit after being divested of his Meerut charge and instead raised cane over the leak of his letter to Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav , holding his adversaries in the government responsible for it.Azam's letter hit the headlines on Thursday as it reflected discontent within the SP. Meerut is home town of the SP leader and Azam's adversary, Shahid Manzoor, is the labour minister. It is believed that the Meerut charge was taken away from Azam at Manzoor's behest.Akhilesh dismissed reports of rift in SP saying Azam's was a \"small issue blown out of proportion by the media\". SP boss Mulayam Singh Yadav , too, termed the letter a result of a communication gap. Azam admitted to have written to the CM describing his removal from the post of minister in charge of Meerut as improper.\"The fact that parts of the letter were leaked explains that there are some people who are unhappy with me in the party. I have decided I will do whatever it takes to ensure that the party or the government is not weakened by any act or utterance of mine,\" Azam told TOI. He said his detractors were trying to weaken the government and put the blame on him. \"I am not here to weaken the government as I, too, stand to lose from it,\" he said.Although Azam's reinstatement has closed the latest controversy, the cold war between him and his detractors is far from over. This is not the first time Azam has created awkwardness for the SP. In 2009, he had revolted against then SP leader Amar Singh , refusing to share the stage with him for orchestrating the truce between Mulayam and Kalyan Singh . Later, Azam campaigned against SP candidate Jaya Prada in Rampur, which eventually led to his expulsion from the party.Later, Amar's expulsion paved way for Azam's return to SP and Mulayam went to Rampur to welcome him back. One of the senior most leaders in the party, Azam has been a close ally of Mulayam Singh since the demolition of Babri mosque.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "cotigao", "code": "15176344", "title": "Nature's flying jewels get own park at Cotigao sanctuary", "text": "COTIGAO: The wildlife division of the forest department has developed a 3,500 sq m area at Cotigao's eco-tourism complex at Hatipaul into a park dedicated exclusively to nature's multi-hued flying jewels.Stocked with over 70 host and nectar plant species gathered from across Goa and Maharashtra, the butterfly park is expected to be opened for visitors by September-October this year.Pernem range forest officer and former Cotigao wildlife sanctuary in-charge, Vilas Gawas says, \"In 2011, the then additional principal chief conservator of forests Shashi Kumar assigned us the task of developing the park. Under the guidance of deputy conservator of forests (wildlife and eco-tourism) Sanjay Waradkar and (zoologists) Dr Nitin Sawant and Trupti Jadhav we brought plants from different areas and set up the butterfly park.\"The plants have begun attracting over 85 different butterfly species, including one of the largest in the Indian sub-continent, the Southern Birdwing.With a wingspan of up to 190mm, these butterflies can be seen hovering around the Arestolochia, locally called Sapura, planted in the park.Shirmandoli (Adenia hondala), a creeper used as a vegetable by villagers in the taluka (Canacona), is home to the caterpillars of Tawny Coster, Tamil Lacewing and Clipper. While the plants of lemon and curry-leaf are attracting the Common Mormon and Lime butterflies.Pointing out that butterflies play a vital role in maintaining nature's ecological balance by promoting pollination, Waradkar says, \"We thought of Cotigao for the park because of the space it provides. Once all the works are completed, the park will be opened to the public, say by September or October.\"Narayan Vaigankar, the range forest officer of Cotigao says, \"Patience and the art of stalking are essential for butterfly spotting. The best times to watch butterflies are when they are basking to absorb warmth or are feeding on flowers or are chasing each other.\"Butterfly enthusiast, Siddesh Gawas, who recently visited Cotigao, says, \"For a keen-eyed butterfly spotter, this park will be the ideal place, provided it is maintained well with an intense degree of care and love.\"This is especially because butterflies are affected by the slightest change in environment. If the park is not maintained well, the butterflies will stop breeding or even coming, the resident of Shiroli-Sattari adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15177168", "title": "Four IAC members on fast in Team Anna's support", "text": "PATNA: Four members of India Against Corruption (IAC), Patna unit, are holding a symbolic fast here from Wednesday in support of Anna Hazare's 'anshan and fast' against corruption at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi.The four IAC members - T Upendra, Brajesh Singh, Ramuday Singh and Anand Kumar - are aged between 40 to 50 years.The fast venue, the Kargil Chowk, initially got an objection from the office of the Patna district administration due to the Kargil Day march on July 26. Later, the clouds were cleared and Anna supporters were allowed to continue with their scheduled programme.\"Four members of the Patna chapter of IAC will continue their fast in accordance with 'anshan and fast' being observed at Jantar Mantar, Delhi,\" said an IAC Bihar member Dr Ratnesh Chandra.Bihar IAC's media in charge Sanjay Dutta said, \"All members and activists of Bihar IAC are visiting the 'anshan' venue. Everyday around hundreds of IAC supporters are visiting the venue.\" He added that the IAC supporters from other parts of the state are also visiting the venue.\"Mostly students, housewives and business class people take interest in our movements. Though these awareness programmes demand ample time which service holders are unable to give, still we have a moderate number of supporters who are service holders,\" Dutta said.Dutta accepted that small towns like Patna always undergo fund crisis. \"Even if we take donations against a printed bill, the complexities of credit-debit occur. So, we prefer help through sponsorship basis,\" he added.The IAC has become tech savvy too. It has ensured that the members of IAC are regularly updated about any development regarding its activities. The IAC had come up with special SMS-cards. Anna card worth Rs 25 was launched a couple of months back in Patna to update the members through SMS. The users have to get registered to a particular number and they will get a year-long service from IAC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15175005", "title": "Ex-Lokayukta says SC judge 'communal'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A former Gujarat high court judge and former Gujarat Lokayukta, justice S M Soni has requested the Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia not to place Gujarat's cases before justice Aftab Alam.The president of an NGO - Justice on Trial, retired justice Soni has requested to keep the SC judge away from politically sensitive cases from Gujarat after accusing him of having a \"communal mindset\".Citing a lecture delivered by justice Alam on 'The Idea of Secularism and Supreme Court of India' in 2009 in London , justice Soni claimed that the SC judge had certain preconceived notions which defeats the purpose of justice.\"It is palpably visible that almost every politically sensitive matter relating to Gujarat is coming before the bench where one of the judge is justice Alam and every judgment delivered by him ...is repeatedly and consistently found in favour of minority community...Even the disparaging remarks made in the open court reveal an apparent bias,\" the letter dashed off to the CJI stated.The judge has also requested the CJI to treat the letter as a PIL and not to place any criminal matter before the judge.The letter states, \"The general feeling carried amongst legal fraternity and amongst the people at large in Gujarat is that Gujarat is being targeted by justice Alam with a single mandate of siding minority community irrespective of theirs being wrong. This apprehension hits at the heart of the justice.\"Justice Soni highlights incidents like complaints made before him by Rais Khan, the former aide of social activist Teesta Setalvad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15175443", "title": "Not encouraging prostitution: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: A year after trying to provide a dignified life to sex workers, the Supreme Court on Thursday said its orders should not be construed as an encouragement to prostitution.The clarification came from a bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and Gyan Sudha Mishra after additional solicitor general P P Malhotra drew the court's attention to its July 19 order in which it had sought suggestions from the SC-constituted panel on creating \"conditions conducive for sex workers who wish to continue working as sex workers with dignity\".Malhotra said there was a danger of the order being construed as an incentive to indulge in an activity that had been termed as an offence under the Immoral Traffic Prevention Act, 1956.The Judges on the bench passed separate orders, but both meant to clarify that the panel would recommend steps to create \"conditions conducive for sex workers to live with dignity as per provisions of the Constitution Article 21\".Justice Kabir added a precautionary clarification \u2014 \"The above modification should not be construed to mean any attempt made to encourage prostitution.\"But, Justice Mishra said, \"I prefer to add...sex workers have a right to live with dignity but the collective endeavour must be on part of the sex workers to give up the trade in case they are given alternate platform.\"The panel chairman and senior advocate Pradip Ghosh along with member and senior advocate Jayant Bhushan said the clarification in its terms of reference was redundant as it concentrated only on ways and means for rehabilitation of sex workers. The bench asked the panel to present its recommendations on August 22.Though the bench clarified its July 19 order, Justice Kabir said: \"It is all very good for your (government's) policy to say prevent prostitution but will you provide to fill their stomach. Even a prostitute has a right to live with dignity.\"But Justice Mishra, who was part of the bench with Justice Markandey Katju when it commenced hearing on the issue, clarified, \"We started hearing this case to provide suitable alternative to those who joined the profession under compulsion. Our effort was never intended for those who want to carry on this trade.\"On February 14 last year, Justices Katju and Mishra had said: \"We strongly feel that the Central and state governments should prepare schemes for rehabilitation all over the country for physically and sexually abused women, commonly known as prostitutes, as we are of the view that prostitutes also have a right to live with dignity under Article 21 of the Constitution since they are also human beings and their problems also need to be addressed.\"The Union health ministry says there are 688,751 \"registered\" sex workers, while NACO estimates their population to be 12.63 lakh. Andhra Pradesh leads the list with more than one lakh registered female sex workers, while Karnataka has 79,000, followed by Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra and West Bengal. Among the metros, Delhi tops the list with 37,900 sex workers.The Centre's application also sought removal of NGO Durbar Mahila Samanwaya Samiti from the Court-appointed panel alleging that it advocated abolition certain provisions of the Immoral Traffic Prohibition Act. The bench rejected the plea saying such an organization, which understood the plight of sex workers, was needed as a \"sounding board\" for the panel searching for rehabilitation schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15177245", "title": "Turkish delight in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: For the first time, residents will get to experience Turkish food, thanks to a 10-day food festival at the middle-eastern restaurant in Aloft Hotel which began on Thursday. The gourmet event promises authentic traditional food varieties of Turkey, the capital of Istanbul. Lamb and chicken feature liberally, in several of the 30 dishes that residents will be able to enjoy.The main attraction is the eight traditional kebab varieties flavoured with special herbs, nuts and spices that have been sourced all the way from Turkey. \"Istanbul is emerging as one of the most sought after tourist locations in the world. So there is an increasing curiosity among residents about Turkey and its food culture. It is in this context that we are organizing this food festival,'' said Thirupathi Balaji, executive chef of the hotel.It was during his long stint in Dubai, Balaji came in contact with chefs from Lebanon and Turkey. They taught him the best of Istanbul. A native of Madurai, it is the first dedicated Turkey food festival that Balaji conducted. It took me about five months to learn the recipes of Istanbul and be completely confident of my culinary skills. Now I feel delighted because of the huge response to the festival. Most varieties are spicy and cater to local taste,'' he said.The connoisseur can begin the feast with Manthar Korbasi (a soup with mushroom and chicken). Special shawarma and four varieties of kebabs will follow the soup. The main course with Pita Bread and zamia rice is also supplemented with kebabs and baked fish.Istanbul food is fresh and organic. Olive oil and cheese are used liberally with lot of herbs and spices. They will definitely tickle your palettes,'' Balaji says. The hotel is planning to conduct more Mediterranean and middle-eastern food festivals in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15173718", "title": "NCP, Congress tiff in Thane continues", "text": "THANE: The NCP and the Congress are locked in a power struggle over their hold in the Thane civic body.The relations between the alliance partners soured soon after the civic polls held in February when the Congress wrested the post of leader of the opposition following a political understanding with the ruling saffron combine.The tally of the Sena-BJP and the Independents add up to 65, while the NCP-Congress-MNS also have the same strengthin the civic body. The Sena and the Congress had sought to seal an arrangement whereby the Congress secured the post of leader of the opposition.NCP functionaries challenged the decision in the high court and which subsequently declared it as null and void. On Thursday, the functionaries of both parties held a joint meeting to sort out differences and decide on the power-sharing formula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15177114", "title": "CBI arrests bankerfor Rs 50K bribe", "text": "PATNA: A CBI team on Thursday caught Samastipur-based Kshetriya Gramin Bank branch manager Shiv Kumar red-handed when he was entering the bank after accepting a bribe of Rs 50,000 from a complainant, Laxmi Sah, a resident of Samastipur.CBI SP B K Singh said a loan of Rs 4.30 lakh under the Pradhan Mantri Rojgar Yojana was sanctioned to Sah for setting up an oil mill. But the branch manager was demanding Rs 70,000 for withdrawal of the loan amount. Sah lodged a complaint with the CBI on July 23, he said.Singh said a CBI team verified the allegation and laid a trap on Thursday. The complainant reached the bank and the branch manager gave him Rs 1 lakh and came out of the bank with him. Kumar gave the complainant an envelope and asked him to put Rs 70,000 into it.The CBI SP said the complainant put only Rs 50,000 in the envelope and handed it over to the branch manager, saying he had put Rs 70,000 into it. He said as the branch manager was entering the bank, the CBI team arrested him and recovered the bribe amount from his possession. The branch manager's house, which is located at Gola Road, Muzaffarpur, was also searched but nothing was found from there, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15190128", "title": "CBI registers case against former IGNOU VC", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI has registered a case of alleged graft against former vice-chancellor of Indira Gandhi National Open University for permitting two varsities to run distance learning courses in violation of norms.Soon after registering the case against Rajshekharan Pillai, the agency today carried out searches at his premises in Trivandrum and Kottayam.The CBI has alleged that Pillai during his tenure as VC of IGNOU allowed Sikkim Manipal University and Punjab Technical University to run distance learning courses in violation of laid down procedures, sources said.They said Pillai has been booked under charges of Prevention of Corruption Act, abuse of official position and criminal conspiracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15179197", "title": "Assembly rejects Unesco tag", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as Speaker KG Bopaiah offered to resign from the post, the assembly unanimously resolved to reject Unesco's heritage tag for Western Ghats.In an argument with Congress leader TB Jayachandra during the discussion on heritage tag, Bopaiah said his district was more important then the position he was occupying and he was ready to leave the post for the sake of protecting Malnad from getting Unesco's heritage tag. \"If you (Jayachandra) want, you can have this status, but we don't need such anti-people tags for Malnad. I am ready to sacrifice this chair as my district is bigger than anything else for me,\" Speaker told on Thursday. His statement came after Jayachandra asked Bopaiah to view the state as whole and restrict himself to his district.H Halappa (BJP) said locals were not taken into confidence before announcing the heritage tag and added the state does not need any financial assistance from Unesco.Supporting him, MLAs representing Western Ghats cutting across party lines, demanded that the state government outrightly reject the status given by the Unesco as the locals would be deprived of rights in the forest. They accused NGOs of bribing Unesco to award world heritage tag to western ghats to fulfill their agenda.Attacking forest department, Gopal Bhandary (Cong) said stringent forest acts have created a fear among the people of Western Ghats and demanded to relax the laws so that roads are widened and help people living there.MP Kumaraswamy (BJP) went to the extent of accusing that trees planted by the forest department were not even usable by birds. \"No bird will nest in the trees planted by the department,\" he said. He also accused Unesco as a government that rules the state in the guise of a heritage tag.Kimmane Rathnakar (Cong) taunted government stating that former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa failed to convince forest department to build Kodachadri Road. \"Yeddyurappa despite having forest portfolio couldn't get the road constructed during his three and half year term,\" he said. Ratnakar added that local are being harassed for picking up firewood, but no action was initiated against the superintendent of police (SP), at whose house loads of rose wood was found.Forest minister CP Yogeshwar said the government has already written to the Centre to decline heritage tag to Western Ghats. He said he will lead a delegation to New Delhi to impress the Centre and dismiss the suggestion. \"There is no official communication from either Centre or from Unesco about the heritage status,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15172856", "title": "For this singer, language not a hurdle to win hearts", "text": "INDORE: For an artist, language is not a barrier to perform and conquer heights. Proving this point, Varsha Jhalani, a non-Marathi singer, on Thursday enthralled many music lovers when she sang the famous Marathi melodies at Rajendra Mathur Sabhagruha press club here.A musical programme 'Mogra Fullala' dedicated to the Maharashtrians based on Bhavgeet, Natyageet and Lavni was performed by well known TV artist Varsha, who has made her mark through her performances in 24 TV reality shows till date.\"My performance on Thursday was part of the musical series \"Tumko Hamari Umar Lag Jaye\" dedicated to Lata Mangeshkar and I have been performing it in many cities of Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra\" said Varsha. She was accompanied by famous singers Sonali Ranade and Vrinda Mule.Varsha said, \"I am not a Maharashtrian but my love for Lata Mangeshkar prompted me to learn Marathi and sing songs in the language she loves. I share a strong bond with this language and due to this, I initiated this programme.\"Many famous songs like Tukaram's 'Sundar te dhyan ithe vitevari' and 'Aga Karuna Kara' were sung and many different Bhavgeet and Natyageet like 'De mal age chandrika priti tujhi' and 'Jeevanat hi ghadi aasich rahude' were sung by Varsha.Some of the popular instrument artists like Vijay Gavde (harmonium), Deepesh Jain (synthesizer), Hemendra Mahavar (tabla), Nitesh Shetty (guitar), Kapil Rathore (octopad) and Amol Karkhanis (dholak) are part of Varsha's musical troop. On this occasion musical virtuoso of the Maharashtrian community, 82-year-old Suman Tai Dandekar was honoured with 'Wwar vibhuti samman' by Sargam organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15172385", "title": "Potholed roads making ride unsafe", "text": "BHOPAL: The onset of monsoon has added to commuters' woes in Bhopal . Uneven roads, potholes, broken speed-breakers and out-of-order streetlights on the major roads of the city have made ride on two- wheeler unsafe.\"There are at least 25 small and big potholes on the road stretching from Polytechnic Square to Kamla Park, despite the fact that the road was reconstructed recently,\" R K Mishra, a resident of Shyamla Hills said: \"The situation gets worse during the night,\" he added.There are potholes on many other roads of the city, especially the newly constructed ones. \"There is a big deep pothole in front of Jyoti Talkies signal on the road stretching from Chetak bridge to the Board Office,\" Amit Mathur and Saurabh Shrivastava complained. \"This is dangerous for any one on a two-wheeler,\" they said.Speaking to TOI on this issue, BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said, \"Even we have received many complaints of potholes and broken speed-breakers from various parts of the city. To get over this, we have appointed a squad of assistant engineers which is roaming in the city all through the day, inspecting and fixing the pot holes. The residents will soon be relieved from this problem.\"Non-functional street lights in many parts of the city are a common sight, especially during the monsoon. \"Street light doesn't function in certain parts of link road No.1. The road stretch between PCC office and the Board Office is dark with no street-lights here,\" said Shweta Singh, a resident of Shivaji Nagar.Residents of a Arera Colony and Shahpura also complain about a large number of road patches where the street-lights are not functioning.\"There are broken speed breakers on almost every road connecting the link roads which are very dangerous for two-wheelers,\" Soumya Dixit, a resident of New Market, said. \"The yellow and black sleek fibre speed breakers become slippery during rains. I have slipped twice due to these slippery speed-breakers near the Upper Lake,\" she added.A resident of Piplani, Sadhna Lal died of a head injury about 10 days back when she was returning home with her husband on a two-wheeler. The family says the accident took place after the vehicle slipped due to a broken fibre speed-breaker in this area.\"After the rains, we are installing more of these speed-breakers on the BRTS corridor across the city,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said. \"They are ordered under the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor,\" he added.Expert ViewWhat causes pot hole?Traffic and transport engineer, MANIT, Siddharth Rokde, said, \"Pot holes are mainly caused due to accumulation of water on roads. The city roads lack a proper drainage system. As per rules, there should be at least 2% bend on the roads so that water can easily go to the drains. Even on roads with bend, there are no proper drains that can prevent water-logging on roads.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15172440", "title": "Former army chief V K Singh keen on finishing PhD soon", "text": "BHOPAL: After battling controversy over age, former army chief V K Singh is now planning to complete his unfinished PhD at the earliest.Confirming the visit of former chief of army staff, his guide Prof Kailash Tyagi said he is keen on completing his PhD in the stipulated time.\"I met him a few days ago in New Delhi. He will be coming next month to start the research work,\" Prof Tyagi claimed, adding though the former army general would have about four years of time to finish the task, he wants to finish it as soon as possible.Hailing Singh's approach towards the seriousness about the degree, Prof Tyagi said: \"Singh's first reaction when I met him for first time after his retirement was very interesting. He said he wants to complete the PhD as early as possible.\"Former army chief General V K Singh had enrolled himself as a PhD student at Barkatullah University in Bhopal in 2010. About the controversies of his age before the retirement, Tyagi said: \"The controversies didn't affect him at all. He is sincere and hard working.\"Singh had enrolled for a doctorate degree in military sciences on \"Geo-strategy of Wakhan\" (an Afghan territory sandwiched between China, Pakistan and Afghanistan ) under Prof Tyagi.Gen Singh is Prof Tyagi's 25th research scholar of his career. And he thinks the army chief is different from his previous 24 researchers.\"He has a solid reason to carry out research on the subject that has security implications for us,\" he said.The professor describes the General as extra-ordinarily brilliant, attentive and down-to-earth. \"We share a normal teacher-student relationship,\" Prof Tyagi said.A PG degree holder in military sciences from the Defence Services Staff College, Wellington (Chennai), Gen Singh had appeared before the university's research degree committee - comprising vice-chancellor Prof Nisha Dube, dean of the faculty of social sciences, chairman of the board of studies and other subject experts at Barkatullah University in May 2010.For the record, the army chief is a graduate of the US Army Infantry School and studied at the US Army War College in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, as well as the Rangers Course at Fort Benning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15175532", "title": "HC tells fire department to inspect high-rises", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Thursday asked AMC's chief fire officer to conduct a random survey daily of the 908 high-rises in the city to inspect what fire safety measures they have, and report to the court in three weeks.These 908 buildings do not have 'No Objection Certificates' (NOCs) from the fire department. Of the total of 1,232 high-rises, 25 buildings are old ones and do not have fire safety systems installed at all. But 908 buildings do not have the certification which mandatorily be obtained from a committee which includes the chief fire officer.During the hearing on a PIL, the petitioner's counsel Amit Panchal submitted that the buildings that do not have NOCs from the fire department are required to be inspected, and necessary measures should be taken in this regard. The chief fire officer M F Dastoor said he would inspect five buildings everyday to see whether fire safety systems exist in them. He is also expected to look into the issue of renewal of NOCs.Besides, the high court directed the state government to form a committee to study and suggest legislation for fire safety. The state urban development department issued a circular to form a committee comprising the chief fire officers of cities which is to be headed by the AMC commissioner. This committee will come up with suggestions on what rules should be made to make people adopt measures to prevent fire accidents after three months.On July 2, 2001, a division bench of the high court had issued directions in this regard. When the directions were not complied with, a PIL came to be filed a couple of years ago and the court took up the issue once again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15175886", "title": "Mapusa MLA to head task force for town", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has reconstituted the task force for Mapusa with urban development minister and Mapusa MLA Francisco D'Souza as its chairman. The task force is supposed to draw up a comprehensive plan for the development of the town.The 19-member force comprises representatives of the civil society, professionals and various organizations. \"The idea is to propose short-term and long-term measures, especially to take up the proposal of a new bus stand and other projects,\" a source said.The present bus stand is inadequate to cope with the growing requirements. Though it is located on the edge of the town, the movement of buses is difficult along the narrow roads and congested traffic.\"Construction of a new bus stand is on the anvil and 20,000sq m of land is already acquired for the purpose,\" the source added.The task force will deliberate on modalities to build a cultural centre, Kala Mandir, for Bardez, new roads, bridges, paths and gardens with recreational facilities. A proposal for a Bodgeshwar Plaza and other projects will also be considered.The task force is empowered to requisition the services of other government authorities and officials to fulfill its objectives and all heads of government departments have been requested to cooperate and provide assistance. The committee also comprises the chairperson of the Mapusa Municipal Council, office bearers of Mapusa, Cunchelim and Khorlim comunidades, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "rewari", "code": "15178336", "title": "Rewari farmers call off stir after accord with govt", "text": "REWARI: The farmers, who were protesting against move to acquire their land had decided to call off agitation against the state government following an agreement by them during two rounds of talks with the senior functionaries of the government on Wednesday.Talking to the TOI, the Bhumi Adhgrahan Virodhi Sangarsh Samiti president, Ram Kishan Mahelwal said the state government too had also decided to stay the proceedings to acquire over 3,500 acres of land in 16 village of Rewari along the NH-8.Villagers opposing land acquisition had on Sunday clashed with police, torched several vehicles and blocked Delhi-Jaipur national highway, as cops open fine on a mob at village Asalwas in Rewari. Over 60 people, including 40 policemen, were injured as protesters, who were opposing acquisition of 3,300 acres of land for setting up an industrial estate by HSIIDC, turned violent during a mahapanchayat, 90 km from Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15176064", "title": "BJP govt slammed for 'neglecting' Hospicio hospital", "text": "MARGAO: Former Margao unicipal councilor Ramdas Hazare came down heavily on the BJP government for neglecting the district hospital, Hospicio, in Margao and failing to ensure that basic upkeep of the hospital is maintained and the grievances of the public were not being addressed.Hazare has given the government a 15 days ultimatum to address his three main demands including that the elevator to the ICU wing be made operational; that there be better facilities for visitors and that no stray dogs be found in the passage ways in the hospital.While addressing mediapersons on Thursday, the former MGP contestant from Fatorda accused both the chief minister Manohar Parrikar and health minister Laxmikant Parsekar of failing to improve the conditions at the hospital. He further pointed out that the mere fact that Parsekar visited the hospital once since the government was elected and that too after receiving criticism in the media, reflected Parsekar's apathy to their grievances.\"People from faraway places from across South Goa visit this hospital and after travelling so much they deserve a clean, well maintained and fully functioning hospital,\" said Hazare.He said that two days ago, a patient had trouble being shifted to the ICU wing as the lift was not operational and demanded that staff to operate the elevator be hired on a contract basis.He added that there were poor facilities for visitors as even the chairs available in the waiting room were insufficient and that the presence of stray dogs in the premises of the hospital was unhygienic. Hazare demanded that a committee be set up to monitor the maintenance of the hospital and to address the grievances of the public.Hazare gave a 15-day ultimatum \"if his demands are not met he will carry out a dharna in front of the hopital\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15170608", "title": "Court wants special cell to probe Indu case", "text": "KOCHI: The investigating officer, probing the death of research scholar K Indu, should be changed in the interest of justice, Kerala high court held on Thursday.Considering a petition by Indu's father K K Krishnan Nair seeking speedy and proper investigation, Justice S S Satheesachandran ordered the director general of police to constitute a special team headed by a deputy inspector general to continue the investigation.The court also directed police to inform the progress in the case within three months.Indu, a 25-year-old research scholar went missing from a Kozhikode-bound night train and was later found dead in Periyar in April last year. A native of Kumarapuram in Thiruvananthapuram, she was doing research at National Institute of Technology, Calicut. She went missing from Thiruvananthapuram-Mangalore Express train on the night of April 24th, a Sunday. She was reported missing on Monday morning by her friend, K Subash, who is an assistant professor at the same institute, she was doing research.Subsequent investigation by police had hinted at the possibility of Indu being in love with Subash and that she might have committed suicide as her marriage was scheduled on May 16th with another man, Abhishek from Kottarakkara.Continuation of the investigation under the present investigating officer will not be conducive to justice, the court held, along with pointing out that the investigating officer concluded in the midst of the investigation that the death is a case of suicide.On July 6, the court had asked the investigating officer to produce the case diary of the investigation. After perusing the case diary, the court noted in the judgment that the officer hasn't probed whether anybody abetted suicide, even if it's a suicide, and whether Subhash trapped or ensnared Indu.The contents of laptop, mobile phone, and pen drives of Indu and Subhash haven't been scrutinized to see whether any blackmailing was carried out, the court observed.Indu's father approached the high court in November last year alleging that the present investigation is leading towards the death being pictured as a suicide and is failing in bringing out the truth behind the incident. He alleged in the petition that the investigation by crime branch wing has excluded Subash even after getting evidence that he was closer to Indu more than as a friend. The father of the deceased scholar is seeking a court-monitored investigation as well as a speedy probe into the mysterious death of his daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15171547", "title": "Crucial inputs from boy led to gang", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigations into 20-year-old Shivam Kapoor's murder have revealed how meticulously the kidnapping was planned. Cops are grateful to an 11-year-old child who provided them with important information on the sequence of events. \"Since the body was disposed around 3.30am, we were not sure whether we would encounter any witnesses. The boy, however, recalled seeing a White car with two people (Abhey and Mahima Diwan) seated in front, and two (Jatin and Runeet Gulati) at the back with the dead body. He also gave us details regarding the attempt made to set the body on fire,\" said an investigating officer from Maurya Enclave.\"After being questioned, Abhey told us that he had bought the pistol and several rounds of ammunitions from a criminal for Rs 50,000. He had also befriended a chemist whom he questioned for hours to get information on the sedatives. He bought the syringe and compound after considering several options,\" added the officer. Abhey had kept Jatin as a back up. The initial plan was to take Shivam to Jatin's house in Faridabad once the ransom call was made but when Abhey realized that Shivam had died, he drove all the way to Faridabad to get Jatin to help him dispose the body. Though the plan to dispose the body was hatched by Mahima, she got out of the car and walked off when Jatin shot Shivam on his head the second time,\" added the officer.Officers said that Runeet, Shivam's friend, belongs to a middle-class family from Malkaganj. His father, an alcoholic, used to work as a supervisor in a chemical shop in Sadar Bazar. \"His father had developed a serious liver disease that confined him to the house for eight years. Runeet's mother, who runs a parlour in Malkaganj, made ends meet. Runeet faired poorly in his Class 12 exams and thus he did not get admission anywhere in Delhi. As a result, his mother took a loan to get him admitted to an institute in Bangalore. He needed money to repay the loan. He had a friend by the name of Rahul in Malkaganj and through him he came in touch with Jatin. Through Jatin he met the rest of the co-accused Abhey and his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/sambalpur", "code": "15178475", "title": "Forest officer from Odisha held in US", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/SAMBALPUR: A senior Indian Forest Service officer from Odisha, Surendra Prasad Mohapatra, has been arrested in the US for alleged wrongful confinement of a female employee of the hotel where he was staying, according to reports reaching the state on Thursday.Mohapatra, the regional chief conservator of forests, Sambalpur, was on a mid-career training programme to Syracuse University , New York, along with batch of over 30 other officers. Reports said 52-year-old Mohapatra, a 1986 batch IFS officer, was having problems with the Internet connection in his hotel room and had sought help from the hotel staff. \"My husband told me that the woman could not fix the problem and he told her something in an irritated manner. The woman apparently lodged a complaint and police have arrested him,\" the officer's wife Seema said.Seema said she believed that the allegations against her husband were \"false\". \"My husband is short-tempered but is a strict officer. He would not misbehave or do anything wrong to anyone,\" she added.Course coordinator of the training programme Direndra Bharghava, who was staying on the same floor as Mohapatra, told a news channel that Mohapatra was an \"old man\" and a \"thorough gentleman\".Describing the development as \"unfortunate\", forest minister D P Mishra said senior officers of his department were finding out details about the incident, which has taken the officialdom here by shock. \"The Indian embassy in the US has been informed about the development. The Union ministry of environment and forests is also looking into the case,\" principal chief conservator of forests P N Padhi said, adding, \"We are unable to directly speak to Mohapatra due to restrictions put by Pennsylvania police.\"Sources said Mohapatra left for the US on July 7 for the training programme. \"We feel police has falsely implicated him. There might be some serious misunderstanding,\" maintained S C Khuntia, a forest officer. Another senior forest officer said Mohapatra told him over phone that he had not committed any wrong except asking the woman to fix the Internet problem.\"When she wanted to go out without fixing the problem, Mohapatra said he asked her to go only after rectifying the problem,\" the officer said with requesting anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15173022", "title": "IIT-Indore gets nod to operate from IET premises till 2015 end", "text": "INDORE: In a major relief to the Indian Institute of Technology, Indore (IIT-I), the executive council of DAVV gave its nod to the institute to continue its functioning from the rented premises of IET till end-2015.The first executive council (EC) meeting held under the chairmanship of new vice-chancellor remained peaceful and the body took some decisions in favour of the varsity and its students. The EC members gave clearance to PhD and M Phil ordinance, which had been pending since long. With this, notification for entrance examination is likely to be announced next month, said sources.The DAVV executive council allowed IIT-I to function from the rented premises of IET till the end of 2015. The decision was taken after the varsity received a letter from secretary of state higher education department regarding the extension to IIT-I to operate from IET for another three years.Students and faculties of the varsity has a reason to smile as the executive body gave its consent for inking a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) facilitating the internship, workshops, projects and faculty development purpose of the DAVV students.The varsity, which expressed the desire of outsourcing the results-related works in its previous meetings, was also discussed on Thursday. The executive body members said that decision was taken on the recommendations of the committee, which would be constituted soon by the vice-chancellor.The delay in carrying out the task given to Wipro for making varsity paperless was also taken up by the executive body's meeting. The members have once again issued a warning letter to the Wipro to act or necessary action will be taken against it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15172509", "title": "St Theresa fee issue: Parents up the ante", "text": "BHOPAL: The ongoing fee controversy at St Theresa Girls' School is getting bad to worse. On Thursday, parents alleged misconduct by the teachers and principal Sr Rosy who refused to provide a copy of a crucial document. According to the school authority, the document states that fee should be paid for 12 months rather than just 10 months.Sanjeev Raj, one of the parents talking to TOI said, \"The teachers behaved very rudely with parents and even threatened to stop teaching in case the parents continue with the agitation. They did not even allow video-recording of today's meeting, even when DEO himself had no problem when the parents went to meet him yesterday.\"Another parent Hardayal Singh Kushwaha said, \"When we reached the school at 10.30 am, some teachers said some 50 guardians are already in the auditorium and that they can allow only 10 more. After much effort, they let us inside.\"The parents alleged that Sr Rosy had stated that the school possesses a letter from DEO stating that fee should be collected for 12 months. \"However, when we asked for a copy, she flatly refused,\" they said.Kushwaha said, \"We could not reach any consensus as the school management committee was not co-operative. We plan to meet DEO, who has assured us justice, on Friday at his office. We have also filed a petition with the collector today.\"He also mentioned about Apoorva Deshpande, a Class VI student, who is being harassed by the teachers repeatedly, while calling her parents names. \"Her father today said if his ward is mentally tortured again, he would consume poison on the school premises,\" Kushwaha added.The parents also alleged that parents are being individually called by school and are being promised concessions if they do not participate in the agitation.Raj also said a complaint would be registered against the teachers in the police station and they would also approach the state commission for protection of child rights (SCPCR).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15180195", "title": "Two new children's homes soon", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana government will set up two children's homes and an observation home in the state to ensure rehabilitation of children and the juveniles in conflict with law.Two new children's homes for both boys and girls would be set up in Bal Bhawan, Rohtak and Hansi in Hisar respectively while an observation home would be set up in Karnal. The state has released Rs 37 lakh for construction of the children home in Rohtak, the first of its kind in the district.It will have a capacity of 50 inmates and would also function as a shelter home under the provisions of the the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection) Act, 2000. The children home, to be set up in Hisar district and observation home in Karnal will have capacity of 50 inmates each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15177956", "title": "Mecon registers highest turnover", "text": "RANCHI: Expert in engineering consultancy, Mecon limited has registered highest-ever turn- over of Rs.643.83 crore in the financial year 2011-12.Dividend thus generated of Rs 10.98 crore was handed over to the ministry of steel on behalf of the company at New Delhi on Thursday.Chairman cum managing director, Mecon KK Mehrotra handed over the sum to union steel minister Beni Prasad Verma in presence of secretary to government of India in the department of steel DRS Choudhary, chairman steel authority of India limited (SAIL) CS Verma and other officials of the ministry of steel. Not only in terms of annual turnover Mecon has achieved highest ever profit margin this financial year.Corporate communication incharge at Mecon, Rana Chakravorty said that company's profit before tax increased by 43% to reach Rs.201.54 crore as against Rs 140.93 crore of the previous financial year. \"The profit after tax deduction has also increased by 45.56% as the profit for 2011-12 has been estimated as Rs136.36 crore as against Rs.93.68 crore of previous year,\" he said.Chakravorty said that after a long gap of 13 years, the Company has declared 20% dividend on Equity Share Capital which amounts to Rs 8.03 crores. In addition, the Company is also paying 5% dividend on Preference Share Capital which amount Rs.2.95 crores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15174954", "title": "Agriculture production commissioner concerned over low cash-credit ratio", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP agriculture production commissioner (APC) Alok Ranjan, while expressing concern over low cash-credit ratio in 11 eastern UP districts has directed respective DMs to prepare district credit improvement plan, so that small entrepreneurs, cattle breeders, marginal farmers, provision store owners and patta farmers could benefit from bank lending.The APC has in a government order in this regard on Thursday, said that cash-credit ratio in Mau, Azamgarh, Chandauli, Jaunpur, Ghazipur, Auraiya, Balia, Deoria, Pratapgarh, Allahabad and Sultanpur districts of eastern UP is only between 18-30%, which is very low in the face of RBI guidelines.APC said that mean cash-credit ratio of the state is also low, as it is only 48% in comparison to 60% as per RBI guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15174949", "title": "Thieves decamp with jewellery worth Rs 73.90 lakh from CG Road shop", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two daring thieves set city police officials a challenge on Thursday by coolly stealing gold, silver and diamond jewellery worth Rs 73.90 lakh from a showroom on C G Road. The theft occurred from what is considered the business district of the city, in the morning, in the presence of passers-by. Police have begun a search for the duo on the basis of CCTV grabs from another shop, which was burgled near Panchvati.According to Navrangpura police officials, Ketan Shah, 45, a resident of Jawaharnagar, Paldi Bhattha, received a call at 7.10 am about an intrusion in his shop from the digital surveillance system agency which had installed surveillance equipment at his showroom, Shrungar Jewellers. Shah immediately started off for the showroom, located on the first floor of Ratnam Complex on CG Road and reached the spot at 7.30 am.\"He found locks on the shutters cut and the shutters raised to allow entry to the shop. Inside, he found valuables and articles including expensive gifts stolen. He immediately informed city police control room and Navrangpura police about the incident. We cordoned off the area and roped in forensic experts to get fingerprints and other clues from the spot,\" said M B Nakum, inspector of Navrangpura police station.Investigators said that after two hours of stock-taking, Shah told them that gold earrings, bracelets, chains, diamond jewellery sets and expensive gift articles such as idols, diamond-studded pens, watches and Rs 1.91 lakh in cash, altogether worth Rs 73.90 lakh, had been stolen.\"When we questioned the watchman and others present in the morning, they said that they had seen two men near the shop. Dashrathsingh Yadav, the watchman, at 6.45 am even asked who they were and they identified themselves as shutter repairmen. The duo gave a sweeper a similar answer at 7.10 am. According to their statements, the duo left the spot with two big bags in a white car,\" said police officials.B R Patel, assistant commissioner of police, B Division, said that they have formed a team to investigate the string of thefts from C G Road and nearby areas, which are suspected to have been committed by the same duo. \"We showed CCTV grabs from other thefts to the watchman and he positively identified them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15172855", "title": "Medical students go on rampage, fuel pumps dry in Udaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: All petrol pumps in Udaipur remained closed from Thursday evening after some MBBS students allegedly vandalized one of the pumps at Chetak Circle late on Wednesday.A group of MBBS students attacked Aapaji's petrol pump around 11pm and injured a pump worker badly. The CCTVs installed at the pump grabbed the footage of the students vandalizing and beating up the petrol pump employees.Following the incident, petrol pump owners lodged an FIR with Hathi Pole police station under IPC sections 323, 143 and 427. Police are now investigating the matter. The pump owners demanded that police arrest the attackers immediately and decided to go on strike till Friday morning.The incident happened when a medical student allegedly hit the bike of a petrol pump employee while entering the petrol pump premises. The bike fell down. Following which the petrol pump worker and the students involved in argument, which led to minor scuffle and the spectacle of the student got broken, the sources said.Petrol pump owner Hetal Amin said, \"After the incident both the parties compromised as the petrol pump employee paid Rs1,000 to the student for loss of spectacle. But, after that around 8 students came inside the petrol pump with iron rods and wooden rods and attacked the petrol pump. They damaged the petrol pump machines.\"Circle inspector of the area, Goverdhan Lal said, \"Even though both the MBBS students returned after compromise, they again came back along with some eight other students and vandalized the petrol pump and beaten the employees there. We have lodged FIR against the student under 323, 143 and 427 IPC and investigating into the matter. The students belong to RNT medical college. With the help of the footage of CCTVs and after indentifying them we will arrest the students.\"The petrol pump owner claimed that one employee Prem Chand sustained head injuries and got three stitches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15180651", "title": "Versova siblings\u2019 parents in Oman", "text": "MUMBAI: The death of siblings Rameez (26 ) and Rehab Chougle (27) has acquired a murkier shade. Even as the police are trying to locate the siblings' parents Farzana and Gayasuddin, missing from home since at least four days, TOI traced the couple to Muscat in Oman , where the family owns a home.The Chougles affirmed they have moved to the Gulf and have no immediate plans to return to Mumbai. \"We are based in Muscat since three decades and had come to Mumbai only for our children's higher education. Moreover , I had sought leave for a period of eight days , which turned to 18. I had to return to work ,\" said Gayasuddin , who is a marketing manager with Capital Insurance Services in Oman.Farzana wondered how she could live alone in the house where her children had died. \"I am suffering immense stress and high blood pressure. My husband has brought me here because I cannot possibly stay alone in this condition ,\" she said . \"Now that the month of Ramzan has begun our relatives are all busy with their own lives. There was nobody to care for me all 24 hours.\"Recalling the events of July 3-4 , Farzana said her children returned home after pest control treatment had been carried out. \"I arrived home after a Lions Club meeting and heated some 'kanda poha' and French toast that I had prepared that morning in the microwave oven . We all ate together so if there was anything in the food it would have affected me as well,\" she said.In an earlier interview to TOI, Gayasuddin had said his wife was home and had been preparing food in the kitchen all evening , which is how she escaped the \"ill-effects of pest control\" . Her room had been fumigated as well. When asked why they had not informed the police or friends and relatives about their decision to shift to the Gulf, Gayasuddin said , \"Should I have ? The police did not ask me any questions , or instruct me to stay back or inform them when I was leaving . However , if they require my presence to complete any formalities, I am willing to visit.\"The couple reiterated that they did not wish for a probe into the incident or desire the bodies of their children to be exhumed . About pest control contractor Rukhsar Almelkar who spent a few days in prison , Gayasuddin said , \"No comment .\"The police probe will now have to take a fresh turn owing to Rehab's stomach wash report that suggests that aluminum phosphide was ingested not inhaled . The social circle of the couple , as well as doctors , who treated Rehab is stunned by the couple's decision to leave town as well as the medical findings . \"I am shocked to learn that traces of aluminum phosphide have been found in the stomach rather than the lungs as we expected ,\" said Dr Deepak Namjoshi of Criticare Hospital . \"This makes me wonder how both ended up consuming the lethal poison .\"Mysterious courseJuly 3 |Pest control is conducted at the Yari Road flat of Farzana and Gayasuddin Chougle. Before midnight, their two children Rehab (27) and Rameez (26) begin vomiting and suffer bouts of diarrhoea.July 4 |Rameez dies around 1.30am while Rehab is taken to hospital. Family homoeopath A M Momin certifies Rameez's death was caused by gastroenteritis. Neither the doctor nor Versova police order an autopsy.July 5 |Rehab is transferred from Criticare Hospital to Kokilaben Ambani hospital. She succumbs around 11.40pm. Her body is sent for autopsy to Cooper Hospital, where the coroner finds enlarged liver and fluid filled lungs; however, her viscera is not preserved. Criticare doctors, luckily, had preserved the stomach wash to confirm phosphine poisoning after detecting aluminum phosphide.July 9 |Greyish powder is discovered at Chougle home.July 11-13 |Pest control contractor Rukhsar Almelkar is arrested.July 14-21 |Police arrest Borivli shopowner who sold pesticide to Rukhsar and the Pune supplier where the Borivli vendor procured it from.July 22 |Police order probe into the role of Versova sub-inspector who initially probed the case.July 23 |All three pest control suppliers get bail.July 26 |The Chougles say they have returned to settle in Muscat, claim the police never asked them to stay back.Killer pesticideAluminum phosphide is essentially used as a pesticide in agriculture and never in pest control treatment. Its toxic effects are due to the liberation of phosphine gas. It is said to have no antidote and is a lethal systemic poison with 80-90 % mortality .Questionable workVersova sub-inspectorThe officer did not send Rameez's body for autopsy. He did not ask forensic experts at Cooper autopsy centre to preserve Rehab's viscera for a chemical analysis despite doctors stating it to be a suspected poisoning case. No examination of the Chougle home was undertaken soon after the deaths.Cooper hospital coroner The doctor did not collect samples of histopathology and viscera, which is a must in such cases", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15187675", "title": "All is well between Dileep and Thilakan", "text": "Thilakan had said,\" Dileep's acting is more like a mimicry than acting. And it will take a long time for Dileep to match up to the acting skills of Mohanlal. \"When approached to comment on Thilakan's statement he said, \" I have not taken his criticism in a negative way. He is a veteran actor and has expressed his opinion.\"Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15176190", "title": "Government should try to get industry, say three MLAs", "text": "Asserting that the industry is an important source of employment generation for unemployed youths in the state, members of the legislative assembly demanded that the government try to get industries to the state. Leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane said that major industries are required for Goa to get gainful employment for youths and that the \"Government should tell what efforts they have taken in this direction\". Dabolim MLA Mauvin Godinho demanded that the government should encourage environment-friendly industry, and local youths should be given employment. \"If this is done, I don't think anyone will oppose industry in Goa\". Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco said that SEZ is another scam of the IDC and demanded that the government punish those involved in scam. \"Revert the land allotted to SEZ developers,\" he said.Porvorim to get new market complex: The Goa Housing Board will soon appoint a suitable consultant for the construction of a new market complex in Porvorim. Making this announcement in response to a calling attention motion by Porvorim MLA Rohan Khaunte, housing minister Milind Naik said action has been initiated to carry out necessary repairs to the existing structure to prevent any incident. Khaunte said that this market has become unsafe for the people as well as shopkeepers as it is dilapidated and unhygienic, and poses danger to human life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15177287", "title": "Husband kills wife for giving birth to daughter", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a shocking incident, a 22-year-old youth killed his 20-year-old wife near Kanuvai on Thursday for giving birth to a female baby last month.The accused, S Pandiaraj, reportedly kicked his wife, G Nagajothi, in the abdomen repeatedly on Wednesday night and by Thursday morning she started to vomit blood. She breathed her last at a private hospital near Kanuvai. Police have arrested Pandiaraj and his mother, Dhanti, 50, in connection with the incident.According to Vadavalli police, the couple has a two-year-old daughter, Aishwarya. Pandiaraj, a lorry driver, had married Nagajothi after courting her for a few months and the couple had a happy married life until the birth of their daughter. Their marital life started to crumble when her in-laws started taunting Nagajothi for 'failing' to give a baby boy.It seems Pandiaraj started to ill- treat his wife after family members and some friends repeatedly taunted him for fathering a girl child. The brutalisation process was complete when the second baby also turned out to be a girl. As per the police complaint filed by the victim's father Ganesan, Pandiaraj used to assault Nagajothi almost every day and none, including his parents, cared to intervene and protect her.The incident has left the civil society in the city in a shock as it reveals the deep-rooted prejudice against the girl child in the society. Long years of campaigns, by the state as well as NGOs, state policies favouring the girl child and regulations seem to have failed to alter the mindset of people.Legal experts claimed that cases of gender discrimination are being reported from the upper middle class and educated sections of the society. \"The old social outlook which tends to tilt towards the male gender is highly prevalent even among the educated sections of the society. It is deep rooted in their mindset and aggressive awareness campaigns to promote equal status for women should be ensured at least in the coming years,' said M Vennila, a city-based advocate.Sociologists expect gender prejudice to decline as more and more women attain economic independence. The notion of girl child being a burden on the parents especially at the time of marriage would then cease. \"When more and more women become economically independent, the social situation and prejudices are also expected to change,' said T Srinivasan, retired psychology professor, Government Arts College, Coimbatore. Superstitious beliefs prevalent among certain communities are also cited for gender discrimination and cruelty towards women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15181044", "title": "Professor gets jail in cheque bouncing case", "text": "KANPUR: Special metropolitan magistrate J P Agarwal, on Thursday, punished a professor of Chandra Shekher Azad Agriculture University professor named as B N Tripathi under Negotiable Instrument Act (cheque bouncing) with one-year simple imprisonment and a fine of Rs 70,000.The judge observed that professor had to undergo three more months jail term if he failed to pay the fine. Crticizing the act of the professor, the magistrate said that his conduct was suspected. To save himself from repaying the loan, he had submitted fabricated arguments in the court, therefore he was not liable to get any favour.Tripathi had taken a loan of Rs 35,000 from complainant Rajendra Kumar Srivastava for the marriage of his daughter. He passed a cheque of loan amount to Rajendra Kumar just to clear his dues. But the cheque was not honoured by his bank. Despite the service of legal notice, the professor did not return the loan amount.Notice to police: The metropolitan magistrate VIII, Kanpur Nagar, on Thursday issued a show-cause notice to station officer Badshahinaka and said why action be not taken against him in Manoj Gupta case.The judge observed that despite the court order, the SO had not submitted his affidavit. He simply submitted his written submission in an application form. The complainant had levelled charge against him on affidavit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "15171005", "title": "Non-Hindus to sign faith declaration", "text": "TIRUMALA: In what could be a face-saving move, the Tirumala Tirupati Devathanams (TTD) on Thursday made it clear that non-Hindus intending to have darshan of Lord Venkateswara must sign the mandatory form declaring their faith in the Lord. In the wake of recent allegations that the TTD was not protecting the Hindu dharma, this announcement came as a ray of hope for Hindu prachara dharma activists.As per GO No.311 of the Endowments Act and rule no 136 of TTD, signing the declaration form is a must for non-Hindu pilgrims. \"The declaration forms are available in the peshkar office, joint executive officer (JEO) and enquiry offices. If a non-Hindu is found to be violating this rule he or she will not be allowed to have darshan,\" JEO Srinivasa Raju said.Though the rule has been in force for a long time, the devasthanams has not implemented it strictly. YSR Congress party president Jaganmohan Reddy created a flutter some months ago when he had darshan of Lord Balaji without signing the declaration form. Hindu dharma activists and several political leaders came down heavily on the TTD for failing to extract the signature from Jagan on the form.The TTD was under cloud recently when three of its employees were caught by the vigilance officials for indulging in proselytisation activities atop the hill. \"The mandatory signature process will not help much as it's very difficult to indentify non-Hindus among the many lakhs of devotees who throng the temple. But in case of non-Hindu VIP devotees it does help to maintain the sanctity of the temple,\" Kamalakar Swami of Tirumala temple protection samithi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15175924", "title": "Called 'cheat' by teacher, 11-year-old girl jumps to death", "text": "HOWRAH: Unable to bear the trauma of being labeled a 'cheat' and unable to bear the taunts of her teachers, an 11-year-old girl jumped to her death from the roof of the five-storied apartment building of in which her school. The incident took place is located in Howrah's Bijoy Kumar Mukherjee Road on Thursday morning. The incident highlights the poor state of affairs in educational institutions across the state. In spite of a blanket ban on corporal punishment, students are regularly falling victim to high-handedness of teachers. This is, however, the first time in recent years that a child has been driven to suicide by those she is supposed to trust and respect.The principal of the school and the concerned teacher were detained following a complaint from the girl's fatherShiv Narayan Mishra. He claimed that principal Dilip Kumar Dubey gave his daughter a tongue-lashing, telling her to 'go to hell' and remain uneducated for the rest of her life. This may have led the Class-VI girl to suicide. While the school operates from the first floor of the building, the other floors have residential flats which had given the kid access to the roof.The principal's brother, however, brushed aside all allegations and said his brother isn't the principal but 'secretary' of St Dominic Savio School.The girl was a Class-Vi student. - Aparna Mishra was a resident of Dr Abani Dutta Road under Golabari police station - area. She was a student of studied in class-VI at the St Dominic Savio School, which is barely one and a half km from her home. While the school operates from the first floor of the building, the other floors have residential flats which had given the kid access to the roof.Around 8.15am, her father Shiv Narayan Mishra - a trader in motor parts - received information from locals that his daughter had been admitted to a private hospital. On rushing there, he was told by doctors that the child had fallen off the roof of her school and died on the spot. After the police took charge of the body, Mishra then went to the school to find out what had occurred.He found out from his sources said that the girl Aparna was taking her Chemistry test when trouble broke out. She The girl was allegedly talking to one of her classmates during the Chemistry test, when invigilator Brij Kishore Prasa, the invigilator, hauled her up for cheating. Alleging Prasad - a teacher of the school - alleged that she Aparna was copying from her friend's paper, the answer sheet of her classmate.He allegedly slapped the girl, snatched her answersheet and ordered her to leave the examination hall.According to Mishra's complaint to the police, his daughter was sent to meet principal Dilip Kumar Dubey, the principal of the school. Mishra claimed that principal Dilip Kumar Dubey gave his daughter a tongue-lashing, telling her to 'go to hell' and remain uneducated for the rest of her life. This may have led the girl to suicide. While the school operates from the first floor of the building, the other floors have residential flats which had given the kid access to the roof.The girl apparently left the principal's room and climbed the stairs to the roof of the building before jumping off.\"My daughter was quite sentimental and couldn't bear such humiliation. I apprehend that the circumstances compelled her to commit suicide. The allegations of cheating are also falseagainst her are lies. She was very good in studies and would never have copied from somebody else's answersheet,\" Mishra claimed.Based on the complaint, police have filed a case under Section 306 of the IPC that deals with abetment to suicide.Prasad and Dubey were detained for interrogation by the police and may be arrested later in the eveningThe school, meanwhile, shut down after the incident. The only one present was Dubey's brother Satish Kumar , who occupies a flat on the ground floor.\"My brother is being accused for no reason. He is not the principal of the school, but its secretary. Moreover, he was not even present in school when the incident happened. From what I have learnt, the girl was caught cheating and admonished by her teacher. She was not slapped or beaten as is being alleged. We informed the child's home immediately after the incident,\" Satish said. ACP (North), Soumik Sengupta, said, \"We have received a complaint and are investigating the matter. \"The girl's father, however, claimed that he received no information about the incident from school authorities. He came to know about his daughter's condition from locals.\"The school authorities are lying. Aparna was ill-treated by her teachers. How could students get access to the roof of the building? There should have been a guard to stop children from climbing to the roof,\" said Ashis Mishra, a cousin of Aparna's.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15179339", "title": "Govt to go ahead with cloud seeding", "text": "BANGALORE: With monsoon playing truant, the government has decided to go ahead with cloud-seeding.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar told the council on Thursday that the government will try it on a pilot basis. It has earmarked Rs 5 crore to prepare a detailed project report and issue tenders. He said the government has to decide about harvesting clouds as monsoon hasn't been encouraging. \"We are serious about it and will implement it very soon,'' CM said.The government has added another 19 taluks, including four in Bangalore Urban district, on the drought-hit list, taking the total to 142 taluks. The taluks affected by drought are: Anekal; Bangalore North, East and South; Hoskote; Nelamangala and Ramanagaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15180214", "title": "Judicial probe welcomed by Rewari district farmers", "text": "GURGAON: Farmers in Rewari district, who last Sunday indulged in arson and blocked NH-8 against the acquisition of over 3,300 acres of land in 16 villages for setting up of an industrial estate by HSIIDC, have welcomed chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda's decision for a judicial probe into the violence by a retired judge of the Punjab and Haryana high court.At least 20 people were injured after villagers clashed with police and torched several state-run buses in Asalwas village in Rewari on July 22. Three farmers, who suffered bullet injury after police resorted to indiscriminate firing, are at present battling for their lives.\"In the meeting, the chief minister agreed to pay for the medical expenses of all the farmers injured in the incident. The district authorities will now pay for the medical bills of the injured,\" said Ram Kishen Mehlawat, president, Bhoomi Adhigrahan Virodh Sangharsh Samiti. The two who were seriously injured, Satbeer and Om Prakash, are undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Rewari, and the third person, Mahinder Singh, is recovering in a Gurgaon hospital. \"The families of the victims heaved a sigh of relief with the state government paying the medical expenses,\" said Mehlawat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15179406", "title": "An eye jab may help the blind to see", "text": "WASHINGTON: In a major advance in the field of vision restoration, scientists claimed to have discovered a chemical that could allow people with degenerative blindness to see again.A team of University of California in collaboration with researchers at the University of Munich and University of Washington are working on an improved compound that temporarily restores some vision to blind mice. The compound called 'AAQ' is less invasive than implanting light-sensitive electronic chips in the eye.The approach could eventually help those with retinitis pigmentosa, a genetic disease that is the most common inherited form of blindness, as well as age-related macular degeneration, the most common cause of acquired blindness in the developed world. In both diseases, the light sensitive cells in the retina, the rods and cones, die, leaving the eye without functional photoreceptors.The chemical AAQ acts by making the remaining, normally \"blind\" cells in the retina sensitive to light, said lead researcher Richard Kramer , UC Berkeley professor of molecular and cell biology.AAQ is a photoswitch that binds to protein ion channels on the surface of retinal cells.When switched on by light, AAQ alters the flow of ions through the channels and activates these neurons in the same way rods and cones are activated by light.\"This is similar to the way local anesthetics work: they embed themselves in ion channels and stick around for a long time, so that you stay numb for a long time,\" Kramer said. \"Our molecule is different in that it's light sensitive , so you can turn it on and off and turn on or off neural activity,\" said Kramer.Because the chemical eventually wears off, it may offer a safer alternative to other experimental approaches for restoring sight, such as gene or stem cell therapies, which permanently change the retina . \"This is a major advance in the field of vision restoration ,\" said co-author Russell Van Gelder, from the University of Washington. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15174394", "title": "\u2018Renovation\u2019 ruining Shah Jahan\u2019s palace", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Shah Jahan-built palace in Ahmedabad is waging a bitter battle to survive an onslaught of modernisation.Sardar Vallabhai Patel Memorial Society, the trust that takes care of the Shahibaug palace (now known as Sardar Patel Smarak), has recently been granted Rs 17 crores by the central government to renovate the Mughal building. What is alarming is that the renovation is taking place in a way that the heritage conservationists would call a 'harakiri' by a city aiming to get Unesco's World Heritage City status. Following a thoughtless plan, workers are removing and demolishing several Mughal features while converting it into a museum dedicated to the Iron Man of India.\"It's a total massacre. The renovation is completely disrespecting the history of the building. It is one of the finest architectural examples by Shah Jahan and to kill its originality is criminal,\" says a pained heritage conservationist of Ahmedabad.The jharokhas in the building, typical to Mughal architecture, have been replaced with modern day features like air traps. Most of the backside of the building has been given a complete makeover. The renovation work that began in 2011 apparently has six months more to go for completion, according to sources. With so many changes being made, the heritage of this four century old structure is in peril.While the trust says the renovation work aims at developing an international museum on the life and works of Sardar Patel, it is clearly doing so at the cost of medieval history of this 600 year old city. According to principles of restoration, the priority is to prevent decay. \"They should not remove jharokhas or any of the Mughal features. Our principle is to replace what one absolutely must and with materials that are exactly the same. The original plan and the structure should not be changed,\" says Y S Rawat, director of state archaeology.He calls it one of the finest Mughal architectures in Western India today and advises that the renovation be halted immediately.Precursor to Taj MahalMoti Mahal or the Shahibaug palace that was built in 1616 by the then Mughal governor of Gujarat, Shah Jahan (who was known as prince Khurram). He built the palace to chiefly generate employment for a population ravaged by famine. This was also the beginning of Shah Jahan as the legendary builder we now know and take pride in.If historian James Douglas is to be believed, Ahmedabad's picturesque architecture, which was already a couple of centuries old by then, had inspired the legendary emperor to erect great architectural marvels in Agra later. The Shahibaug palace was a precursor to the greatness he achieved with Taj Mahal .The legendary palace, which saw both Shah Jahan and Mumtaz Mahal walk its intricate corridors and hallways, is being ravaged with ease as it was delisted from the list of protected monuments in the year 1952.Before independence, the building housed senior British officials. After the establishment of Gujarat as a state, it became the governor's house. In 1978, Raj Bhawan was shifted to Gandhinagar and this historic building was made a Sardar memorial.Tagore wrote a ghost story hereWhat is probably one of the most enigmatic stories associated to this palace is how Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore had in the late 1800s, stayed here with his elder brother and had been inspired to write his only ghost story, The Hungry Stones. Tagore had felt strangely fascinated by the domineering structure and had even penned down his first song while walking its huge terrace overlooking the Sabarmati.Times ViewThe callousness being shown towards this 400 year old heritage structure is appalling. At a time when individual residents of the walled city of Ahmedabad are being prevented by law from carrying out renovation of homes which have heritage value, the authorities haven't even spotted the destruction that is taking place in a historic palace built by emperor Shah Jahan. Unless the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation wants its bid before Unesco for World Heritage City status to become a laughing stock, it should halt work at this site immediately and ensure that the damage is undone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15176067", "title": "'Why should Goa take part in Lusofonia?'", "text": "PORVORIM: St Andre MLA Vishnu Surya Wagh on Thursday suggested to the government that Goa shouldn't participate in the Lusofonia Games saying the participants are Portuguese-speaking countries and wondered how a state can join in. Speaking during the demands for grants to sports, Wagh said Goa can be a very good host which he said will maintain international relations. \"Goa is a state, a former Portuguese colony and not a country,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15172040", "title": "Biodiversity meet nearer, but is Hyderabad ready?", "text": "HYDERABAD: October 2010 saw New Delhi in the midst of a mess and mired in a controversy of poor preparedness for the prestigious Commonwealth Games. Cut to October 2012, and the city of Hyderabad is set to cut a sorry figure when it plays host to the 11{+t}{+h} Convention on Biological Diversity of the United Nations. Touted to be the biggest event the country has hosted post independence, Conference of Parties (COP 11) kick-starts on October 1 and is expected to draw an international contingent comprising over 8,000 delegates from 194 countries. But is Hyderabad ready for it? Not really, admit organisers of the three-week-long global summit.In what seems like a repeat of the Commonwealth chaos of 2010, government departments in the state entrusted with the job of putting together the conference by the central ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) are completely out of sync with each other with some still unsure about the itinerary of the meet. The fact that the 'managerial powers' of COP 11 have been outsourced to a private professional conference organizer (MCI Management) by the Centre has only made matters worse. It has left the babus feeling blue and ignored. \"How can a private company with little knowledge about the subject of the meet, handle such a mega event? The company is only trying to boss over the state departments and extract maximum profit for itself from the conference,\" alleged a government officer part of the organizing committee. The total budget for the 19-day show is being pegged at somewhere around Rs 300-400 crore.The official's claims, unfortunately, are not quite off the mark. With just over two months left for the mega meet to take off, MCI has few arrangements in place to talk about.It's still scrambling to fix accommodation for the mammoth delegation, battling to put together a volunteers' group to escort participants and most importantly, is seen doing little to create a buzz about the global conference, the largest that the city or even the country has ever witnessed. Not surprising then that barring a few, most Hyderabadis draw a blank when asked about COP 11. The 'Nagoya Protocol', which is at the core of the October event and revolves around access and benefit sharing of biodiversity, rings no bell with anybody.Apart from MCI, the state government too is to be blamed. Right from Andhra Pradesh's biodiversity board to the AP Pollution Control Board (PCB) to even the state's forest department, all seem to be in a state of slumber. Instead of going to town with activities and awareness programmes, to inform people about the mega summit, officials are at best drawing up a few presentations to put up at the conference. Ask them about what the conference is likely to entail, and most have no answer.\"We only know that participants will be taking the Nagoya (Japan) discussion forward, talk about how member countries can share their biological resources with each other and benefits they can get out of doing so,\" said S N Jadhav, member secretary, AP State Biodiversity Board. On what the board, expected to play a crucial role in October, was doing as a run-up to the event, Jadhav had no answer. He only said, \"There are 2,300 local bodies in AP. All of them should have local biodiversity committees. We are working towards that.\"Forest officials too made no bones about admitting that their plans for COP 11 were still at the drawing board stage. In fact, S V Kumar, chief wildlife warden who is in-charge of the department's COP-related activities insisted it was too \"premature\" to advertise the biodiversity meet. \"We will conduct talks by forest officials and spruce up our national parks. But everything will be done just a month before the event. There is still a lot of time,\" Kumar said. Officials of PCB too said that their role in the mega conference was \"limited\" to just training a few volunteers for the event.Predictably, the unpreparedness is drawing criticism from various quarters. \"The October meet is such a great opportunity for India and AP in particular to showcase its biodiversity. The government should wake up and start working towards that, instead of passing the buck on to some third party (the MCI) to take care of everything,\" rued another official pointing out how India had over a year to prepare for COP 11. The declaration that India would play host to this meet was announced in June 2011.The last meet was held in Japan and according to some accounts it was a well-planned and meticulously executed event. MCI officials refused to comment on the preparation in Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15177801", "title": "Municipal corporation-RWA row sucks parks dry", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the municipal corporation in a hurry to wash its hands of maintenance of neighbourhood parks and resident welfare associations (RWAs) not willing to take over their responsibility, green belts in the city have fallen on bad days. There is an ambiguity over who will replace their broken infrastructure and how accounts will be maintained.Even as the two sides fail to reach a consensus, the city residents rue over their neglected state. \"During MC elections, councillors had equipped some parks with fountains and play equipment. But today, they look abandoned,\" said Kamaljit of Sector 48. \"I avoid visiting our neighbourhood park after dusk due to the knee-high grass there,\" said Ramjot of Sector 22.TOI spoke to MC superintending engineer (B&R;) Mukesh Anand and chairman of Federation of Sectors Welfare Association of Chandigarh P C Sanghi on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15179566", "title": "Concrete arm of metro rail pillar collapses at Vadapalani", "text": "CHENNAi: An extended arm of a metro rail pillar near Vadapalani junction collapsed on Thursday afternoon. The debris fell on the busy Koyambedu-Vadapalani Road, affecting traffic for about 20 minutes. No one was injured.According to preliminary reports from the Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL), the accident occurred due to an error in the alignment of a mould which was to hold concrete. A senior metro rail official said the accident happened around 2.40pm. \"It fell on the road, but no vehicle was damaged. The traffic had to be stopped for 20 minutes. The collapsed structure was to hold the platform portion of the rail system which appears as extended arms on either side of the pillar,\" said an engineer at the site. The collapsed arm, about five metres long, was on pillar number VP-19, next to Vadapalani junction.CMRL chief general manager V Somasundaram said the accident happened during concrete laying. \"It was a temporary structure. Concrete was poured in the iron arms a few minutes before the incident. It fell off into the project's barricaded area,\" said Somasundaram.Senior CMRL officials including chief safety expert Martyn Gomersall and police officers visited the spot soon after the accident. Gimersall upbraided site engineers for allowing public and the media to enter the accident site. The incident, though it did not result in any major damages, has CMRL officials discussing their experiences with Delhi metro rail work. \"Compared to Delhi, we have a better safety record. During the works in Delhi, five major accidents happened and in one of them five people were killed,\" said a senior engineer of CMRL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15171719", "title": "Schoolchildren unsafe as buses flout rules", "text": "NOIDA: The ride to school for children in Noida is an unsafe one. According to the traffic police, only a portion of the school buses adhere to the norms set down by the Supreme Court, while other students travel in rickshaws and cabs as they manoeuvre their way rashly across the city. Traffic police officials say that 90 such vehicles are challaned every month for violation of traffic rules.According to the RTO, out of the total 473 school/college vehicles plying in the city, 176 were found to be unfit for plying as per the survey conducted in August, 2011.\"The problem is that a number of schools hire buses from outside. As a result, it is not possible to keep tabs on the driving record of the drivers. However, if the bus is not adhering to norms, we issue a challan to the owner,\" said a transport official.Stringent guidelines have been put in place by the Supreme Court for school buses according to which it is essential for \"school bus\" to be written in the front and back. If it a hired bus, \"On school duty\" should be clearly indicated. Buses must have first-aid box, the windows must be fitted with horizontal grills and a fire extinguisher must also be provided. The name of school and telephone number should be visible on the bus, while the doors must have reliable locks. The seats in the buses should have a space underneath them for school bags, while an attendant from the school must be present along with a parent or a guardian.\"The school buses rarely follow the guidelines set out and the problem is especially bad with commercial buses that have been hired by the schools,\" said a traffic police official.According to traffic police officials, the vans and rickshaws that many parents chose to transport their children, especially over short distances is extremely risky. Traffic officials explained that the vans and rickshaws don't have any safety measures and overcrowding implies that there is definite risk of the vehicles toppling over.Parents explained that they are often forced to send their children to school via cabs and vans due to lack of other options provided by the schools.\"The van gets the children home in time and in many cases they drop the children right up to the house,\" said Nitish Saha, whose child studies in a Noida school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15178470", "title": "Govt bans polythene, gutkha packets on Puri beach", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has imposed a blanket ban on the use of polythene and gutkha packets on Puri beach. The move to keep the tourist spot clean and pollution-free came after a proposal by the Puri district administration's beach development committee (BDC).The state forest and environment department passed the order on Tuesday. \"We will convene a meeting with district officials and BDC members for enforcement of the rule. Beach vendors and tourists would be sensitized not to use polythene on the beach,\" Puri civic body's chairperson Shantilata Pradhan said.Though Puri earns the distinction of having the largest sprawling beach in the eastern region of country, cleanliness of the beach is a major cause for concern. The dirty beach is taking its toll on annual footfall of foreigners for whom the beach was the only source of recreation in Puri. While around 60 lakh tourists visit Puri annually, only around 40,000 of them are from foreign countries.\"Disgusted over the unclean beach, foreigners are not willing to visit Puri again. That is the reason why we never find foreigners touring Puri repeatedly. All the overseas visitors are newcomers,\" said Ramakrushna Dasmohapatra, president of Hotel Association of Puri.A group of foreign tourists had left the Puri district administration red-faced by taking up cleaning activity on beach in 2009. Holding placards in hands they expressed their displeasure over the shabby condition of beach and picked up garbage and dumped it in dust bins. The district administration had then hurriedly convened a meeting and taken a few face-saving measures to keep the beach clean. But the situation has not changed, as visually-insulting beach continues to scare away tourists in large numbers.\"We hope things will be better after the polythene ban. Municipality sweepers, voluntary organizations and hotel labourers are carrying out cleaning on the beach regularly. The district administration is also taking steps to keep the beach free from unauthorized vendors,\" Puri tourist officer Bijaya Kumar Jena said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15171546", "title": "Curfew relaxed for 4 hours, people stock up on essentials", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: People in Kokrajhar town stepped out of their houses to stock up on food and other essentials commodities and meet friends and relatives when the curfew was relaxed for four hours between 8am and 12 noon on Wednesday. People flocked to markets and shops to buy food and fuel and petrol pumps were packed with vehicles. Kokrajhar - which was a virtual ghost town for the last week - bustled with hectic activity. \"It was great relief for us as we have been holed up inside our houses for almost six days. The four-hour relaxation of curfew gave a fresh lease to us. I wish the situation comes back normal and the curfew is lifted permanently,\" S Basumatary of Kokrajhar town said.With essential commodities in short supply in Kokrajhar, which is virtually cut off due to the violence, prices of vegetables and other food items have shot up unexpectedly. For example, potato, which was being sold for Rs 20 per kg before the trouble began, is now going for at least Rs 30. Other vegetables were also sold for much higher rates. A woman selling vegetables said: \"There are no buses arriving to he town and there is no supply of vegetables from neighbouring villages. Whatever I had was sold out.\" Even fish was in short supply as the Kokrajhar market depends on the adjoining Barpeta and Andhra Pradesh for supply.Buyers literally had to compete with other customers to get their hands on the items they wanted. Meats, including pork and mutton, vanished within minutes. Even though people patiently waited outside shops in the queue for their turn, most essential commodities were sold out and many had to return home empty-handed. A Kokrajhar resident Ajay Narzary said, \"I wish the situation improves soon. We do not have much left at home to cook and my family will have just daal and papad to eat if things continue like this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15179557", "title": "One more tests positive for cholera, 4th in a week", "text": "CHENNAI: One more person tested positive for cholera and 26 others were admitted to city hospitals with diarrhoea on Thursday. The latest case took, the total number of reported cholera cases in one week has gone up to four.Corporation officials said patients with diarrhoea were admitted to Communicable Diseases Hospital and Government Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital. Fifty-eight patients in the city are being treated for acute diarrhoeal diseases in the two hospitals. The officials, however, did not reveal details of the areas from the patients had come.Doctors attending to them said all the patients were responding to treatment, which is administration of intra-venous fluids and antibiotics. \"We have discharged three patients who earlier tested positive for cholera. Another 28 patients who had diarrhoea were discharged on Thursday,\" said a senior corporation official.Most of the patients are being treated with intravenous fluids and antibiotics, officials added. \"Most of them come dehydrated. With fluids, they are responding well to treatment,\" added the official.The hospitals admitting diarrhoea patients were conducting preliminary tests for cholera as a precautionary measure. \"If they test positive, then we send their samples to King Institute for the serology culture tests,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15180050", "title": "Now, Pakistan SC settles dispute over samosa price", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Alas! The days of cheap samosas in Pakistan is over. Ending a legal wrangle over the price of the humble samosa, the supreme court has set aside a notification of the Punjab government whereby the price of one samosa was fixed at Rs 6.The samosa, till early this week, was caught up in a legal tussle between provincial government and Punjab Bakers and Sweets Federation.In 2009, the city district government of Lahore had fixed price of one samosa at Rs 6 and magistrates imposed fine on shopkeepers for selling the same at a higher price.The Punjab Bakers and Sweets Federation, through its president Chaudhry Muhammad Afzal, had challenged this order at the time, but the LHC had dismissed the petition.The petitioner moved an appeal in the supreme court of Lahore Registry arguing that Samosa is not an item notified under the Punjab Foodstuffs (Control) Act 1958; therefore, its price cannot be fixed by the provincial government . The Punjab government's counsel submitted that the government had the power to fix prices of items that were being sold to the public at large.The apex court, however, allowed the appeal of Punjab Bakers and Sweets and set aside the impugned notification on Tuesday.The apex court's involvement in issues such as fixing the prices of food items invited derision from sections of the media.In an editorial 'Samosa justice' , the Dawn newspaper said, \"While the commercial bakers will rejoice at the verdict , others waiting for justice in Pakistan's everclogged judicial system may be wondering when their turn will come.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15176989", "title": "3 out-of-turn promotions for excellence in sports: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Acting on the Cabinet's decision to give out of turn promotion to sportspersons for their outstanding performances, the ministry of personnel on Thursday announced details of the scheme outlining the policy for civilian employees and asked the ministry of defence to replicate it for those working with Army, Navy and Air Force.The scheme \u2014 that allows three out of turn promotions to sportspersons in their service career for winning medals in Olympic Games, Commonwealth Games , Asian Games and World Championships \u2014 will be applicable to all central government employees except those who are working in railways and departments of atomic energy, electronics, space and defence research and development.\"Indian Railways, Army, Navy and Air Force, which have their own policies to promote sportspersons, will, however, be free to replicate this scheme,\" said an official.He said strategic sectors like atomic energy, space and defence research were kept out of the purview of the policy in view of sensitivity of the work.Though the Cabinet had announced its decision last week, the details of the scheme was announced just a day before the inauguration of the London Olympic Games, where 10 police sportspersons and few others from different services are participating in events like boxing, wrestling, weightlifting, athletics and field hockey.\"The demand for grant of out of turn promotion for excellence in sports events has been considered by the government and it has been decided to allow a maximum of three out of turn promotions to a sportsperson or coach for excellence in sports events,\" the department of personnel and training (DoPT) said in an office memorandum to all ministries.The medal winning performance in sports events to be eligible for out of turn promotion will be restricted to regular disciplines of Olympic Games, Commonwealth Games, Asian Games, World Championships and record-breaking medal winning performance in National Games conducted by Indian Olympic Association.A maximum of three out of turn promotions will be given to a sportsperson in entire service career. Whereas, the number of out of turn promotions allowed to a coach will be capped at two with a gap of four years.\"However, the total number of out of turn promotions allowed to a coach will not exceed three in the entire career including those given to him or her in the past for performance as a sportsperson,\" it said.The DoPT said that the out of turn promotion would be effective from the date of conclusion of event. In case of a team event, a sportsperson will qualify for such promotion only if s/he has played at least 50% of the matches in the same event. Reserve player, if any, will not be entitled for such promotion, it added.The department also made it clear that services of the promoted sportspersons, as far as possible, would be utilized for only sports related activities after their active sports career is over, whether it is coaching or other technical areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15171902", "title": "Vishwa Hindu Parishad demands sealing of Indo-Bangla border", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) on Thursday took out a protest rally here to demand immediate sealing of India-Bangladesh border to prevent the entry of illegal immigrants in the wake of the ethnic clash between Bodos and Muslims in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) area. The VHP also demanded that state governor JB Patnaik hand over administrative control of the BTC, Dhubri and Bongaigaon districts to the Army.Besides, VHP leaders sought a ban on the All BTC Muslim Students Union (ABMSU). Hundreds of activists from the saffron brigand took out a rally from Latasil field to Raj Bhawan, where they submitted a memorandum to the governor. Members of the Hindu group, under the aegis of Subash Goel, a central VHP leader, visited the affected areas and also met BTC chief Hagrama Mohilary.\"We took out a protest rally and submitted a memorandum to the governor asking immediate steps be taken to control the ethnic clashes. The BTC area should be handed over to the Indian Army. We have also stated that the international border between India and Bangladesh should be sealed to prevent the entry of illegal immigrants. We want a ban to be imposed upon ABMSU and its activities as well. Besides, we also want the number of relief camps to be increased and sufficient food, water and other important amenities in the affected areas,\" said Abhijit Deka, general secretary, VHP, Uttar Purva Prant.On Thursday, BJP national general secretary Vijay Goel continued his tirade against the Congress government in Assam for not taking effective measures to curb the ethnic strife. A second team under him visited the affected areas in Kokrajhar, Gosigaon, Masurmari and nearby places.\"Chief minister Tarun Gogoi, who is in charge of home affairs, could have taken proper measures, but he overlooked the intelligence reports and didn't act on them. The violence could have been stopped. The problem is not new. Until the problem is tackled properly, ethnic violence such as this would continue. We visited some relief camps and found that the security is inadequate, which puts the inmates' lives at stake. Compensation must be provided to the victims,\" said Goel. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15179639", "title": "Clean-up of Chennai rivers to begin, Rs 300cr allotted", "text": "CHENNAI: The long anticipated cleaning of waterways in the city may begin soon. Chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Thursday announced the allocation of Rs 300 crore for effluent treatment and other related works that would be carried out to check pollution of key water bodies across the city. The work mainly involves plugging the sewage outlets and strengthening the city's sewage network.The amount will be spent for sewage and effluent treatment activities on 337 locations in Cooum and Adyar rivers and Buckingham canal, an official release said. \"We have identified 105 outfalls in Cooum river, 49 in Adyar river and 183 in Buckingham canal,\" said a metro water official.The initial allotment of 150 crore would be given to the Chennai Metro Water Supply and Sewage Board in installments for laying pipes and setting up and upgrading pumping stations, Jayalalithaa said. Metrowater officials were optimistic and said they expected to finish the work in 18 months.\"The key work would be to upgrade old sewage lines that were built during the British era,\" said the official.\"Many sewage pipelines are too narrow to cope with the current load and so leak into the storm water drain network, which in turn is connected to the river bodies. Besides, the British administration had themselves connected many manholes directly to river outlets to cope with system overload. All these will have to be changed,\" he said.\"Pump stations too are old and need to be revamped,\" he said. \"Once we plug the outlets, we need better pumping facilities to prevent system overload.\" Once the stations are revamped, sewage lines will be enlarged from six inches to nine inches. \"This will reduce leakage into storm water drains. We will also plug the link areas and the direct lines to the water bodies. Upgrading the pumping stations and the main lines will take nine months.\"In low-lying areas, where the flow of sewage is not normal, Metrowater plans to set up new pumping stations. \"We have been working on this for a year and already identified lands to set the stations up,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15191780", "title": "Uu Kodathara Ulikki Padathara Review Highlights", "text": "Uu Kodathara Ulikki Padathara (UKUP) which has the formidable combo of actors Nandamuri Balakrishna and Manchu Manoj is enjoying a grand opening. The movie was already screened in USA. Here are the review highlights of the UKUP.The photos of legendary actors - NTR and MGR - are show in in the movie as a mark of respectManchu Manoj's entry on a Harley Davidson is something to watch out for. The actor is seen in multiple looks in the movie.Deekstha Seth (who plays the daughter of actor Prabhu) fits her role of Neelambari perfectly.When Balakrishna made a terrific action-packed entry, the audiences erupted into loud cheers. He is convincing as Narasimha Rayudu and his character is the highlight of the movie.The interval twist, in which Balayya vacates the Gandharva Mahal, has kept the audiences engaged.The confrontation scenes between Sonu Sood and Balakrishna are grippingB. Rajasekar's cinematography is brilliant.Lakshmi Manchu's all new avatar is quite surprising. Her entry in a flashback episode and her role as Amruthavalli is already garnering much applause.The CG (Computer Graphics) works are to watch out for. And the Gandharva Mahal Set is the special attraction.There are some interesting twists in the second half and towards the end.Some of Balayya's powerful dialogues: \"Evvaraina gandharva mahal naadi annadoo\", draws whistles in theaters\"Rayudu Champali Anukunte Bramha Devudu Kuda Aapaledu..Kapadali Anukute Yamudu Kooda Champaledu\"....", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15173219", "title": "DAVV gymnasium ignored, lacks equipment", "text": "INDORE: The lack of upkeep of DAVV multipurpose gymnasium has become a cause of concern for many. There are about 200 students who regularly visit the Physical Education Department (PEd), and they feel that there are a very few equipment to meet their requirement.As per Kunal Singh Solanki, an MPed final year student, \"I have been studying here for the last three years, and have seen no improvement in the gymnasium. The machines are rusted and worn out. \"Some equipment including the 'bench press,' 'thigh press,' 'butterfly,' 'biceps curl,' 'shoulder curl' are there, but have not been maintained well. The dumbbells and bars are few in numbers and there are no variations in the weight equipment.Another MPed student Tilak Ram Thapa says, \"There should be more equipment in the gym. There is less space too, for all the activities. The machineries are very outdated and the departments concerned should come forward to upgrade the facilities at the gymnasium. There should be a separate weight training gym inside the university.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15177727", "title": "Fear of drought-like situation looms large in Palamu district", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Farmers in Palamu are presently in a Catch-22 situation with rain continuing to keep away from the district for so long.Given the current weather condition, the farmers cannot grow paddy on the 15,000 hectares of land in the ditrict.Palamu DC Pooja Singhal said the chances of a good paddy cultivation on these 15,000 hectares of land are slim given that the district is facing a drought-like situation with the rain continuing to keep away so far. She said even if the rain comes at a later date it would be difficult to revive the land for a good paddy crop.Instead, farmers should grow pulses and alternative crops in the 15,000 hectares of land, Singhal said. \"It all depends on the grit and determination the farmers, though,\" the DC said.The administration is planning to motivate the farmers to grow pulses like arhar etc on 5,000 hectares of land. For the remaining 10,000 hectares, the farmers should grow fast-growing lotni, a kind of cash crop, sources said. Sources said the administration was trying to minimize the apprehension of a severe drought o gripping the district again. Palamu has a notoriety of having bouts of drought almost every year here.Officially the paddy sowing in Palamu has been barely 5.8% till July 24. Paddy transplantation (ropni) can be done till August 15. With less than three weeks remaining now, the chances of a good paddy crop is slim unless it rains heavily now. Palamu's average rainfall in July is normally around 344mm. Till July 24 this year, the district has received 201mm of rain. The deficiency is more than 40-50 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15174508", "title": "Gujarat may run out of gas", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court order to convert all state vehicles to natural gas has left the state machinery and vehicle owners in a lurch. The court on Wednesday ordered the state government to convert all vehicles registered in the state to compressed natural gas (CNG) within a year.The existing infrastructure is inadequate to support 32 lakh vehicles - cars, rickshaws and other commercial carriers - of which just about four lakh run on CNG. A rough calculation suggests it would take close to Rs 3,000 crore just to convert 10 lakh petrol cars to CNG.The state accounts for more than one-third of the total natural gas consumed in the country. However, the penetration of CNG in the state is less just over 50%.\"Gujarat has 258 CNG stations and around 2,000 petrol pumps. If all private and commercial vehicles are converted to CNG, we would need to add at least another 500 stations in less than a year,\" said Gujarat Petrol Dealers' Association secretary Arvind Thakkar.Several districts in the state like Bhavnagar, Jamnagar, Porbandar and Kutch, among others, don't even have a single CNG station.The court has also directed the Centre to allocate natural gas, including CNG to Ahmedabad city at the same price as it supplies to Delhi and Mumbai under the Administered Price Mechanism (APM).In Ahmedabad, for instance, there were about 80 cars converted to CNG everyday when the fuel price hovered around Rs 30, says Ahmedabad regional transport officer Jyotish Bhatt. This has halved after CNG prices kept on soaring - it costs Rs 53 per kg now.\"Ahmedabad and other cities should get natural gas under the APM. However, we haven't received the court order and can't comment on conversion of all vehicles to CNG at this juncture,\" said state energy minister Saurabh Patel. The court has directed the state government to pass necessary orders for converting to CNG.Senior state government officials said that it's difficult to lay the gas grid and connect the entire state in a year's time. \"The permission to lay gas pipes is to be taken from central government which is a lengthy process,\" said a senior state government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15171305", "title": "Public accounts committee to review land allotments to companys'", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The public accounts committee of the state legislative assembly ordered the district administration to serve notices on the organizations which were allotted government land at cheaper rates.PAC chairman Revuri Prakash Reddy and members, K Kanna Babu, B Durga Prasada Rao and Anam Vivekananada Reddy inspected several government land tracts allotted to various organizations in and around the city and found fault with Hinduja Company for launching construction works without obtaining the necessary permission.Revuri said they would suggest the government to appoint a three-member committee of senior IAS officers to look into the irregularities in land allotment as nearly 22,000 acres of government land was misused by various organisations.He said the PAC would submit an interim report on the irregularities to the government soon.Vivekananda Reddy appealed to the people's organizations and political parties to take up agitations against the organizations, which have spoilt the beauty of the port city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15177325", "title": "30-year-old dalit hacked to death in Coimbatore, 4 held", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 30-year-old dalit was beaten to death by a group of caste Hindus following an altercation in Mettupalayam late Wednesday night.According to police both the deceased and the four member gang were under the influence of alcohol. On Thursday morning, over 200 Dalit protesters gathered in front of the Mettupalayam Government Hospital and demanded action against the culprits under the Prevention of Atrocities Act (SC/ST). They also blocked the Mettupalayam-Ooty road.The deceased was identified as Veerasamy alias Veera of Thekkampatti near Mettupalayam. He worked as a labourer in an agricultural farm belonging to Balaji (32) of Devanapuram village. He had gone to attend the Vanabathrakaliamman temple festival at Mettupalayam with friends on Wednesday night.Around 8 pm, Veerasamy and his friends were chatting in front of a tea shop near the temple. Balaji and his younger brother Eswaran (28), belonging to the Gounder community, came to the tea shop and a quarrel erupted between Veerasamy and the brothers. Immediately the duo called their friends Sathish (20) and Balasubramainam (41) who rushed to the spot. They took Veerasamy to an open ground in the same area, assaulted him and fled.Veerasamy was taken to his aunt's house by his relatives Raman and Jothikumar. Since his condition was critical, he was taken to Mettupalayam Government Hospital. But the doctors declared him brought dead.On Thursday, around 10.30am the victim's wife Palaniammal (23), her two daughters and other relatives, gathered near the hospital and blocked Ooty Main Road for an hour. They demanded the state government to arrest the murderers immediately and sought compensation for the family of the victim. The demanded the police that the accused should be booked under prevention of atrocities act (SC/ST). ThePolice officials held talks with them and promised that proper action would be taken against the culprits.According to sources, the four accused have been detained by the police on Thursday and will be produced before the court on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15173402", "title": "Unsold units in Mumbai touch 122 million square feet", "text": "MUMBAI: With fewer buyers showing interest in purchasing property, the number of unsold units in the Mumbai metropolitan region has skyrocketed.Unsold units touched 121.97 million sq ft by June 2012 from 110 million sq ft in December 2011, according to Liases Foras real estate rating and research firm. Of 121 million sq ft, the highest number of unsold units, about 25%, are located in the western suburbs from Bandra to Borivli and also in the areas beyond Thane in the central suburbs.Unsold stock comprises roughly 10% of ready flats, while the balance comprises under-construction and newly-launched projects.\"Going by the existing absorption rate (sales), it will take approximately 37 months to clear the current stock of unsold units,\" said Pankaj Kapoor, founder of Liases Foras.As per the company's data, sales have climbed from eight million sq ft between April and June 2011 to almost 9.79 million sq ft between April and June 2012. The value of homes sold in the Mumbai metropolitan region correspondingly increased from an average Rs 10,559 per sq ft to Rs 11,154 per sq ft.\"Although sales in the metropolitan region have improved in terms of the number of units, figures suggest that cheaper properties available in the extended suburbs of the city were major contributors of this improvement,\" Kapoor said.Expressing a similar view, research firm Prabhudas Lilladher said that while a slight increase of about 6% was noticed in sales registrations in the past few months in Mumbai, one could hardly term this \"arrest\" in sales as a recovery in the real estate sector. \"The incremental demand could be on account of first-time home buyers taking the plunge in the absence of price correction and from NRI-led demand due to significant weakening of the rupee,\" analysts said.\"With interest rates remaining firm, the woes of the real estate industry are likely to continue. With developers sitting on highly leveraged balance sheets, a price cut becomes a strong possibility. Challenges to the sale scenario in the city remain high and more needs to happen to correct the stressed affordability equation amid high property prices,\" analysts added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15179434", "title": "Painless pyorrhoea treatment helps skips surgery", "text": "Coming as a painless alternative for treatment of periodontitis (pyorrhoea) \u2014 a gum disease that ails 65% of the Indian population \u2014 a team of dentists at the Dr Harvansh Singh Judge Institute of Dental Sciences and Hospital have treated cases without surgery. The innovative procedure has been presented at the International Academy of Dental Research in Brazil.With this method available now, there will be no incision or a long sittings on the dental chair. In fact, this requires sub gingival irrigation device \u2014 a jet of antimicrobial agent to clean the oral deep pockets to remove plaque and clean the mouth after the surgery.Dr Rashi Chaturvedi, associate professor and Dr Ashish Jain, principal of the dental college have together worked on this method. \"We had enrolled 40 patients. After a follow up of six months we found cent percent successful results. Those who cannot undergo surgery, includes diabetics or medically compromised patients. But this is also an option for normal cases who fear surgery,\" said Dr Ashish.Pyorrhoea can occur in those above 40 years. It progresses from gum inflammation -- gingivitis \u2014to infection in the bone that holds the tooth. \"When the disease is at the stage of inflammation of gums simple scaling can work and no surgery is required. Only when it spreads to the bones, surgery is the only treatment,\" said Dr Chaturvedi.The disease spreads as an infection and can lead to tooth decay all of a sudden. \"Not many people think seriously about it and come for tooth extraction. Scared of surgery they find extraction convenient. However, this is not the solution. So we thought of applying this device which is used otherwise in washing the oral cavity to treat periodontitis,\" said Dr Jain.The procedure can be conducted even by the patient at home and requires three sittings in six months. But for surgery the gum flaps have to be removed and this takes 4-6 surgical sittings. \"However, the only limitation is that it leaves the teeth stained due to antibiotics. These can again be removed by polishing in 15-minute dental sitting,\" said Dr Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15179853", "title": "UK ATM pays extra money, cops called to control crowd", "text": "LONDON: Any time double money! A faulty ATM in the UK started dispensing double the amount requested as people squabbled with each other to avail the sudden windfall.Police were called to calm crowds that had gathered after the cash machine at the Nacton Road Lloyds TSB in Ipswich started dispensing 'free money' .A spokesman for Lloyds TSB said it would be difficult to trace the customers affected and said it was unlikely they would try to reclaim the money. Some 30 people are thought to have benefited from the glitch. Police officers were called the bank on Tuesday after a member of the public reported arguments breaking out among the crowd.\"The incorrect dispensing of cash is not a police issue, but we remained on scene until staff from the Lloyds bank arrived and turned off the cash machine,\" a Suffolk police spokesman was quoted by the Ipswich Star as saying.Ipswich resident Emma Hutchinson said she received a phone call from an anonymous friend telling her the ATM was dispensing 'free money' . \"Word got around pretty quickly,\" she said. \"My friend asked for \u00a340 and the machine gave out \u00a380.\"A spokesman for Lloyds TSB said, \"For a very short period of time, the ATM at Nacton Road was mis-dispensing cash. It was put out of service. We apologize for any inconvenience caused.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15179057", "title": "Found: Gene that spreads breast cancer", "text": "LONDON: Scientists claimed to have discovered the gene that encourages the spread of breast cancer , paving way for treatments for the disease.The discovery of the gene, RhoC, could lead to new ways to target the behaviour of these cancer cells, scientists claimed. Chemotherapy often stops working because it doesn't kill cancer stem cells that fuel spread of tumours, the Daily Mail reported.RhoC has been shown to promote metastasis, spread of cancer cells to distant organs, including the bone which is more likely to kill them than a primary breast tumour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15176835", "title": "3 gang rape accused in police net", "text": "PATNA: Having looked the other way when a local news channel telecast the video of the alleged gang rape of a Class X girl by four \"friends\" of her school days on camera in a house at Rajvanshi Nagar in Patna on June 14, city police arrested two of the accused on Thursday. The main accused, Prashant Jha, surrendered in the Boileauganj police station in Shimla on Wednesday evening.A three-member Patna police team led by an SI flew to Shimla on Thursday and took Prashant on five days' remand. They are likely to leave for Patna on Friday.While Arman was arrested from his native place at Jaitpur in Saran district, Rahul Lamba alias Rishabh was arrested from Jalandhar. The fourth accused, Rahul alias Ranvijay, was absconding till Thursday evening.The police also got the statement of the girl recorded in a magistrate's court on Thursday. On Wednesday, it may be mentioned, the court of Patna CJM issued non-bailable warrants against the four accused after taking suo motu cognizance of the case.When TOI reached Prashant's mother Suchita Jha at their Airport Colony residence on Thursday, she claimed her son had not been in touch with the family for the last five days. He had gone to his uncle, Gopal Jha, who runs a business in Shimla, to avoid arrest. Prashant has an elder brother who studies hotel management in Bangalore.While Ruchit Shah, father of Arman, escaped to Jaitpur along with the family, Rishabh fled to Jalandhar once the local news channels started showing the footage. Rishabh's father is an employee of Bihar State Road Transport Corporation while his mother works at a beauty parlour at Raja Bazaar in Patna.\"We interrogated the relatives and neighbours of the accused extensively on Wednesday. We got clues and immediately informed our counterparts in Himachal Pradesh and Punjab,\" Patna SSP Amrit Raj said.The SSP said Prashant's father Prabhakar Jha is an upper division clerk in CPWD. Rahul alias Ranvijay is a resident of Machhali Gali and his father Bare Lal sells flowers near a temple in the locality, the SSP said and added Rishabh was a resident of Mohini Gali, Raja Bazaar. Arman's father Ruchit Sah is a chowkidar in the Met department.The SSP said the clothes the girl wore on the fateful day had been seized and would be sent for forensic tests. Her medical examination has also been conducted.The SSP quoted the girl as having said in the FIR lodged on Tuesday that she had been having an affair with Prashant who wanted to marry her. On June 14, Prashant called her near a temple at Rajvanshi Nagar and took her to a flat where the other accused were present. Prashant, Rishabh and Ranvijay raped her while Arman filmed the act, the FIR alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-27"}
