{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15485056", "title": "Independence Day: Traffic restrictions on August 15", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In view of the forthcoming Independence Day function at Parade Ground, Sector 17, and 'At home' function at Punjab Raj Bhawan, various traffic restrictions and diversions shall be imposed by UT traffic police on Wednesday. The following roads shall be closed for the public during the timings given below.Around Parade Ground, Sec 17 The road stretch from roundabout of sectors 16/17/22/23 up to small rotary near Gurdial Singh petrol pump in Sector 22-A on Udyog Path, from sectors 16/17 crossing up to roundabout of sectors 16/17/22/23 on Jan Marg and from light point near Lyon's Restaurant, Sector 17 up to Parade Ground, shall remain closed to vehicles of public from 7am onwards on August 15, till around 11.30am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15484338", "title": "Over 15 trees uprooted, two houses collapse", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Monday was a busy day for the men in blue as Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) received over 30 calls related to house collapses, fire and trees falling. According to AFES officials, after the rains on Sunday and Monday, they received at least 15 calls from areas such as Vastrapur, Kankaria, Maninagar, Naranpura, Vijay crossroads, Navrangpura, Saraspur, Vasna, Gomtipur and Sola. Three parked cars and an autorickshaw were damaged in these incidents, said officials.Rajesh Bhatt, additional chief fire officer, AFES, told TOI that two fires were reported during the rains. \"A chemical unit in Vatva GIDC reported a fire due to a short-circuit in a storage facility in the morning. In the evening, a home in Bimanagar, Odhav was severely damaged after an LPG blast. No one was reported severely injured in these incidents,\" he said.He added that a building opposite Law Garden also reported a small fire after a spark in an electric box on the ground floor of the building. A balcony collapsed in Raipur. At 2.30 pm, the balcony of Jethalal Building near Raipur Bhajiya House collapsed as its foundation was weakened. As the shops below were shut down, no injuries were reported.AFES officials also rescued a woman who was stuck in an elevator in Swati Flats near the city police commissioner's office in Shahibaug. The incident was caused by an electrical malfunction which cause the lift to get stuck between two floors, and attempts to get the woman out failed.\"While the rain is moderate at the moment, we are constantly watching for spates in Narmada canal and Sabarmati river because of water released from upstream. Some cases related to water bodies were suicides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15485381", "title": "Water supply hit by pipeline leakage, power failure", "text": "GONDIA: Water supply in some wards in Gondia has been hampered due to leakage in dilapidated pipelines and failure of power supply.Due to unabated rains during last fortnight, there is no dearth of water in any part of the town. There is ample water in all wells and public borewells, but the water is very hazardous for drinking purposes. Also, due to the poor condition of the pipelines, they have developed leakages and the irregular power supply for last few days has added to the woes of the residents of Chhota Gondia, Govindpur, Surya tola, Ramnagar, Civil Lines and Gautam Nagar.At some places, these leakages are near drainages or sewage lines and as such when the water supply is closed, some residents complain of getting dirty sewage water with foul smell. Residents have also complained to the water supply authorities, but in vain.When contacted, deputy engineer of Water Supply Department Vivek Bannore said that in the summer they had repaired almost all leakages. \"We have also told the residents that they should raise the height of the pipelines wherever they are going parallel to the drainage lines, because our pipe lines are old and the drainage lines have been prepared afterwards. So they should have taken care of this problem.\"However, the permanent solution to this problem could be found only after the existing work of new water supply project is completed, which according to him, will be completed by the end of 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15484907", "title": "12k boxes of expired liquor seized from godown", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Working on a tip-off, Chandigarh police seized 12,000 boxes of liquor, worth several thousands of rupees, which was illegally stored in a godown in Raipur Kalan village near here.The raid was conducted by the police control room's special technical operation cell (STOC) on early Monday. Police officials said that the liquor was stored in the godown in 2007 or 2008 and the date for its consumption had expired.\"We laid a trap in the morning following a tip-off. This godown was made in the house of Sharanjit Singh and a trader, Naresh Garg, took it on rent in early 2007. When this liquor was bought, at that time Garg had a legal licence but later it was cancelled,\" inspector Ranjit Singh Dhillon said\"The seized liquor could fill four big trucks. Garg did not move liquor from this place out of fear. He might have planned to sell it further by changing the expiry date on the bottles. Our probe is on,\" said Dhillon.Now police is contemplating destroying the seized liquor, in consultation with excise department officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15487963", "title": "Abhinav Kashyap's 'Beshram' hits a roadblock", "text": "The producers of his next, Besharm, starring Ranbir Kapoor pull out of the project citing commercial considerationsDespite his debut venture Dabangg being a blockbuster, Abhinav Kashyap seems to have hit a roadblock with his second project Besharm . Having managed to rope in Ranbir Kapoor as the lead actor, the filmmaker is now stuck because the production house, Viacom 18 has suddenly decided to withdraw support.Undaunted, Abhinav has now taken his project to another production house, Reliance. A source disclosed that Viacom and Abhinav did not quite agree on the film's look and feel. \" Besharm is a very gritty movie. Viacom was in love with the concept and they tried hard to convince the director to give it a more commercial feel,\" said the source.According to the source, even during the making of Dabangg, it was only after Salman Khan's inclusion that Abhinav made the necessary changes to his script.Reportedly, Abhinav and Viacom 18 even had a dispute over the profit sharing of the film. The director, who wanted a bigger share, took his project to Reliance later. In fact, an insider revealed that Abhinav approached several producers.A source close to Reliance maintained, \"Yes they did come to us and the discussion did take place. However, it will take some time for the official announcement.\"Meanwhile, Besharm, the project that was supposed to go on floors by the end of this year, may now have to wait. Last minute changes in the production house will keep the film from going on floors as per schedule. Also, lead actor Ranbir's choc-a-bloc calendar may postpone the film even further.Vikram Malhotra, COO of Viacom 18 and director Abhinav Kashyap remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15486009", "title": "Underbridges flooded in Dahod, buses trapped", "text": "VADODARA: Two buses got trapped in underbridges in Dahod district since Sunday night. One of these incidents on Godhra-Indore highway led to a traffic jam and vehicles had to be diverted through Limdi.Waterlogging had taken place at railway under-bridge at Mangal Mahudi near Limkheda. A bus tried to go through the inundated underbridge, but developed a snag and was trapped inside it.A crane was called to bring out Gujarat state transport bus out of the under-bridge. Till the bus was removed, traffic was diverted through Limdi.In a similar incident in Chakaliya locality in Dahod town, a bus was trapped in the railway underpass there. Fire Brigade officials towed the bus out of the inundated underpass.Rail traffic around Dahod had also slowed down due to the heavy rains there. With danger of tracks getting flooded with waters, the railways monitored the situation closely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15484536", "title": "Students fail to pay fees, denied bus travel", "text": "NASHIK: Around 50 students of Rasbihari International School (RIS) were not allowed to use the school bus on Monday on the grounds that they had not paid the revised fees of the current academic year.Parents went to the Panchavati police station after which cops summoned the school's manager and instructed him to allow all the children on the bus.S K Jain, a parent, said that the students' parents will be meeting the NMC education officer on Tuesday to discuss the issue. Parents have also warned of organizing a morcha on September 1. T N Supe, deputy director of education has asked the school not to stop bus facilities until the matter is sorted out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15486456", "title": "Cart loaders in Trichy protest loss of livelihood post ban on sand mining", "text": "TRICHY: About a few hundred owners of bullock-carts on Monday agitated in front of the collector's office saying their livelihood has been suddenly lost since the Madurai bench of the high court banned sand quarrying from more than 30 points on the banks of Cauvery.It was a tricky situation for the cart owners because the district administration, soon after the court directive, banned their business of buying sand at Rs 47 for 13 cft (an official cart load) from 33 quarrying points in Trichy district which were exclusively reserved for cart loading. However, the cart owners sort of relieved since the court directive allowed them to buy sand from a single point at Thottiyam some 12 km from Trichy, but this too was restricted to only 150 carts. The cart owners, however, claimed Thottiyam alone had 300 carts.According to the state general secretary of the Bull Workers Development Association, J Soundarajan, all the 3,000-odd cart owners were thrown out of employment all of a sudden for the last 10 days, and even their bulls were starving. Though the high court directive is applicable to the entire state, it was in Trichy that the association chose to carry out a protest march because of the concentration of a large number of carts here. Soundarajan said the association did not believe in agitation and they normally thrashed out issues across the table with officials. He said he was confident of such a solution this time too.Since the cart owners themselves have to load sand, it is not always possible to monitor if they adhere to the official limit of 13 cft. For instance, five cart owners have been fined Rs 25,000 each for illegal quarrying, admitted Soundarajan. Since the association was not in a position to go the Supreme Court to exclude them from the ban on quarrying, it was advised by its Dindigul-based lawyer to negotiate with the local administration by explaining their predicament. Unlike the truck owners, these cart owners live a hand to mouth existence and depend on buying sand from the government and then selling it for a profit. \"The price they get per cart load depends upon distance, and it is possible to get a price of up to Rs 500 for a load,\" Soundarajan said. The PWD officials said they were working on a formula on how better to rehabilitate the cart owners without violating the court order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "15484984", "title": "12-day-old girl left behind in Faridabad", "text": "FARIDABAD: A newborn was found abandoned near a water tank in Faridabad on Monday. Surajkund police told TOI that residents of Block C Green Field Colony informed them about the infant, following which a team was sent to the spot. There, police found the baby which was only 12 days old.Abdul Shahid, SHO of Surajkund police station said that the baby girl was well-clothed and her parents must have been well-to-do.She was taken to B K Hospital where doctors said she was in good health.Police also said that the infant will be sent to the care of an NGO if no one turns up to claim her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "eluru", "code": "15484867", "title": "Passengers jump off burning train, many injured", "text": "ELURU: About 80 passengers jumped off Guwahati-Trivandrum Express bogies near Eluru town on Monday after they noticed sparks and smoke in one of the sleeper coaches. This comes after the recent fire on Tamil Nadu Express that killed 30 peopleAt least 20 passengers suffered injuries even as the train was coming to a halt near Tammileru bridge in the town. Many escaped grievous injuries as they jumped into the stream, but some of them were hurt badly as they fell on stone blocks in the stream.It all began when passengers of S-7 bogie of Trivandrum Express saw smoke emanating from the bottom of the coach when the train was slowly approaching Eluru. Within minutes, the smoke turned into a small flame. Frightened passengers shouted for help, even as a good number of youth ran towards the exit door and jumped from the running train.Snapped belt caused train fireOne of the passengers pulled the chain and by the time the train came to a halt, nearly 80 passengers from three neighbouring coaches had jumped into the Tammileru stream near CR Reddy College.The driver and guard rushed to the spot and used a fire extinguisher to contain the flame. The Vijayawada division officials believed to have directed the engine pilot not to move the train till engineers inspect the coach. As a result, the train was stopped on the bridge for more than 30 minutes.Local technical staff carried out inspections and found that a belt from one of the AC coaches had snapped, resulting in the minor fire. A relief van from Vijayawada was also rushed to Eluru but returned empty after the engineering staff gave the go-ahead for the Trivandrum Express for its onward journey.A senior railway official said the passengers had unnecessarily panicked and jumped off the train. He said the train was in good running condition. \"Small sparks emanating from the coaches is common because of friction and they are not life-threatening,\" he reasoned. SCR general manager Asthana, who was in Vijayawada to attend a conference, rushed senior officials to the spot along with the rescue train.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15483480", "title": "Is green vegetation in Tapi a hazard?", "text": "SURAT: Floating algae in Tapi river has created a scare among people that it could contaminate their water source and that they may receive yellowish water in their taps with reduced pressure.\"This is definitely a failure of Tapi Shuddhikaran Campaign. It is sad that in the past two years we have not taken up the cleaning of the river bed seriously,\" said president of an NGO that works with Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) to clean Tapi river.This is not for the first time that algae, Hyacinth and Hydrilla are being seen floating in the river. \"When water is released in huge quantity from the dam, its intensity takes along with it such vegetation which inside the intake wells creates problems,\" said Jatin Shah, city engineer, SMC.\"At times this vegetation gets stuck on the screens of the wells and become an hindrance in the pumping of the water. We have to send divers underwater to remove this vegetation. We have started to install vertical iron nets in new wells so that we can remove the nets and clean the vegetation,\" he said.The city has experienced huge problem in water supply in the past due to these vegetation. \"However, these vegetation is not harmful to human health in any way,\" Shah said.\"We put chlorine in the water before it is supplied for human consumption. Algae's chlorophyll's reaction with chlorine gives the water a yellowish colour,\" Shah said.Dr Mahesh Patel, a general practitioner in Rander, said: \"It could create nausea, stomach ache or dysentery. We had cases of such ailments in the past.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15484913", "title": "Chandigarh sets a date with good cinema", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the aim to promote the culture of independent filmmaking in the city, Chandigarh Creative Cinema Circle (4C), a group of art lovers from the city, is all set to organize an independent filmmakers film festival this weekend. During the festival not only award-winning films, even their directors would be present for a discussion on films and their making.Named \"Chandigarh da filmi adda,\" it will be a two-day film festival that will start on August 18 at Lajpat Rai Bhawan in Sector 15. \"Several award winning documentaries, besides feature films and short films will be screened. The screenings will be followed by a discussion with the directors of the films on various aspects of the film and filmmaking,\" said A P Mishra, member of 4C.The festival would open with the screening of city-based filmmaker G S Channi's two films followed by Hemant Gaba's feature film \"Shuttlecock Boys.\" This is the first film, made by an independent director, which was recently screened in cinema halls. Hemant, a software engineer in the US made this film along with four of his friends while he was there. Next would be Nitin K Pamnani's documentary film, \"Vidrohi,\" which bagged best documentary award at Mumbai Film Festival 2011. The film is based on revolutionary poet, Ramashankar Vidrohi, who has been living on Jawaharlal Nehru University campus in Delhi for the last 40 years. \"Black Pamphlets,\" last film to be screened on the first day, focuses on JNU student union elections.Day two would start with the screening of three short films by Ankur Kapoor, a well known name in advertising and filmmaking. These films are \"Blades of Grass,\" \"Birth of Death\" and \"Second Wind.\"Next would be the film \"BOM\" (Brothers of Malana) directed by national award winning director Amlan Datta. This film won best documentary award from National Film Development Corporation in 2011.This would be followed by the screening of films, \"Blue Alchemy- Story of Indigo,\" \"Tales from the margins\" and \"The Jew in the lotus\" by Asheesh Pandya. These films will be screened from the sound engineering perspective. This would be followed by \"Hansa,\" that won the best critic award at recently conducted OCEAN film festival in Delhi. The film has been directed by Sudarshan Juyal.The festival would end with city-based filmmaker Gaurav Chhabra's film, \"Ink Lab.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484604", "title": "Anti-Sikh riots: Rivals framed me, Sajjan tells court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior Congress leader Sajjan Kumar on Monday started his final arguments before a trial court in a 1984 anti-Sikh riots case and blamed his political opponents for his ordeal saying they had falsely implicated him in the case.Advancing final arguments in the case involving killings of five Sikhs, Kumar's counsel told district Judge J R Aryan that when Akali Dal was in power, they constituted GT Nanavati Commission to probe riots cases for falsely framing him.\"Political opponents of Sajjan Kumar got an opportunity to frame him in a false case by appointing the G T Nanavati Commission when Akali Dal was in power. Nanavati Commission was a political move by Akali Dal,\" said advocate I U Khan, appearing for Kumar.He said no witnesses in the case came forward to depose anything against Kumar before the commissions, constituted to probe the riots cases, but as soon as the case was transferred to the CBI, they began coming forward.Khan told the court there are three key witnesses in the case out of which two have been termed eye witnesses, while the third has said she had seen Kumar instigating the mob. \"There are three main witnesses in which Jagdish Kaur and Jagsher Singh were eyewitnesses and Nirpreet Kaur was a witness, who deposed that Sajjan Kumar was instigating the mob during the riots by his alleged speeches,\" he said.The counsel said Nirpreet Kaur, who is alleged to be the eyewitness of her father's killing, was made a witness in this case 24 years after the incident. He claimed nothing wrong was done by Kumar during the riots and witnesses had not mentioned his name anywhere during their recording of statements before various commissions.\"Bogus documents were given by Jagdish Kaur. Why did she not mention Sajjan Kumar's name in her earlier statements in 1985 before the Ranganath Mishra Commission? The only answer to this is that Sajjan Kumar did not do anything wrong during the riots,\" he said.Meanwhile, another 1984 anti-sikh riots case, filed against Jagdish Tytlyer, was on Monday transferred to another court on the orders of the district and sessions judge. The case has been listed for September 23, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15485382", "title": "Villagers put lives at risk while crossing Pranhita", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Hundreds of people put their lives at risk as they cross the inundated Pranhita river close from Aheri in Gadchiroli to Andhra Pradesh in unsecured canoes. With no bridge connecting the two states, the overloaded canoes are the only option for the passengers. The boatmen do not provide safety gears to passengers.Aheri tehsil in Gadchiroli and Bejjur tehsil in Andhra Pradesh are adjacent to each other across the Prahita which have perennial flow in this region. Wangepalli village is on the Maharashtra side, while Gudem village lies on other side of river in Andhra Pradesh. Aheri being a major town and market in the area, people from dozens of village in Andhra Pradesh crosses the river almost daily. Several small traders from the other side come to Aheri for business. Similarly, a good number of people from Aheri and surrounding villages have to cross the river to catch the train from Kagaznagar railway station.\"The closest railway station from Aheri is Kagaznagar in Andhra Pradesh. It is located at 30 km, after crossing Pranhita river. Crossing the river saves traveling 100 km to reach Ballarpur the other station approachable by road. Hence, people prefer going to Kagaznagar risking their life by traveling small boats, to catch trains to Nagpur and even Hyderabad,\" said Aheri tehsil Congress president, Mehboob Ali.Traveling in canoes involves great risk as boatmen often overload them with passengers and their luggage. \"Canoes have capacity to carry barely 15 passengers, but they regularly take 50 along with their luggage which often includes bicycles and goods taken to the market. The riverbed is more than 250 metres wide here and has perennial flow. Passengers are given no safety gears while traveling in open canoe. To make it more risky, boatmen have now attached makeshift diesel engines to their canoes without authorization or safety measures,\" Ali said.The current in the river is particularly swift during rainy season. Release of water upstream from the dam often floods the river, increasing risks. \"Although the last accident involving a canoe at this ghat took place over a decade ago, the possibility of this thing happening can never be ruled out,\" Ali warned.The construction of bridge involves two state governments and provision of Rs 100 crore. Andhra Pradesh government has already approved its share of Rs 50 crores for the bridge, but Maharashtra government hasn't done so. \"The public works department has already forwarded the proposal to the state government. But has remained stuck in red tape,\" Ali said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15484349", "title": "Municipal commissioner asks officials to ensure cleanliness in Lucknow on Eid", "text": "LUCKNOW: Municipal commissioner Nagendra Prasad Singh, on Monday, directed various zonal officers to ensure proper cleanliness in the city in view of the festival of Eid.Presiding over a review meeting at LMC head office, Singh asked zonal officers to inspect their respective areas early in the morning. \"It is primarily seen that the zonal officers do not visit their areas as a result enough cleanliness is not maintained,'' Singh said, two days after urban development minister Azam Khan recommended his suspension on charges of dereliction of duty. On Monday, the municipal commissioner attended his office and met various senior officials, directing them to pull up their socks in view of the festival.Singh said that it is also seen that the agencies handling disposal of waste are not working properly.In fact, the staff of the agencies are not present on the job as a result requisite cleanliness is not maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15486813", "title": "Tata Motor Fin to pay Rs 2.5L", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tata Motor Finance has been asked to pay Rs 2.5 lakh as compensation to a customer within 30 days for forcibly taking away his vehicle in violation of the Supreme Court guidelines on its repossession for default in payment of loan.New Delhi District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum also said Tata Motor Finance had not shown that it gave Ranjan Suri, a resident of Paharganj, a notice before repossessing the vehicle. This is \"not in line with the law laid down by Supreme Court in a number of cases where it was held that civil procedure be conducted for repossession of vehicle for default of loan\", it said.Suri had said he bought the car after taking a loan of Rs 2.93 lakh from the company, which took it away after he failed to pay a few instalments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15486133", "title": "Lack of manpower haunts women commission", "text": "JALANDHAR: Working of the Punjab State Women Commission has come to a halt due to shortage of manpower for the past seven months. Despite the fact that posts of chairperson and four members of the commission have been vacant, there seems to be no move to fill the vacancies.While chairperson Gurdeb Kaur Sangha's tenure ended in December 2011, fifth member Kiranjot Kaur's tenure ended on January 26. The commission receives more than 100 complaints every month.Information procured by Human Empowerment League Punjab (HELP) under the RTI Act has revealed that the monthly salary and allowance bill of its employees was around Rs 4.15 lakh but it has been operational at its one-sixth capacity only.The information has further revealed that the commission was disposing of complaints after getting information from the concerned department. In 2010, the commission received 1,341 complaints while in 2011 these were 1,325. In the current year till June, 611 complaints had already been received.HELP general secretary P S Kitna and Istri Jagriti Manch leaders Gurbax Kaur Sangha and Rupinder Kaur said that it reflected that the state government was not taking issues of women seriously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15485941", "title": "Shalimar Township residents for service lane development", "text": "INDORE: The residents of Shalimar Township are having a harrowing time adjusting to the narrow service lane constructed in front of the township.Secretary of Shalimar Township Gautam Ganguly says, \"We actually do not have a well developed service lane. The school buses are forced to park on the main road causing traffic jams.\" He added that the service lane constructed in front of the entrance of the township is quite narrow and incomplete. \"We need a broader service lane but the BRTS said that it might lead to encroachment by vendors.\"Abha Jain, a resident of the township, says, \"It would become convenient for two-wheelers drivers if the service lane is developed.\" Pallavi Naswa, another resident of the township, says \"After the construction of the BRTS lane, it has become unsafe to drive out of the township as the stretch of road has a number of vehicles coming from either sides, that is Dewas Naka and Vijay Nagar, and entering into the township from the no entry zone.\" \"We have the service lane here for two-wheelers but it is incomplete,\" she added.Project manager of BRTS Muhammmed Makrani said, \"The service lane in front of the township has not been completed yet due to some land dispute. A case is pending before court.\" However, he said, talks are on with Patel Motors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15485062", "title": "\u2018Curb govt spend on self-glorification\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: A PIL by an NGO on Monday requested the Supreme Court to direct the Union and state governments to refrain from recklessly spending tax payers' money by inserting full-page self-glorification advertisements in newspapers.A bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra tagged the PIL by NGO 'Foundation for Restoration of National Values' with another PIL by Manzoor Ali Khan, who had sought a direction to restrain the government from inserting advertisements on birthdays of political leaders.The NGO, with luminaries like former CJI M N Venkatachaliah, industrialist Ratan Tata and ex-Delhi Metro boss E Sreedharan on its advisory board, objected to several full-page advertisements in newspapers by the J Jayalalitha and Mamata Banerjee governments indulging in self-praise on completion of one year in power.The petitioner's counsel Ravi Mehrotra said, \"The wasteful expenditure incurred by giving public adverts in newspapers are wholly unnecessary, inappropriate and reminiscent of monarchial era. These mock at public sentiments and actual ground realities ignoring the adverse economic conditions and budgetary/fiscal imbalances resulting in perennial shortage of funds adversely affecting the Union and state governments.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15485807", "title": "Panel seeks forensic report again", "text": "BHOPAL: The child rights' panel has issued a reminder to the police to provide the details of the forensic report of the Carmel student after her alleged suicide bid in the last week of June earlier this year.On Monday, Usha Chaturvedi chairperson of state commission for protection of child rights (SCPCR) talking to TOI said, \"A reminder letter is being issued to the SP seeking details of the report from the forensic science lab at Sagar. The report is crucial as based on the same proceedings can be carried forward.\" Chaturvedi said once the report comes, the police will file an FIR. \"Once the FIR is filed, it would be seen what sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) are applicable. Whether the girl had consumed poison or whether she was inebriated would be evident from the forensic report,\" she said.SP (south) Anshuman Singh claimed to be unaware about the case and its proceedings. \"I have no idea whether the report has come from the Sagar forensic lab or not or whether it has been forwarded to the commission as well,\" he said.The incident had occurred when his predecessor SP Abhay Singh was in-charge.On June 28, Shefali, daughter of Satya Narayan Sharma, a former Vidhan Sabha official and a resident of Rivera Township, had gone to school with her younger sister, Shruti. A student of Class XI of Carmel Convent BHEL, she went to the school to talk to the principal and insisted on meeting her. When she failed to get appointment from the principal, the girl came out and consumed rat poison allegedly in front of the school principal .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15484693", "title": "Cartoon row: Rights panel wants Rs 50K compensation for Jadavpur University professor", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal Human Rights Commission has asked the Mamata Banerjee government to initiate disciplinary action against two police officers within six weeks and pay Rs 50,000 each as compensation to Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra and his septuagenarian neighbour Subrata Sengupta for police action against them after they forwarded a mail lampooning the chief minister.Mahapatra and Sengupta were arrested on April 12 midnight by East Jadavpur police for sending the mail \u2014 parodying a scene from Satyajit Ray's 'Sonar Kella' to feature the CM and Union railway minister Mukul Roy \u2014 to other members of the New Garia Cooperative Housing Society.The duo got bail the next day, but the uproar caused by the arrests led to the WBHRC taking up the case on its own. The recommendations, which came on Monday, are, however, not binding on the government. Neither will they have any bearing on the ongoing case, which will come up for hearing at Alipore court on September 27. The three-member WBHRC is headed by Justice (retd) Asok Kumar Ganguly, who was part of the two-judge Supreme Court bench that delivered the 2G verdict earlier this year. Its other members are Justice (retd) N C Sil and S N Roy.Quoting Jawaharlal Nehru, the commission said, \"Nehru once said 'it is good to have the veil of our conceit torn occasionally'. Referring to veteran cartoonist Shankar, Nehru also said, 'Don't spare me'\". Wondering why Mahapatra and Sengupta were victimized when \"even during Emergency, when pre-censorship of the press was imposed, pre-censorship on cartoons was lifted after the first the first three months\", it found additional officer-in-charge Milan Das and sub-inspector Sanjay Biswas of East Jadavpur police station guilty of wrongful detention.The commission also observed that the professor and Sengupta were heckled by a group but the police had arrested them instead of coming to their help, despite the fact that Mahapatra had already tendered an unconditional apology. \"SI Biswas rushed to the spot immediately without making any GD (general diary) entry,\" the WBHRC said.The FIR by Amit Sardar \u2014 who the panel noted was neither a resident of the society nor a recipient of the email \u2014 alleged the two had sent emails to society members against the CM and Roy and used offensive language. But \"at the time police arrested the two persons, no FIR was lodged against them and the cartoon, allegedly circulated and which was filed with the FIR, was not even seen by the police,\" the commission said.\"At the time of their arrest, only allegations... were that they circulated by email a cartoon which was derogatory to hon'ble chief minister... Our constitution protects every citizen's fundamental right of free speech and expression... No law in our country prevents criticism against ministers of chief minister however popular they may be or even a door-to-door critical campaign against ministers,\" the WBHRC order said.The commission found nothing wrong with the spoof. \"This cartoon obviously referred to the recent political events in the aftermath of removal of Mr Dinesh Trivedi ... and the appointment of Mr Mukul Roy. No one can attribute even remotely any suggestion which is lewd or indecent and slang ... in respect of the subject. Therefore the case against those persons under Section 509 IPC prima facie does not lie,\" it observed, questioning the grounds for framing of charges.A case is on against Mahapatra and Sengupta on charges of eve-teasing, defamation, humiliating a woman and causing offence using a computer.Mahapatra said, \"I believe that someone superior and not just the policemen were responsible for our arrests. If no action is taken against the 'instructors', such harassment will keep recurring. Also, after the HRC order, there is no justification in the police pursuing the case.\" Sengupta, who is suffering from heart and kidney ailments, said, \"I am not aware of the developments. All I know is that the next court hearing is on September 27.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15483626", "title": "NCP activist robbed in Malad", "text": "NCP worker Rakesh Shetty was robbed and assaulted by an acquaintance and two of his aides at Malad on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484081", "title": "Attack on students: Staff, security guards at Poona College questioned", "text": "PUNE: The Cantonment police on Monday questioned students and staff of the Poona College in Pune Cantonment to identify the suspects involved in last week's attacks on Manipuri students.Police have registered three complaints of rioting against unidentified people for attacking eight students from Manipur inside and outside the college campus on August 8 and 9.However, principal G M Nazeruddin said no students had been questioned.As a preventive measure, security has been beefed up at Poona College, Azam Campus in Pune Cantonment and Nowrosjee Wadia College on Bund Garden Road, which have a large number of students from Manipur.Police have made a list of 1,200 students from Poona College to conduct an inquiry after some victims complained that the attackers were wearing uniforms.Senior police inspector Sushama Chavan, in charge of the Cantonment police, told TOI that they have started questioning college staff, students and security guards to identify the attackers involved in the three incidents. But she did not reveal details of the questioning and said that there had been no progress in the investigations.Speaking to the TOI, deputy commissioner of police (zone II) Ramnath Pokale said police teams were collecting information about the incidents and were trying to identify eyewitnesses who could give information about the attackers.Pokale said the motive behind the attacks can be ascertained only after the suspects are arrested. \"We have issued instructions to educational institutes that fall under zone II and have students from the northeast to remain vigilant to prevent such attacks in future. We held a series of meetings with college authorities and students and appealed to them to maintain peace and seek assistance from the police in emergency situations,\" Pokale added.Nazeruddin said police questioned him and two security guards about the attacks, but said that so far no students had been questioned. \"We are cooperating with the police. We don't know whether the culprits are from the college or outsiders. Police should identify and arrest the culprits as soon as possible,\" he said.Students on the campus told TOI that they were not aware of the attacks nor the suspects involved. They said they came to know about the attacks from media reports.Security guard Nazir Ahmed , who was on duty when the attacks took place, was summoned to the Cantonment police station to record his statement. He also denied seeing the culprits. Ahmed said the incident took place inside the college campus, while he was on duty at the college gate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15485457", "title": "Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth student returns as its vice chancellor", "text": "NAGPUR: \"Nothing can be more rewarding than serving your alma mater, that too on the highest post. But it also equally increases one's responsibilities. I am glad to be getting the opportunity to work as the vice chancellor of Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV), from where I graduated, before going on to work as a scientist at both national and international level,\" said Raviprakash G Dani, who was appointed to the post by Governor K Sankaranaryanan on Monday.Speaking to TOI immediately after being named the new VC, Dani said he is taking the new job as a challenge. Known for his contributions in cotton research and extension work in 32 years as a researcher at the Central Institute of Cotton Research (CICR) in city and its research station at Sirsa in Haryana and the Texas Tech University at Lubbock in USA, Dani has proved to be a good administrator and researcher. Dani would be taking over charge of PDKV on Tuesday afternoon.The selection committee headed by former Supreme Court judge VS Sirpurkar had short listed five names for interviews with the Governor on Monday. Experts surmise that the administrative experience of heading the Sirsa station and the extension station of Texas Tech University as a biologist for over 12 years, and publication of over 116 research papers in national and international journals helped him score over others.Dani hails from Nagpur and was the only candidate from Vidarbha for the job. His father had also worked as head of the department in PDKV.Incidentally, MM Pandey, deputy director general of agriculture engineering in the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), could not make it to the interview. The other three candidates were directors of research of agricultural universities at Parbhani, Rahuri and Dapoli; GR More, Subhash Mehetre and Bhaskar Jadhav respectively.\"It is too premature for me to make any assessment of the university or make any serious commitments, as I am yet to explore the ground realities of administration, extension, research and education, the primary objectives of any agriculture university. But I can surely assure you that I will leave no stone unturned to take my university to newer heights,\" he said.A doctorate in genetics from the Indian Agriculture Research Institute at Delhi, Dani has contributed immensely towards cotton, including release of first ever early maturing cottons with high oil content and fibre yield. Dani's contribution also includes transgenic drought-resistant cotton varieties under the Indian Biotech Project. He also earned recognition for his contribution in first ever public sector export of GM cotton line suitable for commercialization in India, first public sector export of gene contracts conferring stress tolerance, good extension work under lab-to-land programme from 1983-93, and facilitating import of maize En-1 for use at Texas Centre for Genomics and Biotechnology.Interestingly, Dani has written two books as a hobby writer. The first was 'Desi American reflections on suffering change' based on his experiences in the USA, and the second is 'Desi American Imperatives of Change', which is expected to be released in the market this week.Stepping stones to successAdministrative experience of heading Sirsa station and extension station of Texas Tech University as biologist for over 12 yearsPublication of over 116 research papers in national and international journalsDoctorate in genetics from Indian Agriculture Research Institute at DelhiRelease of first ever early maturing cottons with high oil content and fibre yieldDeveloping transgenic drought-resistant cotton varieties under Indian Biotech ProjectFirst ever public sector export of GM cotton line suitable for commercialization in IndiaFirst public sector export of gene contracts conferring stress toleranceExtension work under lab-to-land programme from 1983-93Facilitating import of maize En-1 for use at Texas Centre for Genomics and Biotechnology", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15485703", "title": "Suicide bid by college girl", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A college girl allegedly attempted suicide here on Monday. The Plus III third year commerce student is currently battling for life in Capital Hospital, sources said. Though her motive was not ascertained, she was shifted to the hospital soon after she fainted inside the common room of the college, located within Capital police limits.\"We have not yet received any formal complaint from the college authorities. We are verifying from doctors as to how she fell ill,\" Capital police station inspector Aseem Panda said.Her friends said she gulped some medicines before coming to college. \"She took Rs 70 from me to buy some medicines. Together we reached college around 9.15 am and were chatting in the common room when she became unconscious,\" her friend told mediapersons. The incident came close on the heels of the alleged suicide by an engineering student in Khandagiri area here on August 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15486436", "title": "Madurai is their only Sindh", "text": "MADURAI: On Friday, a small gathering of 28 families met in the heart of Madurai to celebrate 'janmashtami' according to their tradition. It was an occasion for the small association of Sindhis living in Madurai for over half a century to meet each other and bond.Hailing from Shikarpur, now in the Sindh province of Pakistan , these people started migrating from their native place after the partition, seeking refuge in many places in India. \"We went looking for a livelihood, not settling in one place. Those days were never easy or comfortable,\" said Vashdev Gopaldas Talreja, president of the Madurai Sindhi Shikarpur Association. But a few of them chose Madurai as home and settled here just after Independence. He said he had come here as a small boy in 1947, but now Madurai was his home.They, however, speak Sindhi at home. \"It is the only way in which our dialect is passed on to the next generation. But if you ask us, many of us including the middle agers are more fluent in Tamil than Sindhi,\" say Naresh N Chugh and Suraj G Khatri, members of the association. To most of them, Madurai is their home and even the oldest among them, Nanda Lal, has never been to their native place.According to the secretary of the community, Suresh B Raheja, their deity is Jhulelal Sai who is the community god of the Sindhis. They also celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanthi in an elaborate way and their temple, situated in Pappan Kinathu Street near the Meenakshi temple, was constructed in 1954. This shrine also serves as their meeting point. Their deities are decorated with flowers and jewels for festivals and they celebrate all Hindu festivals including Diwali and Holi.Pandit Basudev Panday performed the rituals for the 'janmashtami' pooja, where the idol was decorated for the occasion. Everyone present had a chance to take part in the poojas, from the tiniest child to 75-year-old Nanda Lal. The parents ensure the small ones are brought here so that they can participate in the festivals without fail.Being a small community, they go in search of brides and bridegrooms to north India and the marriage celebrations go on for three days.Food for the Sindhis is a big affair. \"Kadi chawal\" and sweet rotis are some of their special dishes with ghee being the main ingredient in many of their delicacies.\"Thadri\", a festival which is celebrated by them, is one of difference as only food cooked the previous day is served to everyone on that day. \"It is a way of giving rest to the god of fire Agni. Hence the fire is not lit for cooking and women also get a day off,\" said Priya Chugh.These people are diversified in their occupation, some tailors, some in real estate , finance, bankers, business and many others, according to Mahesh Chhabria. They have all contributed to Madurai's development in their own small way.Recently, the ladies joined hands to form the Ladies Chapter of their community, for the purpose of social service. Helping a poor girl with good scores enter engineering college was one of their recent achievements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484193", "title": "Manipur student scared to step out", "text": "PUNE: Mataimi Rungsung (29) of Manipur usually walks with his friends to his house in Kondhwa from the retail store in Pune Camp where he works. On Sunday, though, he was walking back alone as his friends, all from the northeast, had decided not to report for work because of the ongoing attacks in Pune. Around 8 pm, when he was about to reach home, he was attacked by a group of teenagers.\"The three attackers followed me for a while. They looked like teenagers, may be between 16 and 17 years of age. I could not see their faces in the dark. They did not say anything but attacked me suddenly. They kicked me on the back, slapped me and punched me in the face. I shouted for help and asked them why they were doing this,\" he said.Fortunately, nearby residents heard his cries and rushed to his help quickly. The attackers ran away.Rungsung has filed a complaint with the Kondhwa police station. He did not receive any visible injuries, but is so scared that he has taken leave from work. \"I will stay in Pune if the situation improves. Otherwise, it is better to leave and go back to Manipur. I have not even told my parents about the incident because I do not want to scare them,\" said Rungsung, who is pursuing his master's as an external student from the University of Pune.\"I feel scared to go out now, especially at night. It's risky in the Kondhwa and Pune Camp areas. The attack was so sudden that I am still in a state of shock,\" he said.Shimreiwung Zimik, his roommate, said, \"Rungsung looked shocked and terrified after the incident, but is doing better now. He called up the retail store manager on Monday morning and told him he would not report to work for a few days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15485045", "title": "Lack of coordination puts Esplanade's facelift on hold", "text": "KOLKATA: The beautification drive by Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) in and around the Esplanade area has run into rough weather. The Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) finds it difficult to plan a major beautification drive in and around Esplanade area.Though a delegation comprising officials from the KMC and the state Public Works Department (PWD) conducted a made an on the spot survey of the Esplanade and Chowringhee areas about a week ago and took note of the spots which need to be spruced up and beautified, the civic officials are yet to take a decision on planning the drive because of lack of coordination between PWD and civic officials.The drive was supposed to give Curzon Park and the bus stand near Shahid Minar, among other areas, a facelift.Take for example, the case of Curzon Park. Curzon Park, located opposite Raj Bhavan, was taken up for renovation and beautification six months back. Though the KMC parks department initiated the beautification work, no major change could be brought in to the parkthe present state of the park located at the heart of the city.A senior official of the KMC parks department said that the renovation plan could not be completed owing to paucity of funds and lack of coordination between the KMC and the state PWD. \"We have completed only a part of the beautification of the entire park. We need to take up the tram depot and its adjoining areas located within the Curzon Park complex for renovation and beautification. But, no funds have been sanctioned either by KMC or PWD. PWD officials are now mum on the issue,\" a KMC official said. The official felt that like Curzon Park, beautification of other areas in Esplanade may get hampered due to the funds crunch.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee, however, said that the area will be beautified in a major way.keenness on going for the beautification in a major way.\"We have surveyed the entire area and want to bring a major change in terms of cleanliness and beautification. A detailed plan for beautification will be prepared by an architect in consultation with city planners,\" Chatterjee said. The civic body will undertake the beautification work in phases, he added.In the first phase, KMC will spruce up the bus terminus adjacent to Shahid Minar. The civic body will then take up renovation of Curzon Park. Besides, the KMC civil engineering department will also take up beautification of also give a facelift to Manohar Das Tarag, a waterbody located opposite Lindsay Street. \"The bus terminus near Shahid Minar is lying in a shambles. We need to take up this area first and spruce it up in coordination with the state PWD. We will talk to the Army authorities for the approval required,\" Chatterjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484833", "title": "Man jumps off Metro station", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 35-year-old unemployed man died after allegedly jumping off the Madipur Metro station in west Delhi around 9.30pm on Sunday. Doctors confirmed the death four hours later after trying to revive him several times.The deceased, identified as Kailash \u2014 a resident of Madipur, was reportedly depressed over not being able to find a job. He was married with three children.On Sunday night, Kailash had a fight with his wife and stormed out of home. Police said this quarrel might have been the trigger. Kailash walked till the Metro station and reportedly waited for a few minutes. Then he jumped from the building before CISF officials could spot him. Passengers immediately informed police and CISF about the incident.This is the tenth such attempt at a Metro station in the past five months. \"Suicides are turning out to be a big problem for our schedule and affecting our general psyche. We have tried out several methods to prevent suicides but none has been full-proof.Everything happens in a split second before anybody can react,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484530", "title": "HRD panel picks \u2018tainted\u2019 prof as IIT Kharagpur director", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the HRD ministry, one hand does not know what the other is doing. How else does one explain the search-cum-selection committee zeroing in on P P Chakrabarti as its first choice for the post of director, IIT Kharagpur, while ignoring the crucial fact that the CBI had recommended penalty against him in the coalnet scam and even the CAG had pointed out gross violations.The search-cum-selection committee is headed by HRD minister Kapil Sibal and consists of chairpersons of UGC; AICTE; Shiv Nadar, chairperson of IIT Kharagpur, and Kris Gopalakrishnan of Infosys as members.Sources said CBI's recommendation against Chakrabarti was not brought to the panel's notice. But that is not going to help since the ministry's vigilance department would not give its clearance to Chakrabarti in the light of CBI's recommendation. In the past, too, the vigilance department had said that there is prima facie case against Chakrabarti and others. Besides, without vigilance clearance, his name cannot be sent to the President for approval. Already, the appointment of A K Bhowmick, another IIT Kharagpur professor indicted by the CBI in the coalnet scam, as director of IIT Patna without vigilance clearance has caused embarrassment to the ministry.In its report on the coalnet scam, CBI had stated that Bhowmick, as dean of Sponsored Research and Industrial Consultancy Centre, accepted the work order issued by Coal India Limited (CIL), which prohibited outsourcing without CIL's approval. \"Still he outsourced the entire job to another firm and thus violated the condition of work order,\" the CBI report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15483831", "title": "I still believe I could have done much more: JAC chairperson Laxmi Singh", "text": "RANCHI: Laxmi Singh, chairperson of the Jharkhand Academic Council, brought about a host of positive changes in JAC during her tenure in the past three years. However, she also faced opposition from students and the HRD department.You have done many things at JAC during your tenure of three years. What according to you are your achievements?A. I have been able to put JAC on the right track and it is able to function smoothly now. Earlier, there was no file system. I introduced file system and a recognizable hierarchy. Now every officer is answerable for the work he has been allotted.What new facilities have you introduced for students?Earlier, the term of registration in JAC for students was only three years, and after three years the student was not allowed to sit for any examination conducted by JAC. I introduced the system of re-registration so that students didn't have to face any problem. Now a file of every student is being maintained by us. I also started the system of tatkal scrutiny for students who have to take admission for engineering or medical.What according to you has been your biggest achievement here?During my tenure, the task of recruitment was given to JAC for the first time. We organized two recruitment examinations and are going to organize a third one on August 29. I think this is a big achievement.Students who pass out from JAC complain about poor marks when compared to the CBSE board. Why is it so?We are strict in our evaluation, we don't throw away marks as in the CBSE board. I think students will learn to value marks only when they really earn it. This year the pass percentage took a jump by 20% as we organized various workshops for evaluators, question setters and teachers. This is also a big achievement. We are expecting a better pass percentage next year.What is JAC's biggest hurdle?JAC has 352 posts but they have not been cleared by the HRD department on grounds of reservation, and unless it is done, JAC cannot recruit. We have people working but we cannot fit them in a particular post and delegate duties.The trained graduate teachers' recruitment examination was to be held in May but it was cancelled by HRD. You said that JAC suffered a loss of Rs 50 lakh....please comment.We have to follow the orders of HRD. But it was really insensitive on the part of HRD department to cancel the examination after all preparations were done. We had printed the question papers and admit cards. We ended up suffering a loss of Rs 50 lakh. The government does not pay us a single rupee. We run on fees of students. What HRD did was unforgivable as it was the money of students that was wasted.The recruitment of post graduate teachers has also come under flak. People claim that 70 per cent of the recruited teachers belonged to other states...The fact is that out of 1,278 recruited teachers only 228 were outsiders. Outsiders are placed in the general category and there have been a total recruitment of 750 general candidates. So mathematically speaking only 30 per cent of the general candidates were outsiders.What would you like to do for JAC before you leave?I am working on complete computerization of records. Also, I want to establish our own printing press.Are you satisfied with your term here?I still think I could have done much more for JAC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484211", "title": "Man regrets attack on Nagaland student", "text": "PUNE: Mohsin Alam Shaikh alias Chikna (26), one of the men involved in the attack on a student from Nagaland on Saturday, said he and his friends targeted anybody who looked \"chini\" in the Kondhwa area.A repentant Mohsin surrendered before the Kondhwa police on Monday. The police have also arrested one Nilesh Sathe (30) of Kondhwa in connection with the attacks.In his confessional statement, Mohsin claimed that every youth in the Kondhwa area had the MMS clip purportedly showing violence against Muslims in Burma . \"I did not know the exact location of the incident in the clip. I was angry when I saw \"chinis\" attacking and killing our men,\" he said.Senior inspector Prasad Hasabnis of the Kondhwa police station told TOI that Mohsin came to his office and admitted his involvement in the crime. \"He and his friends had attacked Rokuozetuo Ltu (25) of Kondhwa Khurd and two of his friends,\" Hasabnis said.Mohsin works as a welder in a fabrication workshop in Kondhwa.Mohsin said there were quite a few people with Mongoloid features living in Kondhwa, so he decided to target them. \"I knew that some of them lived in the Mithanagar area. I went to the building with three of my friends. At the entrance of the building, I asked children playing there about them. They showed me the flat. The children also alerted others in the area and a mob of around 20 people gathered there,\" he said.Mohsin and his friends knocked on the door of the flat and asked Ltu to go down with them. \"I picked up an iron rod from his flat,\" he said.When they went down, Ltu realised what was going on and started running. \"Before we could do anything, the mob started thrashing him. I also hit him with the rod.\"Mohsin said he felt guilty when he heard that innocent people were being targeted in Pune. \"I am the only son of my parents and a father of two. I decided to surrender to the police,\" he said.Senior inspector of the Kondhwa police station Prasad Hasabnis said the other man arrested on Sunday, Nilesh Sathe, told the cops that he attacked people from the northeast because someone told him that they had beaten up his friends. \"Sathe had not seen the MMS clip,\" Hasabnis said. The police will produce Mohsin and Sathe in court on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15483884", "title": "Owner moves HC for damages over dead bull", "text": "MUMBAI: The death of a runaway sacrificial bull is at the centre of a magisterial inquiry.The bull\u2014purchased from Deonar by Nagpada resident Muzamil Ansari for about Rs 25,000\u2014was almost 300 kg and fully grown. But last October (around Bakri-Id), before he could be tethered after reaching Ansari's premises at Nagpada, he gave his new owner the slip.Ansari who runs bakeries, lost his bull and also found that the D B Marg police station had registered a case against him for various lapses in taking care of an animal. The police had the bull. That's when the owner got bullish, too. He approached the Bombay high court through his lawyer Firoz Ansari with a habeas corpus writ (to produce the bull before the court). He sought its release from police custody. The police had in turn placed the bull in a cattle pound of the BMC. On Nov 25, 2011, the bull died. Ansari sought compensation from the BMC over its death.Ansari had paid the BMC its charges for keeping the bull. But last month, the BMC F/south ward assistant health officer informed the HC that the bull had died in its cattle pound. Ansari, in turn, alleged that the BMC had killed the bull, which it kept illegally in different cattle pounds and had no business to give it for adoption to a third party when the matter was pending before a Girgaum magistrate. The BMC has unauthorisedly given it for adoption against court orders, said Ansari demanding that he be compensated for the loss.Justices Ajay Khanwilkar and A R Joshi on Monday noted that the cause of the bull's death was being inquired into by the magistrate who would pass an appropriate order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15485426", "title": "17 disgruntled corporators meet civic chief", "text": "NAGPUR: Continuing to exert pressure on Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), 17 independent and small party corporators are planning to part ways from the BJP-led Nagpur Vikas Aghadi (NVA). The group met new municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane on Monday afternoon \"just to make him aware about their separate stand in the ruling party\".The 17 corporators had helped BJP retain power in the NMC. But after some of their demands were not fulfilled by mayor Anil Sole and chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari a month ago, they decided to form a group and part ways. Since then, the group is maintaining pressure on the BJP leadership.Sources said that the group held meeting on Sunday at the NMC head office and discussed in length about the plans to resign from all posts. \"Interestingly all of them came up with individual resignation letters and planning a date to meet with Sole and leader of ruling party Praveen Datke.\"On Monday, during their meeting with Wardhane, the group just introduced themselves. One corporator said, \"We just wanted to introduce ourselves to the new civic chief. We didn't demand anything. We will first resolve our issues with the BJP leaders and then take any step.\"However, the group has hot up political atmosphere in the NMC by meeting Wardhane.However, not taking things lightly the BJP leaders kept a strict vigil on the movement of the group. Few of the 17 corporators were seen in mayor's office in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15485235", "title": "Jagan assets case: Minister, IAS officers named in CBI chargesheet", "text": "HYDERABAD: Roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao and IAS officers M Samuel and Manmohan Singh faced the prospects of being jailed after they were named accused in the Vanpic aspect of the Jagan assets case.In the chargesheet that was filed in the trial court by the CBI on Monday, Dharmana was named accused number 5, while Manmohan Singh and Samuel figured as accused numbers 7 and 8 respectively. Jaganmohan Reddy is accused No 1, V Vijay Sai Reddy accused No 2, Nimmagadda Prasad accused No 3 and former minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana is accused No 4 in the case.All of them, including Dharmana and the two IAS officers, were charged with offences committed under the IPC including criminal conspiracy (120-B), criminal breach of trust by a public servant (409), cheating (419 and 420), forgery for the purpose of cheating (468), using as genuine a forged document which is known to be forged (471), falsification of accounts (477A), and under sections 9, 11, 13 (2) read with 13 (1), (c) and (d) of the Prevention of Corruption Act.Dharmana was the revenue minister during the YSR regime of 2004 to 2009 including the period 2008-09 when the state government allotted over 20,000 acres of land in Guntur and Prakasam districts for the Vadarevu and Nizampatnam Ports and Industrial Corridor (Vanpic) project. Most of it was 'assigned land' and cannot be alienated to third parties as per the provisions of Assignment Lands Act. However, the YSR regime found a way through by bringing in two amendments and made the allotment. The validity of these amendments were challenged before the AP high court. M Samuel, presently chief commissioner of land administration (CCLA) and special chief secretary, environment, forests, science and technology, was principal secretary, revenue, and Manmohan Singh principal secretary in the infrastructure and investments department at the time the Vanpic deal was struck between the state of AP and the state of Ras Al Khaimah in 2008.Ministers, bureaucrats cheated state, alleges CBIAccording to the chargesheet, ministers Mopidevi and Dharamana and the bureaucrats including Manmohan and Samuel had all acted with a clear conspiracy to cheat the state and to enrich themselves at the cost of the state and its assets. They never informed the state about the extent of land they needed for completing this project, it said, and added that the plan of the co-conspirators was to acquire more than 28,000 acres. Though the project never took off, they already started selling the land to third parties. The cabinet memorandum says one thing and the concession agreement attached to it says another. The concession agreement was brought into force with a lot of unauthorized sops to private players which the government never intended to give. One such sop was transferring the assets completely to the private players. On the contrary, the cabinet memorandum approved by the state says that the assets will remain with the state after the agreement with the foreign player is over.The CBI had earlier arrested former excise minister Mopidevi Venkataramana who was looking after the ports portfolio at the time of the deal and Indian railway officer Brahmananda Reddy who was on deputation as secretary in the infrastructure and investment department. It also arrested industrialist Nimmagadda Prasad, whom the investigating agency has described as the kingpin in the case for his dubious role in the deal as an agent of RAK. He came as a facilitator between AP and RAK for setting up Vanpic project that includes two ports in Guntur and Prakasam districts and an industrial corridor between them and sought as much as 28,000 acres of land for the same.Though a special purpose vehicle - Vanpic Ports Ltd, was floated to construct the project, it was sidelined with a specific design. Also added as accused is Prasad's brother Nimmagadda Prakash who in connivance with his brother floated a suspicious firm called Vanpic Projects Pvt Ltd and got all the land acquired for the government to government project registered in the name of his firm with a clear design to corner them, the CBI chargesheet says. Vanpic Projects company too was added as an accused in the case. The other accused entities are Jagati Publications (A-11), Raghuram Cements/Bharati Cements (A-12), Carmel Asia Holdings (A-13) and Silicon Builders (A-14). This is the fourth chargesheet the CBI has filed in the court in the Jagan assets case.Land allotment not my brief, Rao says\"In AP, the revenue minister cannot allot a single acre of land without cabinet approval. Once the cabinet takes the decision, the note goes to the secretary for the GO to be drafted. The minister does not even have the opportunity to check whether the GO draft was consistent with what was discussed in the cabinet. \"In such a situation, how can the revenue minister be made responsible for land allotments,\" he asked.However, he refused to attribute motives for inclusion of his name in the chargesheet. Stating that he has not seen the chargesheet copy, he said he would be able to talk more about his role only after going through it. \"As far as Vanpic is concerned, I have no role whatsoever. No file contains my notings,\" he asserted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15485052", "title": "An 'Independence-Day' gift for father in form of medal", "text": "MOHALI: Col (Retd) Tej Prakash Singh Suri had lost all hope of ever getting back the Maha Vir Chakra that was awarded to his son Captain Gurjinder Singh posthumously for his bravery while fighting terrorists in Kashmir in 1999. The medal was stolen from his house in Mohali, Phase XI, six years ago. But his joy knew no bounds on Sunday when he received an 'Independence Day gift' in a parcel which contained his son's medal.\"The honour has been restored,\" smiled Suri. Gurjinder, who laid down his life for the country, had gunned down three terrorists in Kashmir on November 9, 1999 and was honoured with the second highest gallantry award posthumously. He was attached with the 12 Bihar Regiment.Suri said that in the last week of July he got a call from Squadron Leader (retd) T P S Chinna from Delhi. \"Chinna told me that he happened upon my son's Maha Vir Chakra quite by chance and said that he wanted to give it to me. When I asked him as to how he got the medal, Chinna said that he had gone to an antique shop with his friend, which is where he spotted the medal with the Indian Commission number and Gurjinder Singh's name engraved on it. After getting the address from the Army's headquarters he contacted me and then sent the medal through courier,\" said Suri.Col Suri beamed, \"I am the happiest person in the world as the most precious thing of my life, my son's medal is back with me.\" This welcome turn of events happened at a time when he had lost all hope of gettingback the medal as even the police had failed to trace the thieves or the stolen items from the house including the medal in the burglary that took place in his house in May 2006. The case, in fact had been closed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15486202", "title": "London to New York in an hour? Key test today", "text": "LONDON: London to New York in one hour? US military is ready to test a radical new hypersonic aircraft that can reach a speed of 4,500 mph within seconds. The aircraft, called the X-51A Waverider, is currently being prepared at Edwards Air Force Base in the Mojave Desert.It uses a revolutionary 'scramjet' engine that allows it to travel at hypersonic speeds and it will be dropped from a B-52 bomber in its latest test on Tuesday, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Attached to a B-52 bomber's wing, it will be taken from Edwards to about 50,000 feet over the Pacific Ocean near Point Mugu. Hypersonic flight is seen as the next step for aircraft. The WaveRider program is estimated to cost $140 million, according to Globalsecurity.org, a website for military policy research.It has had a mixed history, with previous tests being aborted after the engine stalled. The latest test will see the craft freefall for four seconds over the Pacific before its booster rocket engine ignites and propels the nearly wingless aircraft for 300 seconds before being jettisoned.Then the cruiser's scramjet engine, notable because it has virtually no moving parts, ignites.The WaveRider is expected to accelerate to about Mach 6 as it climbs to nearly 70,000 feet, the Los Angeles Times reported. After 300 seconds of flight, the WaveRider is set to break up after splashing into the Pacific, as planned.There are no plans to recover the WaveRider.The cruiser is designed to ride its own shock wave. That's how the X-51 earned the WaveRider nickname. \"The X-51 is a technology feeder to larger, more sustained flight times,\" said Darryl W. Davis, president of Boeing Phantom Works, which built the cruiser. \"The hope is to advance state of the art.\" agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15483935", "title": "Montek Singh Ahluwalia measures for optimum use of Jharkhand resources", "text": "RANCHI: Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia has proposed outsourcing of verification work of development projects to private agencies to get rid of red-tape in government and also address the problem of manpower shortage. He said this in context of delays in execution of government programmes in the states during a two-day visit to Jharkhand.\"Physical verification of development projects is a huge task and this is often delayed due to shortage of manpower in the bureaucracy,\" Ahluwalia told TOI during an exclusive interaction on Sunday.In 2011-12, the Planning Commission had approved a plan budget of Rs 15,300 crore for Jharkhand, but by end of the fiscal year the amount was reduced to around Rs 12,300 crore as the state failed to generate matching resources. Ahluwalia said missing the deadline for submission of utilization certificates may have led to the state's loss in plan budget.The plan panel in 2012-13 has once again approved a Rs 16,300-crore budget for the state, but it remains to be seen if Jharkhand would be able to generate matching revenues and spend the approved budget this financial year.Both the Centre and the states have been in favour of outsourcing document verification work to private agencies as it would address the acute manpower crunch in the bureaucracy. \"These days, Central schemes are mostly small projects under Integrated Action Plan (IAP) or Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) and it is difficult to buy explanations of not having physical capacity for the exercise,\" he said.Ahluwalia said outsourcing of verification work to third party agencies can happen only with the consent of the Comptroller and Auditor General. \"The existing system is old fashioned and not designed for detailed scrutiny,\" he said.Ahluwalia said the 12th Five Year Plan would focus on health wherein the states' expenditure on healthcare has to be doubled and skilled resources upgraded. His concern holds good at least for Jharkhand, which will have to increase its health budget from around Rs 600 crore to Rs 1,200 crore this fiscal if this happens.\"District hospitals will have to be upgraded to medical colleges and the Centre is pushing for 500-bed hospitals in the districts. Districts can also start with 300-bed hospitals which will have to be increased to 500 within three years. There has to be a major expansion in the number of nurses and the primary health centres will have to distribute medicines free,\" said Ahluwalia.He added that the Centre would also incentivize a better drug procurement system. \"States should come up with drug procurement agencies on the model of Tamil Nadu as it will ensure free availability of medicines and also help prevent financial irregularities in drug procurement,\" Ahluwalia saidReferring to coal production in the state, Ahluwalia said that coking coal production was suffering in Jharkhand due to poor infrastructure and rail connectivity, which has not been able to take off due to lack of forest clearance. \"The state and forest ministry should work in tandem with the railways to have the project cleared,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15485925", "title": "Case sought against colleges for evading I-Day prep", "text": "JALANDHAR: Jalandhar deputy commissioner Priyank Bharti has written to deputy commissioner of police Sarabjit Singh for registering a case against five college principals under provisions of The Prevention of Insults to National Honour Act, 1971. KMV College for Women, Doaba College, DAV College, B D Arya Girls College and Khalsa College for Women did not attend preparatory programmes for the Independence Day celebrations. The DC claimed that a letter had been sent to the colleges on July 24 asking them to participate in the Independence Day programmes but neither did they attend meeting nor respond to notices issued by his office.Cong for Sukhbir's resignation over dismal Olympic show: Congress has demanded that deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal not only resign as sports minister of Punjab for the dismal performance of sportspersons from Punjab in the Olympics but also deposit the entire expenditure incurred by his entourage to London with the public exchequer. \"States like Haryana and Himachal Prdesh have brought laurels to India with their sportsmen shining in London,\" said former Congress MLA Sukhpal Khaira.Youth protest teargas deaths, seek probe: Members of Punjab Students Union (PSU) and Naujawan Bharat Sabha staged a dharna on Monday against the killing of two persons in teargas shelling by police in Akalia village in the district on July 24. The dharna was held in front of the DC office in Mansa. The protesters demanded punishment to guilty policemen and investigation to be handed over to a sitting judge of high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "sabong (west midnapore)", "code": "15485121", "title": "Man nabbed for rape of doctor\u2019s wife", "text": "SABONG (WEST MIDNAPORE): Police have nabbed a suspect in the gangrape of a doctor's wife in West Midnapore's Sabong on Sunday night.A gang of robbers had raided the victim's home and looted five bhoris of gold and a large amount in cash. They also raped the doctor's wife. But feeling ashamed, the victim's husband only lodged a complaint of theft on Sunday afternoon. In the evening, he called police to inform them of the rape.Late on Sunday night, police raided Kedurbar village and arrested Bharat Santra, 32, as a suspect. A Midnapore court remanded him in judicial custody for 14 days. The woman will be asked to identify him from a line-up. She has been taken for a medical check-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15485501", "title": "Cracks on LIC building not caused by metro work", "text": "CHENNAI: The Life Insurance Corporation building on Anna Salai is safe, an IIT Madras team that inspected cracks on the building has said. The checks followed claims that digging by metro rail using heavy equipment near the landmark building had caused the cracks.The report by some IIT-M professors said the cracks existed since long and were plastered over before metro started work.\"Fresh cracks did not develop. All visible cracks existed on the building before a vibro hammer was used. Subsequent opening of the cracks were because of structural reasons including vibration,\" says the report, according to a CMRL official.It also says that vibrations from the work site have not transferred to the building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "15484798", "title": "Shuttler Aditi Mahajan on a roll, returns with 4 titles", "text": "BRS NAGAR: A fan of Malaysian badminton player Lee Chong Wei and Indian badminton star Saina Nehwal , Aditi Mahajan of BRS Nagar has won four titles in open state junior level badminton championship that was held at Jalandhar recently. She has won under 17 and under 19 singles, under 19 girls doubles and under 19 mixed doubles. Besides, she was runners-up in under-17 doubles titles.After the success, Aditi, 15, is focusing on national-level tournaments. About her Jalandhar tournament, she said talented players from all over the state had participated in it and everyone appreciated her game. In under-17 title, she beat Harloveleen Kaur Bhatti of Sangrur by 21-10, 21-11 and in under 19 singles, she defeated Deepansha of Jalandhar by 21-17 and 21-14.In her under-19 doubles title match, she was paired with Harloveleen and they defeated Anshika and Trisha of Patiala by 21-12 and 21-13. She said in mixed doubles title, her partner was Preet Inder Singh Grewal and they defeated Kashish Sharma and Sumedha Aggarwal of Jalandhar by 21-12 and 21-14.\"It was a great tournament. I participated in both under-17 and under-19 competitions. In under-17 doubles competition, we were beaten by Anshika and Trisha of Patiala (19-21, 21-18 and 21-15). My partner in it was Sumedha Aggarwal of Jalandhar,\" she added. Aditi, a student of DAV School, Sarabha Nagar, said her aim was to represent the country at international level. A trainee at PAU badminton academy under coach Charanjeet Singh, she said, \"Much needs to be done to promote the game and encourage the budding players.\"Her mother, Pooja Mahajan, said, \"We hope she will continue to shine in the game.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "15484419", "title": "Kids warm up to yellow", "text": "DUGRI: Pre-nursery and nursery kids of Cherubs The Preschool celebrated Yellow Colour Day on Monday. The campus was decorated to the occasion and the staff and students came dressed in yellow attires. The event aimed at acquainting the kids with the colour.The children participated in various games. A drawing and collage-making competition was also organized following which kids recited poems that had yellow as the theme. Balloons, ribbons and soft toys decked up the campus.\"My daughter, Krishika, was very excited about the celebration as yellow is her favourite colour. She bought a dress especially for the occasion,\" said Manisha Uppal, a resident of Gill Road.\"My daughter, Sanan, recited a poem. The event has helped her identify the colour,\" said Yogita Arora of Phase II, Dugri.The day also saw the children celebrating their friend Mankirat Singh's birthday on the campus. Mankirat, a resident of Basant Avenue, celebrated his second birthday by cutting a cake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15484292", "title": "Gujarat wants portion of oil cess to fight pollution", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat government will raise the issue of releasing a portion of money collected as oil cess and deposited in the Central government coffers.The Gujarat Maritime Board (GMB) collects 50 paise per ton from crude oil carriers as oil cess and has deposited nearly Rs 5 crore with the Centre till date. GMB officials said that the money from oil cess will be used for mitigating sea pollution.The issue, which has been raised with the union shipping ministry in the past, is likely to be raised at the next meeting of the Maritime States Development Council (MSDC) scheduled to be held in September.\"We deposit about Rs 5 crore per annum with the Central government as the oil pollution cess. We should be getting back some portion of it. Having already spent Rs 50 lakh for maintaining an agency, we require money for combating oil pollution in future also. Where is the money going to come from?\" said the official.Gujarat has been at the forefront of states demanding that the oil pollution cess collected by the maritime states and given to the Centre must get a portion of the funds back so that they can take effective steps for tackling oil pollution at their end. The state has been paying sizeable oil cess given the number of crude oil vessels berthing in its waters, especially after the Reliance and Essar refineries became operational.The issue was first raised in the MSDC meeting of 2009 and again at the 12th MSDC meeting held in Chennai by authorities of the Gujarat Maritime Board. Thereafter, reminders have been sent to the union ministry of shipping, road transport and highways. Gujarat has said that it has already spent about Rs 50 lakh for maintaining an oil pollution mitigation agency named M/S Home Engineering.\"In the last MSDC meeting, it was informed that the ministry will provide assistance for fighting oil pollution at the major and non-major ports. But there is no word on what will be the details of the scheme since then,\" said a senior GMB official. The funds from oil cess pool will help GMB augment pollution combating equipment and technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15485334", "title": "Food and drug administration looking for land to set up modern lab in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: The food and drug administration (FDA) is looking for a two-acre land in the city to set up a state-of-the-art laboratory. \"Right now the lab here is situated in a 5,000 sq ft rented place. But as part of modernization we have plans to set up new labs at several cities including Pune, Nashik, Aurangabad, Nagpur and Kolhapur. While in Pune and other places land has been acquired, we are yet to get it here,\" said minister of food and drug administration Manohar Naik.The senior NCP leader from Pusad was here to interact with party men and hold review of his department's work following its recent decision to impose ban of 'gutkha' (betel nut, tobacco-based products) all over the state. He said the state has sealed a 'gutkha' factory at Jalna and has conducted raids at several outlets confiscating material worth lakhs of rupees. \"However, as the court has ordered that the seized material should not be destroyed till a final order in the case, we are preserving it. The next hearing is on August 16,\" he said.The minister said that unlike last time when the gutkha ban under FDA Act (1954) could not stand in court, this time a stronger law framed by the Centre - the Food Security and Standards Act 2009 - would make the ban tenable. \"We are firm on continuing the ban because chemicals like magnesium carbonate used in manufacturing gutkha has dangerous health consequences and a large section of young generation is affected by it,\" said Naik. He added that the alternative of 'kharra' or 'mava' that pan kiosks are resorting to, will also face a clampdown as any mixing of betel nut and tobacco is not allowed under the new law.The FDA is also gearing up to act against fruit dealers using chemicals like carbide gasses to artificially ripen bananas and other fruits. State food and civic supplies minister Anil Deshmukh and former minister Ramesh Bang and city NCP president Ajay Patil were present at the meeting at Ganeshpeth office of the NCP.Funds diversion: Netas ignorantNationalist Congress Party (NCP) ministers from Vidarbha - Anil Deshmukh and Manohar Naik - on Monday feigned total ignorance about alleged diversion of funds to the tune of Rs1 lakh crore meant for Vidarbha and Marathwada by the more influential western Maharashtra where NCP dominates.\"I am not aware of any such major diversion. In regular cabinet meetings, no one has ever broached this issue of diversion of funds allocated to the statutory development boards,\" said Deshmukh.He was replying to reporters' queries on inaction by ministers and MLAs from Vidarbha over the diversion of developmental funds. When told that Vidarbha Statutory Development Board (VSDB) expert member MG Kimmatkar has made this serious allegation, he said that he would try to get the information and ascertain the facts.However, Deshmukh said that on the initiative of NCP supremo Sharad Pawar , the Union agriculture ministry has come out with a Rs3,600 crore water conservation plan specially for Vidarbha to be implemented in five years. \"Rs700 crore has already been released for the current year,\" he said praising his leader for taking special care of Vidarbha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15484393", "title": "Human Rights Commission notice to officials on school vans", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Human Rights Commission (UPHRC) while taking suo motu cognizance of a news report published in The Times of India on Monday under the headline \"Unfit school vans put life of your tiny tots in danger\" has issued notices to principal secretary (transport), transport commissioner, DGP, DM, SP (Traffic) and Regional Transport Officer, Lucknow.UPHRC member Justice Vishnu Sahai has directed them to launch a campaign on a war footing to ensure that by September 4, 2012, the vehicles ferrying schoolchildren are road worthy and comply with all the legal requirements.\"The RTO, Lucknow and SP (traffic), Lucknow henceforth shall intensively check vehicles transporting children to schools and they should take strict action against owners/drivers etc. of those vehicles which do not fulfill the legal requirements,\" directed Justice Sahai.He said the report states that despite repeated warnings issued by the RTO, a major chunk of school vehicles in Lucknow either do not possess mandatory permits to operate for school transportation or their fitness certificates expired long back.He has directed the commission to put up the matter before him for orders on September 6. He has also summoned RTO Lucknow and SP (Traffic) on the said date alongwith report detailing the action taken in compliance of this order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15485732", "title": "Doctors issue threat of mass resignation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Disheartened by the Supreme Court's decision to make admission in Post Graduate medical courses on the basis of merit and banning additional percentage for government employees, doctors working in rural areas have threatened to go for mass resignation.\"Healthcare in rural and tribal areas has been improving for the past few years because of the commitment of doctors working there. The additional weightage in PG exam also encouraged many to join government service in interior areas. But since the government failed in its promise, most of the doctors lost interest in working in adverse conditions and are planning to quit,\" said a doctor working in an interior area of Sundergarh district.The doctors urged the state government to file a writ petition for a full bench hearing in the Supreme Court, challenging the previous decision. The provision of giving weightage to in-service doctors is there in the guidelines of the Medical Council of India and also operational in Madhya Pradesh and Tamil Nadu .The decision of the Supreme Court also came after three months of admission and around 60 doctors had to lose their PG seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15486723", "title": "Kanpur Street in London", "text": "KANPUR: The landmarks of freedom struggle may have vanished from city but remain on the streets of London. Only a few people are aware that there is a street in London named as Kanpur Street. It was named after 1857 mutiny.The story behind the creation of Kanpur Street in London belonged to the pages of first Indian Freedom struggle in the mid of 18th century. The industrial city (Cawnpore at that time) is famous to trigger off the first War of Independence on June 27, 1857.\"As many as 300 British men, women and children were butchered at Massacre ghat (Sattichaura Ghat at that time). Those who escaped were later killed at what came to be known as 'Bibighar Massacre' in Nana Rao Park (formerly known as Queen's Park). The Ghat was renamed as Nana Rao Ghat as the rebellion was believed to have been led by Nana Sahib and later termed as Massacre Ghat, a name given by Britishers,\" SP Singh, HoD, history, Christ Church College, said.According to Indian historical texts, the Britishers were very annoyed with this incident and constructed a street in London called 'Kanpur Street'.In 1858, the Britishers had constructed a marble statue of an 'angel' with carved railings in the memory of those who were killed in 1857 Bibighar Massacre. This statue had been shifted to Souls Church in Cantt.This has been done to protect this memory of Britishers from euphoric crowd. These structures are still well preserved in Church compound with the number of graves of the Britishers killed in 1857 massacre.Talking about the importance of other ghats of the city in reference to freedom struggle, the historian said that Sarsaiya Ghat too has significance. It is the place from where the tradition of Ganga Mela started which has both a historical and religious connection.\"The Britishers arrested nearly two dozen people to resist the freedom struggle in 1942. But within a few days of arrest they had to released after a protracted struggle by freedom fighters and locals. These arrested people were released on Anuradha Nakshatra. The people celebrated the release of these freedom fighters by playing colours and hence the festival of Ganga Mela has become a regular feature of Holi,\" Singh added.\"It is also believed that Nana Shaheb has constructed a tunnel which was connected to Bithoor. His army used to fight with Britishers via this tunnel. But no clear evidences are there in this context,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15484450", "title": "Panjab University braveheart to be honoured", "text": "August 23 is set to be a cherished date for Mukesh Kumar, who graduated from University School of Open Learning (USOL) in 2011 from Panjab University, and his wife Poonam, an LLB student at Department of Laws. Years after Mukesh, a table tennis champion, saved a child from getting crushed under a speeding train at Bhiwani, Haryana, and lost one leg in the process, a student group from his alma mater is honouring him for the first time.A sense of gratitude and pure joy surrounds this young couple to be invited to varsity, who are also Para-Olympic gold-medalists in table tennis. \"It gives a sense of deep satisfaction that my alma mater is calling me back, if not PU authorities recognition by a student group is great,\" says Mukesh. While Poonam won a gold medal at Thailand Open Championship last year in the T-6 category, Mukesh also grabbed a gold medal in the T-7 category for disabled sportspersons. In 2004, a year after he saved the child, Mukesh was conferred with \"Jeevan Raksha Padak\" for his act of bravery by the president of India.\"We had no financial assistance either from PU or Haryana. We have been sustaining ourselves through struggle and hardship,\" adds Mukesh, who has visited Japan, Belgium, France, Malaysia for tournaments.Mukesh completed his graduation and MA from USOL, while his wife Poonam, whom he met while studying at PU, did her MA and then enrolled for evening batch of LLB.As a ritual each year, the ABVP volunteers at PU organize an event to honour the top rank holders of various departments. This year, a host of other students who have represented PU in the field of art and culture at national and international platform are also being honoured.\"We have invited Mukesh and his wife to set an example for other PU students,\" says Parvesh Chandel, a student of School of Communication Studies and ABVP member. Members of ABVP are now honouring the duo this year on August 23 at an award ceremony at PU. Meanwhile, ABVP, also announced its 4th toppers felicitation functionwhich will be held on August 23 at PU law auditorium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484154", "title": "Dance recital at NDA today", "text": "PUNE: The National Defence Academy has organised a dance recital by Kuchipudi danseuse Shallu Jindal, disciple of Raja Radha Reddy and Kaushalya Reddy on the eve of Independence Day, a statement issued by the NDA said.Jindal's recital may include Kuchipudi items like Shiva Panchakshara Stuthi (Nagendraharaya), Naach Rahi Gauri, Krishna Sabdam, Jab Se Tune Mujhe Deewana Bana Rakha Hai and Tarangam with Thaali, which comprises dancing on the rim of a brass plate coordinated with complicated rhythmic patterns, the statement said.Jindal was honoured with the second 'Aaadhi Aabadi' Women Achievers' Award, 2010, for classical dance by Girija Vyas , chairperson, Women's Commission. She was conferred with the Indira Gandhi Priyadarshini Award, 2007, for her services and achievements in the field of Indian classical dance and her contributions through social activities in the field of art and culture, education and community development.The dance recital is one among the various events, such as guest lectures, musical events, debates, quiz competitions, inter-battalion variety entertainment programmes, etc, which are conducted every term at NDA's Habibullah Hall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "15484799", "title": "Robbery bid in wee hours leaves Sainis rattled", "text": "BRS NAGAR: When 60-year-old Satwant Kaur woke up in the wee hours of Monday for a glass of water, she sensed something was wrong around. Worried, she immediately woke up her husband Surjeet Singh and son Tejvir Singh Saini, who realized that somebody was trying to gain an entry into their house by breaking the grill of a window. Jolted into action, Tejvir raised an alarm, which woke up the neighbours sleeping on the roof. As everybody began shouting for help, the intruders ran away, but not before leaving the Sainis shocked and scared.An employee of an MNC, Tejvir, 31, said, \"The robbers climbed over flowerpots to reach the window. We also saw some boulders that the intruders seem to have collected to attack us.\"He said his neighbours told him that the criminals weren't more than 20 years old and their face were uncovered. \"While running away, the thieves threatened our neighbours against following them,\" Tejvir added.With crime, especially daring thefts, on a rise, Tejvir said this incident has left them feeling insecure. \"What if my aged parents were home alone... It would have been dreadful,\" he added.SHO, Sarabha Nagar, Manjinder Singh said a case had been registered and they were investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15484182", "title": "Lawyer licence cancelled, HC notice to law college", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday heard a petition filed by a lawyer Mahendra Kawchale against the Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa for cancelling his sanad in January 2012 and issued a notice to the UP university and the University Grants Commission (UGC). Kawchale's counsel M P Vashi told a bench of Justices D Y Chandrachud and R D Dhanuka that the law degree of Kawchale was from the Bharatiya Shiksha Parishad, Uttar Pradesh, which he was awarded in 1995 after \"validly completing three years of LLB\". The court posted the matter for further hearing on September 3.The council's former chairperson passed the order after a hearing, on January 17 to revoke the licence, holding that his degree on the basis of which he had obtained his sanad was forged. Kawchale was given letters by the UP college to show his degree was genuine and said the state bar council could not revoke the licence unless there was misconduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15484554", "title": "Push for 30% increase in rent at Nashik Municipal Corporation's commercial properties", "text": "NASHIK: The standing committee of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Monday decided to hike the rent of commercial galas in municipal structures by upto 30% .Moreover, the committee also directed the civic administration to facilitate occupancy in vacant galas and sign agreements with those that already occupy these spaces.There are around 1,132 commercial galas (space for shops) owned by the NMC, but the NMC administration takes a nominal charges from them. The proposal to increase the rent by up to 30% was tabled at the standing committee meeting of the NMC on Monday. Committee chairman Uddhav Nimse said that since the existing rent charged by the NMC for galas in civic-owned properties was much lower than market rates.Dinkar Patil of Congress said, \"Most galas in Satpur division of NMC have still not been occupied. If unemployed citizens are encouraged to occupy these galasfor business more revenue might be generated.\"There are a number of commercial complexes that are civic owned at prime locations, including Canada Corner, Shingada Talav, Mahatma Nagar and Gangapur Road. The move to boost commercial rent at these properties also comes in the wake of the current financial crunch being faced by the civic administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15485993", "title": "Found: WWII 'live bombs' in UK museum", "text": "LONDON: A UK museum hastily removed a World War II cannon shell and a military flare which were on display for two decades after discovering they could be 'live bombs'.The bomb squad was called in after the items were checked during a stock assessment in Dorking museum in Surrey. The army has now blown them up, the Daily Mail reported.Kathy Atherton, from the museum, said staff would investigate how they got there but suspected they were historic donations from souvenir collectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15486349", "title": "Way out for Mangalore corporations to curtail streetlight bills", "text": "MANGALORE: Street lights burning through the night tend to leave the coffers of city corporations 'light' at the end of the day. Help is on hand for eight city corporations in Karnataka minus BBMP with Karnataka Urban Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation (KUIDFC) coming out with two models of tender documents in the next fortnight for these urban local bodies (ULBs) to choose from and adopt energy-efficient street lighting systems.The issue figured at a meeting of stakeholders convened by Harsha Gupta, managing director, KUIDFC at Bangalore on Friday. The basic idea of the initiative is to help these eight city corporations to save energy and money, Harsha Gupta told TOI. Such systems have been tried out successfully in Tamil Nadu and even smaller ULBs in state with varying results, he said.The two models mooted at the meeting include inviting private operators to invest and maintaining the system for a minimum of five years and allowing the operator to recover cost from the accrued savings and second is for the city corporations to purchase such energy efficient street lighting systems from open market and maintain them on their own. \"The city corporations can then recover the cost incurred from assured savings,\" he said.The eight city corporations for which KUIDFC is preparing tender documents on the above models are of feasible size, Harsha said. The choice of the model will depend on the resolution that the councils of the respective city corporations adopt, he said, adding that KUIDFC would circulate the options to the elected representatives. The role of KUIDFC in this venture would be to prepare standard tender documents for either of these models, evaluate them for the respective city corporations and provide them with technical assistance wherever needed, he explained.Noting this concept has been talked for some time now, he said the idea is to go in for self-financing model and not to generate extra resource for ULBs and also help them manage burgeoning power bills. K Harish Kumar, commissioner, Mangalore City Corporation, who attended the meeting said, energy efficient street lighting systems are programmable devices that control street lights as desired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15486061", "title": "Search panel meets to pick Tamil Nadu Agricultural University VC", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three weeks have passed since a three-member panel was appointed to pick the new vice-chancellor for the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University. Sources told TOI that the panel met recently and was on its way to submit its list of three nominees to the governor, who as chancellor of the university has the authority to announce the final candidate for the VC's post.\"The interaction will be mostly between the search panel and the governor's office. It is hard to read the selection panel's mind at this stage,\" a source told TOI. None of the selection committee members were available for comment.Two of the members on the selection panel are retired employees of the TNAU. The term of former vice-chancellor of TNAU, P Murugesa Bhoopathi ended on June 3. The search committee consists of Sabitha Duraisamy, former director, Centre for Plant Protection Studies, TNAU, as the member-convener (government nominee), Raj Kumar Mahey, registrar, Punjab Agricultural University, Ludhiana (nominee of the TNAU Board of Management), and S R Sree Rangasamy, former director, Centre for Plant Breeding and Genetics, TNAU (nominee of the Academic Council of TNAU). The committee will recommend three names to the Governor.Meanwhile, E Balagurusamy, member (education), State Planning Commission, submitted a set of guidelines for nominating search committee members to the governor on July 31, 2012.In his note, he said since the qualities of the members of the search committee would have a strong bearing on the quality of the person they recommend, it was essential to choose the 'right' members for the committee.As per the rules, a member-convener should have worked not less than three years in the rank of a vice-chancellor of a state or central university, or should be a retired vice-chancellor or a judge of a high court, and should be a person of impeccable integrity and character. The members of the committee should also be retired persons with a minimum of 10 years experience as a professor in a state or central university, or a retired vice-chancellor. \"A search committee member may not be associated with any of the functions of the university concerned, either directly or indirectly. Also, no person from an affiliated college or its management should be nominated as a member,\" he said in the note.With regard to the procedure to be followed by the search committee, Balagurusamy said it should not restrict itself to receiving nominations from candidates but on its own should identify suitable persons, and also give publicity in leading newspapers. He has also suggested that the committee visit the university and have discussions with the academic and administrative staff on issues concerning the university. This would be the best way to identify and recommend the most suitable candidates, who could efficiently address issues plaguing the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15484621", "title": "CM ignoring graft in MNREGS: Bidhuri", "text": "JAIPUR: Accusing chief minister Ashok Gehlot of shielding the corrupt in his government, parliamentary secretary Rajendra Singh Bidhuri highlighted some instances from his assembly constituency Begun in Chittorgarh district, on Monday.The parliamentary secretary alleged that government officials in Begun constituency committed a scandal of Rs 1.67 crore in the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme ( MNREGS) by making payments against unevaluated works and without any 'pass orders' issued for the same.\"Moreover, a person hired on contract was authorised for singing the cheques even though a government clerk who should be doing this job was serving on the post,\" Bidhuri said.The parliamentary secretary said that though he made a written complaint to the chief minister in April this year, no action was initiated against the government officials responsible for the financial irregularity. \"MNREGS is Congress's flagship programme and our party president Sonia Gandhi has repeatedly said no corruption in the scheme should go unpunished, but here we are still awaiting action despite evidences against the guilty,\" Bidhuri said at the press conference.In another instance, the parliamentary secretary mentioned about complaint of illegal mining in village Bhichor going unnoticed. Bidhuri highlighted the case of electricity theft registered against Begun pradhan Rukma Regar's husband and how a big shot in the Gehlot government allegedly attempted to save him. \"The couple (pradhan and her husband) that has several cases of corruption against it was used to hit me. The SC/ST Act was clamped against me (Rukma belongs to SC category),\" Bidhuri said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15486699", "title": "Kin of killed chief of dargah get compensation", "text": "VARANASI: Compensation from the chief minister's relief fund was given to two women, whose kin were killed in violence that took place over a dispute over graveyard land at Beniabagh on June 16. District magistrate Saurabh Babu, SSP BD Paulson and other officials went to the house of Chanda Begum and Nazma Khan in Beniabagh to hand over cheques of Rs 2 lakh each to them on Monday.It may be recalled that head of Dargah Rahimshah Mohammed Shafiq alias Raji (45), his brother Ziauddin alias Ziau (50) and Mohammed Kamil (72) were killed over the dispute of graveyard land on June 16.In protest against the killings, hundreds of people gathered in and around the Dargah and graveyard compound and demolished the house of one of the accused. The killings took place when accused Amjad, was stopped to consume liquor with his accomplices on the graveyard compound. The greed of grabbing a piece of land of the graveyard land was behind the incident. Amjad had been given a small room to stay on the graveyard compound. He came in contact with Iqbal Ahmed Rayin, who has a criminal history. They started efforts to grab a piece of land of the graveyard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15485705", "title": "Police pigeon service in Bhubaneswar soon", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has decided to start another wing of Police Pigeon Service at Bhubaneswar from this year. The pigeon service, which had defied cyclones and floods to deliver urgent police messages between remote stations since 1946, is present at Angul and Cuttack with 150 birds for exhibition purpose only.\"With the advent of modern communications like e-mail and telephones, these birds became obsolete. However, chief minister Naveen Patnaik has evinced interest to have a pigeon wing at Bhubaneswar. So it was decided to set up the pigeon wing at Lingaraj Police Station with 50 homing pigeons initially. They will be trained to carry messages from Bhubaneswar to Cuttack,\" said Nihar Biswal, an officer of Cuttack pigeon wing.Now there are 50 pigeons in Angul and 100 in Cuttack, which are displayed during the Independence Day and Republic Day parades and also during major celebration days of the state police.Homing pigeons are effective as messengers due to their natural homing abilities. \"Now these pigeons are taking 17 to 25 minutes to cover the distance of about 25 kms from Bhubaneswar to Cuttack. With proper training they will cover it in 12 minutes and are effective during monsoon and bad weather when modern communications fail,\" Biswal said. \"If they will be half-fed then they will return to their homes quickly,\" he added.History says the pigeons acted perfectly in time when they were used to send an urgent message to a remote area about arrangements for the visit of prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru in 1948. During the aftermath of super cyclone in 1999 that brought down communication links in coastal areas for days the pigeons proved effective in sending messages. But slowly the government had stopped the service to save an annual expense of about Rs five lakh on the pigeon service, official sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15485105", "title": "More e-bins on the cards to catch Chandigarh\u2019s tech waste", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An e-bin will soon come to your doorstep. As part of the e-waste management project, the UT forest department will put up newly-designed bins that resemble post boxes at more places in the city.The project was launched in January with eight bins at Rajiv Gandhi Chandigarh Technology Park and e-Sampark centres. Their number has now increased to 18.Chief conservator of forest and wildlife Santosh Kumar said, \"Individuals can bring any type of e-waste from home and dump it in the bins. Delhi too has introduced the system.\"Due to lack of awareness about the issue, the response of public to the pilot project has not been quite encouraging. \"To begin with, the purpose of the bins is to bring home the point of proper e-waste disposal. Those wanting to get rid of bigger items can call at the number of the agency hired for the purpose and it will collect waste from home,\" he added.The city generates over 10,000 tonne of hazardous waste, of which only 6,000 tonne is recycled, while the remaining 4,000 tonne is dumped every year. The first stage of the project will see industries, organizations as nodal points.Another UT official added that the Roorkee-based company hired for collection of e-waste recycled it at its Roorkee plant. \"The administration has already tied up with CII to tackle waste generated by IT companies. The bins are now being put up in universities and schools. These will eventually be placed in every sector,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15484599", "title": "Cops to step up patrolling in Tapovan", "text": "NASHIK: The city police have decided to beef up patrolling in Tapovan area after a robbery that took place in the wee hours of Sunday.Armed robbers targeted a bungalow in the Tapovan area and decamped with a gold chain worth Rs 40,000. They also left four members of a family injured.Assistant commissioner of police Ganesh Shinde said the police have decided to beef up patrolling as a preventive measure.When the absence of a police chowky was pointed out in the area, senior police officials cited the lack of sufficient force but added that patrolling would be done there randomly in the future.The robbery has spread a wave of fear among the residents of the Tapovan area. In a complaint filed in this regard by Sonali Makwana (29), resident of Sharada Bhavan, Laxmi Narayan Bungalow, Tapovan, said that she and her family went through the horror for nearly half an hour.The Adgaon police said the burglars, who had their heads and faces covered, entered the bungalow of Dharmesh Makwana by breaking the latch and lock of the main door. When Dharmesh tried to stop the burglars, they struck on his head with a sword and his brother was also injured with a sword, when he too tried to intervene.Further, the burglars also roughed up the complainant's mother-in-law, despite all the family members pleading with them not to beat them and take whatever they wanted. The robbers snatched a gold chain worth Rs 40,000 Sonali Makwana was wearing and fled the scene.Police officials said they were investigating the case from different angles. Soon after the incident was reported to the police, senior officials, including DCP Sahebrao Patil, ACP Ganesh Shinde, senior PI of the Adgaon police station Subhash Daule, rushed to the scene to take stock of the incident.During the last week of June, ACP Ganesh Shinde also took a lead in forming different groups of volunteers to patrol the vulnerable areas with regard to such incidents in the jurisdiction of the Adgaon police station. Police officials said major areas under the jurisdiction of Adgaon police station were scattered in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15485909", "title": "Belgaum to celebrate I-Day in a unique way", "text": "BELGAUM: The district administration has geared up to celebrate the Independence Day in a unique manner. On August 15, special prayers will be organized in temples, mosques, churches and gurudwaras in the district from 6am to 7am. Flag hoisting ceremonies will be held in the respective educational institutions and government offices between 7.45am and 8.30am while the main function will be held at the district stadium at 9am.District in-charge minister Umesh Katti will be the chief guest. Later in the evening at Kumar Gandharva Rangamandira, cultural programmws have been organized from 6pm onwards. Fruits will be distributed to patients in various hospitals, orphans, children with disabilities and inmates of jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "cape town", "code": "15488151", "title": "Apple iPhone 4 'useless' for left-handers", "text": "CAPE TOWN: Apparently, the designers and technicians of Apple iPhone 4 have ignored the needs of left-handers.Some people were unable to call or surf the internet on the Apple iPhone 4, which had hit shops in 2010, as holding the device in the left hand could in some cases cover the phone's antenna, thereby cutting off reception.Agnes Maria Forsthofer, a member of an association for left-handed people in Germany, pointed out that 'there are essentially no devices fitted for left-handers.'Even standard devices like a mouse or keyboard have some pitfalls for left-handed users.According to News24, Barbara Sattler, who heads an information centre for left-handers in Germany, pointed out that the 'number pad for example is difficult to use with your left hand'.\"There are only a few keyboards where the number pad is on the left side,\" Sattler said.Sattler suggested that left-handers should rather get a separate number pad with a USB connection, like those available for laptops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15486645", "title": "Chitrakoot killings: Well-equipped Balkhadiya gang dodges police", "text": "KANPUR: Sudesh Patel alias Balkhadiya and his gang members are equipped with latest arms and ammunition and managed to dodge the police.They cops have not yet to achieve a breakthrough into the Dodamafi massacre in Chitrakoot district, where five members of a Dalit family were killed by the gang. The dacoits used semi-automatic weapons on Thursday to gun down five members of an ex-pradhan's family.The police recovered 35 empty cartridges from the spot. In several other recent killings, the Balkhadiya gang had used semi-automatic guns.The police authorities noted that the dacoits possess self-loading and Springfield rifles, semi-automatic rifles, 9mm pistols, shot guns (12 bore), rifles (315 bore), pistols (32 bore) and revolvers (32 bore).DIG PK Srivastava has decided to camp in the jungles of Patha in the district to zero-in on Balkhadiya and his gang members.\"Our priority is to eliminate Balkhadiya through proper intelligence network and intensive combing operations,\" a senior police official assisting Srivastava said.The sleuths of Special Task Force and district police were continuing the operations with the assistance of police informers and villagers.They were confident of nabbing Balkhadiya and his gang members. Markundi police said that the victim family had agreed to cooperate. \"We have been intensively combing dacoit-infested Lakhanpur, Dodamafi, Tikariya, Jamunihai, Lakhanpur and Markundi villages.The police are vigilant. The villagers should come forward to help,\" the official added.A police official of deputy SP rank said that it is the rough terrain that helps the dacoits to carry out the operation.Most of these villages dots UP-MP border and have a thick forest cover surrounded by rocky mountains which help them to see police movement. Anti-social elements tip-off the dacoits about police action. In most areas there are no approach roads.The area is quite vast spread in hundreds of kilometres.It is easy for brigands, who know the forests as well as topography of area to avoid the police dragnet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15485685", "title": "Why must Koramangala pay for Hosur Road woes?", "text": "BANGALORE: Koramangala residents were jubilant on Monday after a meeting called by the state government decided to set up a citizens' committee to decide on the future of the Sirsi Circle-Agara signal-free corridor project.It is for the first time that citizens are being involved in deciding a controversial infrastructure project in the state and the city.The Koramangala residents were upset that the corridor was diverting traffic into their area in an effort to take pressure off Hosur Road.\"Why should Koramangala residents face the brunt of traffic of Hosur Road? Is this project a COW? A Contractor Oriented Work? Traffic from Agara Lake to Sirsi Circle can also pass via HSR Layout and Madivala and then Hosur Road. Why should Sarjapur Road be widened,\" asked Kaushik Mukherjee, additional chief secretary, throwing open the public meet for intense discussion.Mukherjee, who presided over the meet, intervened even before the BDA's technical consultant completed his presentation on the proposed signal-free corridor.Mukherjee asked the consultant to suggest alternative solutions. When the BDA representatives could not give alternatives that excluded Koramangala from the project, Mukherjee himself explained what the alternatives could be.However, status quo will have to be maintained on the portion of the road that has already been dug up by BDA till the high court made further orders, Mukherjee said.Henceforth, public notices will be issued with regard to public meetings on various infrastructure projects on the BDA website, said Amita Prasad, principal secretary, urban development department. E-mail ids of the new Koramangala committee members will also be published on the BDA website, she added.Kathyayini Chamaraj, from CIVIC, an NGO working on urban affairs, said that such public meets must be conducted as per the Right to Information Act, before taking up any public work.Wondering what was the need for signal-free corridors, she said: \"This meeting has been called only after the high court directed the government to have one. This must become a precedent for all projects that are to be taken up. What is the need for signal-free corridors?\"A Bhanu, technical officer with Indian Institute of Horticulture Research, told the chairman to maintain transparency while cutting trees.\"Civic agencies must prepare a list of trees that would be affected due to infrastructure projects. Only those trees must be cut, without affecting the rest of the greenery,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15485489", "title": "Three bird-hits in a year has AAI worried", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The airfield environment management committee (AEMC) of the Trivandrum International Airport has asked the city corporation to check illegal dumping of garbage in the three-km buffer zone around the airport. The committee also sought the shutting down of open fish and meat markets within a 10-km radius of the airport as the increasing number of birds in the area are found to be posing a threat to aircraft.Bird scarers equipped with crackers are still the best bet when it comes to preventing a bird-hit at the airport runway here. Posted every 500 meters, these men are part of the standard operating procedure during operational hours. However, with three bird-hits reported during this year, the AAI and AEMC have been forced to ask the corporation to either evacuate stalls selling meat and fish in the vicinity or provide them with a covered space and to initiate steps to clear the garbage.\"The presence of open garbage dumps and illegal dumping from nearby hotels attract birds toward the buffer zone. The AAI is doing its bit to keep the airport safe by pigeon proofing hangars and terminal buildings, grading the runway by trimming grass on either sides of the runway to six inches and using bird spikes to prevent birds from perching and roosting at the terminus, but it cannot control what happens outside,\" said an AAI official.At the previous AEMC meeting, corporation health officer Dr Sreekumar had pointed out that a year ago the AAI had requested the corporation and the police to check unauthorized butchers and fish vendors operating within a three-km radius between the Chakka bypass and Sanghumugham beach.\"A year ago I had suggested that the airport authorities conduct a survey and mark points along the road to denote sensitive areas so that sign boards could be raised to create awareness among residents to create a zero-litter zone. But that never materialized. It is not easy to shut down meat sales at a coastal area where close to 200 vendors have been operating for years as a means of livelihood. I suggested that the airport authorities earmark areas and categorize them as either highly sensitive (where no sort of selling can take place) or relatively sensitive (where some sort of market can operate), instead of a blanket ban,\" said Sreekumar.Along with the corporation, the fisheries and animal husbandry departments were supposed to find a comprehensive solution to the open selling prevalent at Pettah, Muttathara, Kallumode and Ponnara bridge. But the work is yet to begin. \"We need to chalk out a comprehensive plan. We should intensify localized garbage collection in the absence of a centralized treatment plant for the city's garbage and set up biogas plants near the airport area,\" said Sreekumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15484917", "title": "2 facilitation centres for Central Teachers' Eligibility Test", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Central Board for Secondary Education has announced November 18 as the date for conducting Central Teachers' Eligibility Test 2012 (CTET-2012). This time CTET information bulletin and application forms will not be sold therefore to assist candidates in filling the particulars and also to ensure that candidates do apply for CTET even in case of non-availability of computer and internet facility, CBSE has opened facilitation centres in various cities.In Chandigarh, two felicitation centres have been set up at KBDAV Public School in Sector 7 and Delhi Public School in Sector 40.The candidates may visit any of these centres from 10am to 2pm on any day except Sundays and Gazetted holidays till August 31. The candidates may carry their certificates and the bank draft of required fees in favour of the secretary, Central Board of Secondary Education, payable at Delhi before visiting the facilitation centres.The candidates looking forward to sit for the exam will have to apply online. They can submit their forms online through website www.ctet.nic or www.cbse.nic.in. The last day of submission of online application forms is August 31.\"The candidates will also have to send the original printout of the confirmation page generated on submission of online application along with the demand draft of the required fees to CBSE,\" reads the CBSE website. Last date for receipt of confirmation page in CBSE, CTET Unit is September 7.There will be two papers of one and a half hour in one day. First paper will start at 10.30am and the second at 1.30pm.The CTET is a qualifying exam for people intending to teach elementary classes (I-VIII) at the central government-run schools, including UT schools affiliated to the CBSE.The National Council for Teachers' Education (NCTE) had directed that a common eligibility test should be held for teachers across the country. This was then made mandatory under the Right to Education Act and the CBSE has been asked to conduct the exam since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15486368", "title": "Ban on sale of plastic tricolour", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore City Corporation, ahead of Independence Day celebrations, has directed manufactures, vendors and users not to manufacture or sell or use the National flag made of plastic in and around Mangalore City Corporation limits.Interactive programme: Department of Agriculture has organized an interaction programme with Bharat Lal Meena, principal secretary, department of agriculture and DK district in-charge secretary on newer thoughts for agriculture sector at State Government Employees Association Community Hall here on Tuesday. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15484794", "title": "Artists ride on themes for Puja dazzle", "text": "KOLKATA: They weave magic on canvas and create poetry with wood and clay. Over the last decade, they have helped turn puja pandals into virtual works of art. They have been riding on themes to produce dazzling decorations, innovative designs and even idols that are a departure from tradition, yet aesthetically brilliant. Artists of Kolkata have taken pandal decoration to the next level and they will continue to enthrall pandal-hoppers this October. At least a dozen senior artists and scores of other junior ones are engaged in designing and executing themes across the city this puja.While eminent artists like Sanatan Dinda and Amar Sarkar have already swung into action, giving shape to their unique concepts, others like Indrajit Narayan, Sushanta Pal and Partha Dasgupta are ready to entertain with their mind-boggling innovations as well. Narayan, for instance, is ready with three themes for the three pandals he will be working on this year. At Mukundapur on EM Bypass, his theme is 'Anya Dugga' or 'The other Durga', which will portray the emancipation of women. Pal will use CDs and polymer tubes to create his props. At Ajoynagar, a few kilometres away, he will experiment with wooden dolls from Burdwan. Artisans from the district have already made 500 dolls to decorate the pandal. At Raipur Club, Narayan's theme is the cycle of life and how one phase of life merges with another.It's easy for trained artists to visualize and execute themes in a structured way, he says. \"When I propose a theme, I know what material to use, what to design and how to do it. It helps make the theme more precise and the decorations aesthetic. Of course, we wouldn't be able to do it without local artisans and those from the villages who are brilliant craftsmen,\" Narayan said.Sushanta Pal will rely on concepts for a 'themeless' puja at Mudiali Club this year. It will be a traditional puja without flashy artwork or breathtaking innovations. \"But it will still have a strong concept that will be portrayed through designs, decorations, motifs and images that symbolize the traditional puja. It will still be dazzling and appeal to the discerning viewer. There won't be any shocking element, though,\" said Pal.Pandal-hoppers have developed a taste for more serious art inside pandals, said Pal. \"I have been working since 1998, when I was a student at the Government College of Art. Previously, themes would be rather crude with all kinds of unconventional material like long-playing records, nails and even coconut shells being used. The idea was to draw in the crowds with cheap innovation. Now, with artists like Dinda and Sarkar coming in, designs have got more conventional and classy. Yet, they are admired by all,\" said Pal.Veteran Dinda, who had left Kolkata stunned with a Durga idol that seemed to be floating in air at Nalin Sarkar Street, is ready with two unique concepts this year. \"At Jodhpur Park 95 Pally, my subject is the union of man and woman and its various stages. The idol will reflect this concept and is going to be multi-dimensional. It will be far more breathtaking than the floating Durga,\" promised Dinda. At Barisha Club, Dinda will be playing on the theme of 'Bhakti ar Shakti' - portraying the two facets of Durga.\"Themes have got more cerebral over the years, which is a good sign. In Kolkata, we don't have a museum of contemporary art. The puja pandals are where we can experiment and display our ideas. For us, the idols and the other props are installation art. And there could be no better occasion to present it to the people than the region's biggest socio-cultural festival,\" explained Dinda.The artists have also been lured into themes by the wide exposure that it gives them. Pal recalls how his name started doing the rounds in art circles immediately after he had done a theme in 2004. \"When your works are displayed at a gallery, no more than a few hundred see them. When you work on a theme, lakhs watch it and at least a few thousand remember the artist's name. This exposure is helping young artists,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15485806", "title": "MP renews contract of 5 coaches", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh sports and youth welfare department has renewed the contracts of five coaches on Monday including Madan Lal, P Gopichand, Adhiraj Singh, Mansher Singh and Ashok Dhyanchand.After launching sports academy for cricket, badminton , equestrian, hockey and shooting, it was decided to hire coaches of international fame to train the youngsters. Adhiraj and Mansher were appointed coaches of equestrian and shooting in 2007 respectively. Similarly, Madan Lal was hired for cricket while Ashok Dhyanchand for hockey and Gopichand for badminton.It was decided to renew the contracts every year. However, the contracts that expired in 2011 were not renewed for about the next 8 months.Meanwhile, Ashok Dhyanchand decided to leave the academy when the sports department issued a notice stating that the coaches were not allowed to use the mess at the Tatya Tope Stadium. He had expressed his displeasure over the notice in very strong words to the media.Except Gopichand, all other coaches were contracted on a monthly honorarium of Rs 50,000 each. Gopichand was hired for Rs 60,000 per month honorarium.When contacted, director sports, Shailendra Shrivastava confirmed that the contracts of all coaches have been renewed on Monday. \"The state cabinet has renewed their contracts on Monday,\" Shrivastava said.However, the district olympic association has questioned the hiring of the famed sports personalities as coaches. \"The hiring of famed coaches should be made as per the need not just by the name. Besides, big names should be hired only if there is dearth of talented coach in the state,\" secretary of district olympic association Bhopal , Deepak Gaud said.Gaud added that most of the time renowned international coaches are not available for the budding athletes. \"There is no meaning of hiring the names which are not available to spend time with the players of the academy,\" Gaud said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15483524", "title": "Boy protests against mother's abusers, gets killed", "text": "NEW DELHI: A boy was murdered after he protested to his mother being abused by four men when she spoke out against their regular gambling sessions outside her house. Ranjit (12) was killed when one of the four men hit him on the head at Aman Vihar in outer Delhi late on Sunday night, police said.Ranjit, a Class VII student, was at home along with his mother and grandfather when his mother heard a ruckus outside. \"She saw the men playing cards and drinking alcohol. She objected to this and asked them to leave,\" said a senior police officer. This angered the gamblers who allegedly began abusing her. Ranjit's grandfather then stepped out and the men also abused him.Ranjit, police said, ran inside and brought out a stick. Seeing this, one of the men snatched the stick and hit Ranjit on his head and his grandfather on his arm and fled.Ranjit, who works with a private firm, was taken to the Sanjay Gandhi hospital where he was declared brought dead. One of the accused has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "15487967", "title": "'Efforts on in Pak to send deaf and mute Indian girl back'", "text": "KARACHI: Pakistan's Sindh province government has established contact with a well-known welfare foundation to obtain details of a deaf and mute Indian girl, who had inadvertently strayed into the country some 13 years ago, as efforts were being made to send her back to India.An official of the Edhi trust foundation, which has taken care of Geeta for the last few years and has housed her in Karachi for the last six months, said there had been inquiries from authorities about the Indian girl.\"They have taken her details and are apparently some efforts are on to help her safely reach her home in India,\" the official said.Geeta who is just 21, strayed into Pakistan when she mistakenly boarded a train from Amritsar which came into Lahore where she was taken into custody.\"She is deaf and mute and clearly disoriented but in last six months she has improved her communication skills a lot and we are hopeful in next few weeks she will be able to tell us about her family and home in India,\" said Bilqees Edhi, the wife of the noted social worker Sattar Edhi who takes care of Geeta.Bilqees has even taken Geeta into her home to help her settle down and live a normal life.\"She had a bad time when she was first detained in Lahore and kept at a shelter there after which we brought her to Karachi,\" she said.Geeta is clearly desperate to get back to India and has made some attempts to escape but each time has been brought back to the Edhi trust as she is unable to give any details of her life in India or her family.Saram Burney a human rights activist who has campaigned for the return of poor Indian fishermen in Pakistani jails to their homeland believes that Geeta can return home.\"She is disoriented and it is difficult getting information from her but she is now able to write down things in Hindi language,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15484670", "title": "Resident doctors threaten mass leave again", "text": "JAIPUR: The resident doctors of the Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital boycotted work on Monday leaving the patients to suffer. They threatened to go on mass leave from August 16 if their demands were not addressed by the government.The resident doctors absented themselves from all wards and OPD between 8am to 11am leaving patients unattended. But, the hospital administration deployed assistant professors and senior residents to facilitate the patients. The protesting resident doctors met the SMS medical college principal Dr Subhash Nepalia and SMS hospital superintendent Virendra Singh to submit a memorandum of their demands. The talks ended without any solution.Now, the resident doctors have decided to go on mass leave from August 16, which could pose major problems for the patients, whose number has increased owing to the chief minister free medicine scheme.Attendant of a patient, Tekchand, said, \"We have come from Dausa district for my mother's treatment. Unavailability of doctors due to strike is very painful for patients.\" The doctors boycotted work for three hours from 8am to 11am but the emergency services were not affected.The resident doctors gathered at the main gate outside the superintendent's office and staged their protest. They resumed duties around 11am. They said they would continue boycott work for three hours daily till August 15 and from August 16 they would go on mass leave.Jaipur Association of Resident Doctors (JARD) president Dr Prahlad Dhakar said, \"If our demands are not fulfilled in the next two days, we will go on mass leave as we have no other option.\"A hospital administration official said healthcare services remained unaffected as senior residents and assistant professors have been deployed in wards and OPD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15485659", "title": "Shut govt schools allotted to private clubs", "text": "PANAJI: For five decades since liberation, the state made no attempt to take stock of properties on which its schools stand. So, this year, when the directorate of education decided to carry out an inventory of government school properties, the survey revealed the inevitable-the lost years have taken a heavy toll.Eighty-one government primary and middle school buildings, left vacant after the institutions were shut down for various reasons, have stayed vacant, in some cases since the 90s. While 68 are in usable condition, years of weathering have labeled 13 as \"in bad condition\", and two of these, in Sattari, have seen their roofs and side walls collapse.On the other hand, 18 shut down school buildings have been put to use, but in a way that the state earns no revenue. A few are being used by other government departments, but others have been given for the use of private school managements and even private clubs like mahila mandals and, in one case, the Lions Club.A shut government primary school in Vasco is even being used by the management of a temple, and in Macazana in South Goa one building has been handed over to the Alcoholics Anonymous to operate from.\"There is no definite policy in place which can be followed when allotting an unused school building to a government department or private body. So the call was taken by successive governments as they felt was right,\" an education official told TOI.Meanwhile, of the 850-odd government primary schools that are in operation, 154 are running in state buildings located on private land where no attempt has been made to acquire the property.In 14 cases, government schools are still operating from rented premises with nothing done to construct them new buildings.It is only now, based on the inventory, that the education department has asked its officials to inquire with comunidades about 23 schools located on their lands, whether any resolution has been passed concerning the school property ownership.\"The inventory has been carried out to know the extent of property available with government schools. Education officials will now confirm the data provided by our taluka-level officers. Once the number of school buildings lying vacant is established, the state can look at ways to utilize the property,\" sources said.The extent of carelessness has been such that mutation process, school land demarcation process and entering of the school name in Form I and XIV of the village panchayat as the land owner have also not been carried out in the case of over half-a-dozen schools.State &amp; its edu propertyPremises of 81 shut down schools vacant, only 68 usablePremises of 18 shut down schools allotted to either government departments, private school managements, private clubs, temple management", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15484562", "title": "Ashol Gehlot launches free generic veterinary medicine scheme", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Monday inaugurated the free generic veterinary medicines scheme, following which 87 veterinary drugs and 13 surgical consumables would be provided free of cost at the state hospitals from Wednesday onwards.Speaking at the state-level function here, which was attended by hundreds of farmers and cattle-owners, Gehlot said the decision to launch the scheme was taken to ensure timely and better treatment for the cattle just like humans.Sharing details on the livestock situation in the state, he said the contribution of livestock to the state's GDP is 8%. \"11% of the total livestock in the country is in our state and the state has earned a reputation for the high quality breed of cattle found here. The state's contribution to the total milk production is 13% and for wool production it is 30%. Taking care of the cattle is very important as animal husbandry is a priority for the state government,'' said Gehlot, adding that the state has recorded an annual increase of 6% in its animal produce.The chief minister said being a desert state, droughts are frequent and a common occurrence and hence fodder for cattle and treatment for them is a major concern. \"There are times when the farmers do not have enough money for treatment or medicines for their cattle and this scheme would prove to be a boon for them,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "15483342", "title": "Captivating Sardar Sarovar attracts huge crowd on weekend", "text": "Bharuch: The captivating sight of Sardar Sarovar dam over Narmada is beckoning tourists in a big way.In the last five days, over one lakh people have visited the site. The heavy influx of tourists is also on an account of mini-vacation after Janmashtami holiday was clubbed with the weekend.In fact, scores of people had to return disappointed as they could not reach at the spot due to heavy rush and massive traffic jam at Kevadia Colony.\"In four days from Thursday to Sunday noon, 67,000 tourists visited the dam site,\" said P M Patel, chief engineer, Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd.More than 12,000 vehicles of tourists were registered at Kevadia till Sunday noon. The department is assuming flow of another 20,000 tourists in next three days. The Sardar Sarovar is expected to overflow till Wednesday.However, many of the tourists who could not reach Sardar Sarovar or avoided the dam site due to massive rush opted for Ninai waterfalls tucked away in the dense forests of Dediapada. This little known site saw tourists flowing in from Vadodara, Bharuch, Surat, Bardoli and Navasri.Ninai waterfall is located at Malsamot, a small hill station located 85 kilometres from Ankleshwar.The water falls from a height of around 60 meter at Ninai. The place is surrounded by green tress and some caves too.Chintan Engineer from Surat who came with family, said, \"Ninai dhodh is unexplored. The accommodation facilities arranged by forest department are good at Sagai village. There are around 10 family rooms, gives a real feel of forest living.\"According to the forest department, more than 1,500 tourists visited Malsamot from Thursday to Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15483593", "title": "Manipur observes Patriots' Day", "text": "IMPHAL: Manipur on Monday observed Patriots' Day in memory of those who sacrificed their lives during the 1891 Anglo-Manipur War. On this day in 1891, Manipuri prince Bir Tikendrajit Singh and general Thangal were hanged by the British on charges of waging war against them.Manipur governor Gurbachan Jagat and chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh graced the occasion at Saheed Minar in Imphal on Monday. The governor has sought public help to get rid of social tension in the state. Recalling the great sacrifices of the patriots, the CM urged the people to help bring peace in the state.In New Delhi, Manipur government observed Patriot's Day at the Manipur Tikendrajit House at Bir Tikendrajit Marg in Chanakyapuri. A large number of Manipuris from National Capital Region paid their homage to the great patriots who fought against the British and sacrificed their lives for the cause of their motherland.Manipur speaker Thokchom Lokeshwar Singh, Lok Sabha MPs Thokchom Meinya Singh and Thangso Baite, Rajya Sabha MP Rishang Keishing and Manipur legislators RK Anand were among those who paid floral tributes to the martyrs.Subedar Niranjan, Kajao Singh Jamadar and Charai Thangal were also hanged on June 8, May 25 and October 15 in 1891 inside Imphal jail on charges of waging war against the British empire.Regent Maharaja Kulachandra Singh and Prince Angousana were sent to exile for life to Kalapani (Andaman Islands), along with 20 martyrs. The British action in Manipur, which culminated in the occupation of the kingdom and execution of 35-year old prince Tikendrajit and 80-year old general Thangal, created a great sensation in Bengal. Barrister Monomohon Ghosh fought the case for prince Tikendrajit and king Kulachandra.Years later, the government of free India, as suggested by Arun Chandra Guha, included the portrait of Bir Tikendrajit at the National Portrait Gallery in New Delhi. Bir Tikendrajit Marg at Chanakyapuri in New Delhi was named after the brave Manipuri prince.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15484792", "title": "Honour killing: Man kills sister, her paramour", "text": "JAIPUR: In yet another incident of honour killing, a man stabbed to death his 21-year-old sister and her paramour in Sirohi district on Sunday evening.\"Sangeeta Devi, a resident of Dhanari village, was having an affair with 30-year-old Rafeeq. The man was already married and has an 8-year-old son from his wife. Sangeeta and Rafeeq had eloped a year ago,\" a police officer said.Sangeeta's family registered a case against Rafeeq accusing him of rape.\"They forced the woman to get married to another man from nearby village. However, Sangeeta stayed only for a couple of months with her husband and then came back and started living with Rafeeq. This time they did not elope but were living together,\" said the officer. Sangeeta's elder brother Laxman Prajapat was working in Ahmedabad. \"When he came to know that her sister had left her husband and was staying with Rafeeq, he came back to the village,\" said the officer.Laxman then started looking for an opportunity to teach her sister a lesson. \"Sangeeta and Rafeeq were going somewhere on a motorcycle when Laxman intercepted them in Goliya village on Sunday evening. He suddenly attacked his sister with a knife and stabbed her several times,\" said the officer.When Rafeeq intervened, Laxman allegedly stabbed him also and fled from the spot. \"Some villagers informed the police. Rafeeq died on the spot while Sangeeta died on way to hospital in Abu Road area,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484231", "title": "Over a dozen helplines for northeast students, working professionals", "text": "PUNE: Several helplines have been started to assist students and working professionals from the northeast living in the city in the aftermath of the attacks on them on Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.The Northeast Students' Welfare Association of Pune and Sarhad, an NGO, have set up 24-hour emergency helplines. The Mizo Students' Union, Kuki Students' Organisation, Manipur Students' Union, Arunachal Students' Welfare Association and three others have also started separate helplines to connect with students from the region.Convenor of the helpline Rock Lungleng told the TOI that they had established helplines for students who face trouble. \"We have established contact with Pune police. As soon as we receive calls from the students, we will inform them to enable immediate action,\" he said.Likha Rajum, president of Arunachal Students' Welfare Association, said, \"It is a serious matter and we want peace in Pune and among our community. It's time for us to unite as we do not want to isolate anybody from our region. Hence, we established these helplines so that whoever is in trouble can immediately seek help by dialing the emergency numbers.\" The Northeast Students' Welfare Association is trying to create awareness about the helpline numbers through social networking sites so that as many students get to know about it. They have also planned to put up notices on college notice boards mentioning the numbers.Meanwhile, Sarhad has established area-wise helplines for students from Manipur, Assam and Nagaland. Founder president Sanjay Nahar said, \"The students will be provided instant support if they call the helpline numbers. We will ensure that tension does not build up in sensitive areas. We have appealed to students from the northeast to stay united and inform us of any danger.\" 'My Home India', another NGO for northeast students, has also started a helpline for students. Volunteer Mayur Karjatkar said that students seeking help should contact the NGO.HelplinesMizo Students' UnionJacob V.Khiangte 9762310520Daniel V.Renthlei 8600955278Kuki Students' OrganisationThangboi Haokip 9096977715Lamkhohen Guite 9665925312Meghalaya Students' RepresentativeSalesa N.Sangma 9975925094Arkin Kharwanlang 9975155426Zomi Students' FederationTuang Hatlangh 9766492304Gin Munsong 8055769573Arunachal Students' Welfare AssociationLikha Rajum 8600088463Jyotilu Manyu 9762943225Manipur Students' UnionAlam M.K 9960343965Gyanba Meitei Koiram 9890736927Naga Students' UnionPeimingam A. Zimik 9890097458.Thotngachan Khongreiwo 9158830275Sarhad helplinesSachin Jamge (Pune city) 9921693175Tejas Washilkar (Kothrud) 9890432332Hrishikesh Bhadirge (Yerawada) 9665658585Santosh Shedge (Katraj Kondhwa) 7385758028My Home India 9011017918", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15486155", "title": "Fishing mafia strikes at Harike wildlife office", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an attempt to intimidate the wildlife staff and WWF-India researchers at Harike Wildlife sanctuary, near Ferozepur, a group of fishing contractors and their henchmen raided the Range Office and forcibly took away two motorcycles after the arrest of a poacher and seizure of a Mahindra pick-up truck with 50 kg of fish and six nets on Monday morning.One of the motorcycles belonged to Mohammad Shahnawaz, a researcher posted at Harike since November 2010 to study the fresh water biodiversity of the Satluj-Beas river complex. At about 6.30 am, we woke to the noise of a fight in the forest complex. I went outside and saw 15 contractors taking away my motorcycle along with that of a forest employee. I pleaded with them not to do so but they said that they would give it back only when the forest department released their pick-up truck. They also injured the chowkidar, Pargat Singh. An FIR has been lodged at Harike Police Station,'' Shahnawaz told TOI.Matters came to a head when a team of wildlife officials led by DFO (Wildlife) at Ferozepur, M. Sudhagar, and DFO (Territorial) Sanjiv Tiwari nabbed the fish poachers at Marrar village at 5.30 am on Monday. We got a Bolero pick-up vehicle loaded with 50 kg of precious fish, fishing nets and pieces of wood and caught one of the accused, Raj Mangal, a resident of Uttar Pradesh. Four others fled in a boat. He was booked under the Wildlife Protection Act 1972 and the Indian Forest Act 1927. Fifteen local gondas pushed their way into the range office complex at Harike, attacked the staff and took away two bikes,'' said Sudhagar.Raj Mangal has been sent to jail by the court. Tiwari said police had recovered the two motorcyles. The motorbikes have not been given back to us. It is a very serious offence as it constitutes an attempt at interfering in the duties of a public servant,'' said Tiwari.This is the fourth major assault on wildlife staff at Harike. The most brutal one took place on March 5, 2001, when the land mafia and fish poachers opened fire on a motorboat patrol. Many of the staff were injured. On February 2, 2011, a posse of the wildlife staff impounded a boat and motorcycle of the land mafia at Kot Kemp Khan on the Satluj, but they were waylaid by the land mafia to snatch back the bike. Three wildlife officials were seriously injured and three others, including police constable Resham Singh, suffered minor injuries in an attack by land mafia and nomads in June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15485343", "title": "Farmers beating a hasty retreat", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The agricultural sector in the district has witnessed an alarming decline in productivity (all major crops) as well as area under cultivation.The rapid urbanization has been devouring agriculture land. Also, factors like increased production cost, declining profitability and acute labour shortage are weakening the agrarian sector.Kozhikode, which used to be the top coconut producer in the state, has now slipped to 10th place in productivity. Paddy cultivation has decreased by around 50 per cent. And other major crops like pepper, arecanut, spices and vegetables too have shown a marked decline in output over the years.The decline in the agriculture sector is more pronounced in Kozhikode compared to other districts because urbanization is at its fastest here. Regional town planner G Sasikumar said around 52 villages in the district had become urban centres in the last decade.The official figures reveal an across-the-board decline. The area under paddy cultivation has decreased from 5,058 hectares in 2003 to just 3,003ha in 2011. Rice production too has slumped from 7,167 tonne in 2003 to 3,814 tonne in 2011, a fall of 47% in eight years.Agriculture experts say even this (low) figure would come down by half due to the deficient monsoon this year.Even the economically important spices like pepper and ginger are on a downward spiral in terms of production and area under cultivation. While pepper production has halved from 1,765 tonne in 2003 to 823 tonne in 2011, the extent of land under ginger cultivation has fallen to one third, from 217ha in 2003 to 78ha in 2011.\"Paddy cultivation is no more viable forcing farmers to quit the sector. And acute labour shortage has reduced the activity to almost sustenance farming in all the 12 blocks in the district, T Geetha, assistant principal agricultural officer, said.The story isn't very different when it comes to coconut production also. While productivity stood at 7,224 nuts per ha 15 years back, it is now 6,328 nuts per ha. The productivity in Tamil Nadu , in contrast, is 12,125 per ha. The drop can be attributed to the steep fall in price and the lack of effective procurement mechanism.\"The price of coconut has remained stagnant since 1980. However, there has been a tenfold increase in labour and input costs. How can the farmer bear the losses and continue in the field? And farming of food crops is going to be a thing of the past once the current generation of marginal farmers leave the field,\" said E F James, president, federation of farmers clubs in the district.He added that farming activity in the main agriculture belt along the Western Ghats had completely collapsed due to diseases and slump in prices. Though farmers have been hit by factors ranging from climate change to crop loss, there is no support structure in place for them.\"The government seems to be caught up in fancy projects like hi-tech farming even as farmers are left without fertilizer and water for irrigation,\" he added.The only saving grace in the district's agricultural scene has been the increase in rubber cultivation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15484513", "title": "Yamuna Expressway to Agra to cut travel time by 1.5 hours", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP government on Monday gave in principle approval to construction of an expressway between Lucknow and Agra. The six-lane expressway that seeks to reduce the distance between the two cities from the existing 350 km to 274 km, will pass through Yadav-dominated belt comprising districts like Etawah, Mainpuri and Kannauj.After starting from Agra, it would touch Firozabad and emerge at Malihabad near Lucknow. Proposed to come up by 2016 at an estimated cost of around Rs 9,800 crore, the ambitious project will reduce the travel time between Lucknow and Agra from existing 5 hours to 3.5 hours.The state government is also likely to put in place the annuity-based system to decide on the toll that will be charged from the commuters. Infrastructure and industrial development commissioner, Anil Kumar Gupta said that the system will ensure that the developer does not quote arbitrary toll rates. \"The traffic volume will be ascertained every year and accordingly, the toll rates will be decided,\" the IIDC said.While reviewing the project during a presentation, UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said that the expressway would help farmers to ship their produce far and wide. He said that the expressway should be seen as an extension of Yamuna Expressway which was thrown open to public use last week.\"The idea is to provide better transportation facilities to the people and farmers in the region,\" Gupta said. He said that the access-controlled expressway could be extended to eight lanes as and when required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15484547", "title": "One more held in heroin smuggling case", "text": "JAISALMER: One more local smuggler was arrested on Saturday for smuggling 8kg of heroin from Pakistan through the Jaisalmer border on August 5. The heroin packets were to be delivered to smugglers in Punjab. One of the local smugglers was arrested earlier.According to sources, Pyare Khan, son of Sathar Khan, a resident of Mehrana Mandala in Jaisalmer, has been charged with bringing heroin from Pakistan by crossing the border. Including him, the role of five local smugglers have so far come to light in the case. One Jam Khan was caught earlier. Three Punjab smugglers, who were to take the consignments from the local men, were also arrested earlier.Pyare Khan, during questioning, said he and his colleague went to Pakistan on August 5 by crossing the border in shifting dunes area. Inside Pakistan, a smuggler was waiting for them. They took the consignment from him and returned.On Sunday, Pyare Khan was taken to that place from where he entered Pakistan. Initially, Khan was confused, but later he identified the place.Khan was produced in the court of additional chief judicial magistrate, Pokhran, which sent him to three days police custody.Sources said that some smugglers in Delhi had directed their counterparts in Punjab to collect the consignment from Jam Khan in Jaisalmer. The Delhi smugglers were in contact with the Pak smugglers. The Pak smugglers asked Jam Khan to deliver the consignment to the heroin smugglers of Punjab and the Punjab smugglers were directed to give Rs 6 lakh to Jam Khan. ATS and police had recovered Rs 4.65 lakh from these smugglers which were to be given to Jam Khan.Sources said that ATS and police are investigating whether more consignments of heroin were brought from Pakistan to India. At present, these two smugglers were being interrogated. Out of three Punjab smugglers who are in police custody, two are addicted to opium. Since they are not getting their drugs in the police station, their situation is bad, said sources.Meanwhile, Jaisalmer SP Mamta Vishnoi said that due to the seriousness of the case, the ATS has been handed over the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15485423", "title": "Dahi handi claims one, ward corporator booked", "text": "NAGPUR: Janmashtami's dahi handi celebrations in the city turned tragic after a 32-year-old onlooker died of suffocation when some people from the dahi handi troupe fell on him at the festival organized in Wathoda area on Sunday evening.Wathoda corporator Pravin Naral had organized the celebrations for the first time in the area but had not taken permission from nearby Nandanwan police. No medical emergency teams were present at the venue.\"The investigation found Naral guilty of negligence. Hence, he and a few of the troupe members were booked for culpable homicide not amounting to murder,\" said Sunil Jaiswal, senior police inspector.The event had been organized in an open ground near the Hanuman temple and the handi was placed some 20 feet high.Bagde Moholla resident Sachin Bagde, a labourer in a private company, was the sole bread earner for his wife and one-year-old daughter. Around 7pm, he left home after dinner to watch the celebrations being held for the first time in the area.Witnesses claimed that the troupe trying to break the handi consisted of around 20 local youths, and was not experienced. \"Bagde was standing a few steps away from the pyramid. Due to lack of experience, the local youths couldn't balance and fell after the curd handi was broken,\" said a witness, who refused to be named. Some of the youths from the pyramid fell on Bagde, causing him to lose consciousness due to suffocation.Residents at the celebration claimed that though Bagde's condition was serious, Naral and others didn't take immediate action. \"Instead of hospital, they took him inside the temple to give Bagde some rest. Assuming Bagde was drunk and thus drowsy, he was left there for half-an-hour,\" claimed the witness.However, when there was no movement from Bagde, he was rushed to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), where he was declared brought dead. People also claimed that the troupe members didn't inform the police or doctors, and took the body straight from GMCH to his house.On being informed by the hospital staff, cops reached the spot and sent the body for post mortem.Earlier, police had registered a case of accidental death. Later, on a complaint by Bagde's father, Gulabrao, Nandanwan police booked Naral and a few youths for the death. Bagde's family and relatives have also demanded compensation for his family from Naral and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15484601", "title": "Highlighting corruption has cost me: Bidhuri", "text": "JAIPUR: At a time when yoga guru Baba Ramdev and the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) have launched a nationwide campaign to dethrone Congress on the corruption issue, chief minister Ashok Gehlot has been accused of shielding the corrupt in Rajasthan and that too by a member of his own ministerial team.Legislator Khachariawas has put the Gehlot government in the dock on several occasions on governance matters, while chief whip Sharma indirectly hit out at the chief minister recently when he told a local daily that \"right persons\" were not given the ministerial responsibilities and demanded that non-performing ministers be shunted out.Bidhuri stressed that he was \"paying a price\" for complaining to the chief minister in writing about a Rs 1.67 crore scam in Congress's flagship programme, the ( MNREGS), highlighting corruption cases in the energy and the transport departments and opposing certain ministers' arbitrary style of functioning that was damaging the ruling party's image.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15485163", "title": "Hudco vetting Water Board\u2019s assets on Rs 1000 crore loan request", "text": "HYDERABAD: A three-member Housing and Urban Development Corporation (Hudco) team on Monday held discussion with Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) officials in connection with the Rs 1,000 crore loan for the Godavari drinking water supply project (Maulana Abul Kalam Hyderabad Srujala Sravanti Scheme). The Hudco team sought details of the Water Board's assets and other financial issues.\"We had detailed discussions with the Hudco team and gave details about our assets (land). They expressed their satisfaction. We are expecting Hudco to give the loan next week,\" HMWS&SB; director-projects, M Satyanarayana told TOI.\"We will spend the loan on laying new pipelines for the drinking water project. Already, the pipeline work is progressing at a brisk pace and the project will be completed by the end of 2013,\" the official said.However, the official did not reveal details about the assets which have been identified as collateral for the Rs 1,000-crore loan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15488180", "title": "Marathi film vs Tiger gets political", "text": "Political outfits in the state have not taken too kindly to theatre owners' decision to replace the Marathi film Bhartiya with Ek Tha Tiger within a week.On Monday, representatives from both Shiv Sena and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) staged a protest at the PVR multiplex in Lower Parel after producer of Bhartiya, Abhijeet Gholap apparently appealed to both parties to save his film.Both the parties ordered the multiplex management to let the Marathi film complete a week's run at least. If PVR fails to comply, they may have to face further agitation from both parties.MNS complained that theatre owners are often partial to big budget Bollywood productions and sideline Marathi cinema. \"The state government has issued guidelines to theatre owners about Marathi films, but they do not follow it. If they are not ready to comply, we will start a protest,\" said Shalini Thackeray, secretary of Maharashtra Navnirman Chitrapat Sena (MNS's film wing).Interestingly, on Monday, after MNS representatives were done protesting in the theatre, Shiv Sena took over. They also submitted a memorandum to the theatre management and asked them to follow the guidelines issued by the state government.\"Actually, the theatre management had planned to remove Bhartiya from their screens. However, we issued a warning to them yesterday. After that, they dropped their plan,\" said Abhijeet Panase, President of Bhartiya Chitrapat Sena (Shivsena's film wing).\"If other multiplexes fail to follow the government's guideline, we will take things in our hands,\" added Panase.Pandurang Mhaske", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15486627", "title": "Bottleneck at end of Yamuna Expressway makes travel to Taj painful", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Even as the Yamuna Expressway has brought Agra closer to the NCR, bottlenecks at the exit point near Agra has reduced the efficiency of the high-speed corridor. Many commuters who travelled on the e-way since its launch on August 9 complain that though the drive from Greater Noida took just about two hours, before one exits near Agra it takes as much time reaching the Taj Mahal as traffic moves at a snail's pace.After a distance of 165 kilemetres, the expressway ends well before the Taj and commuters have two routes to travel on from there. One is the 14km-long (Kanpur) service lane which leads to the Taj in 35 minutes and the other is an hour-long route, which traverses via the 23km-long Jeevani Mandi road and is considered the worst stretch.While Jaypee officials agree that there is a dire need for a ring road at the point to provide a smoother access to the Taj Mahal, sources inform that the plans for the project continue to remain in the proposal stage. For the past two years, Agra Development Authority has been proposing to construct a ring road as part of its integrated unban rejuvenation plan. While land for the ring road project has already been acquired, the project continues to await the green signal.The authority had earmarked construction of the 8-lane access controlled ring road, according to Master Plan Map 2021, measuring nearly 20km under the PPP mode. \"Initially, Jaypee group was to build this road, but it has now withdrawn from the project,\" sources informed. The local administration along with the Uttar Pradesh government need to give the go-ahead for the long-pending project, sources said.Meanwhile, the journey from the expressway to the Taj has turned into a disappointment for many commuters. With the Independence Day holiday, there could be more traffic congestion. \"It took us nearly two hours to reach the Taj last weekend and as much time on the way back to the expressway. The endless traffic jam took away the thrill of travelling on the e-way,\" said a visitor to the Taj.Commuters said that the administration needs to anticipate the rush, especially on holidays and weekends, and make arrangements to cope with the extra vehicles that are making their way to Agra. \"The connectivity of the last mile to the Taj Mahal needs to be addressed and smoothened out. What is the point of the state-of-the-art expressway when the infrastructure within the city is not upgraded?\" asked another commuter, Shyamveer.At the opening ceremony of the Yamuna Expressway, Sameer Gaur, Joint MD of Jaypee Infratech , on the issue of last-mile connectivity had said that \"land has been acquired and we will soon sort the issue out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15483854", "title": "CBI may seek another extension", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After getting six extensions, Central Bureau of Investigation is likely to seek another one from the Supreme Court to complete its probe into the Tulsiram Prajapati encounter case. When CBI last sought a month's time in June end, the court granted six weeks, asking it to file report before the CBI court by August 14.However, the CBI has still not filed a chargesheet in this case. After a three-year long probe by CID (crime), the apex court found that there were loopholes in investigation and the state agency could not pinpoint the motive for the alleged killing of Tulsiram. The court handed over the probe to CBI on April 8 last year, asking it to complete the probe in six months.Sources in the CBI said that investigators may request for 15 more days to complete the probe and file a chargesheet. According to the CBI's version before the SC, the delay was caused mainly because the Investigating Officer was transferred. At the fag end of the probe, earlier this year, DySP Vinay Kumar was withdrawn and IPS officer Sandip Tamgade took over as IO. He was already a supervising authority then.CBI has been maintaining in chargesheets in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case that Tulsiram, a close aide of Sheikh, was the third person travelling with Sheikh and his wife Kauserbi in a bus from Hyderabad to Sangli. A former supervisory officer and ADGP Geetha Johri claimed the third person was Kalimuddin alias Nayemuddin, an absconder and naxalite from Andhra Pradesh.Tulsiram was killed in an encounter on December 28, 2006 near Chhapri village on the Gujarat-Rajasthan border. CID (crime) has charged 13 cops including four IPS officers from two states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15486063", "title": "Kumkis lift exhausted jumbo", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 50-year-old male elephant, which was found lying down exhausted in a field in Karadimadai, was lifted with the help of two kumki elephants and an earth mover on Monday. Sources said the elephant had entered the field on the foothills of the Western Ghats and was eating pumpkins when it lay down. However, it could not get up due to exhaustion. Villagers noticed the elephant early Monday morning and informed the forest officials.According to villagers, the elephant has been regular in these parts for over a month and often raided fields in and around Karadimadai. It is feared that the elephant may have been separated from its herd.Two kumki elephants - Nanchan and Pari - were brought in from Chadivayal to lift the elephant. By then, a huge crowd had gathered to watch the operation.\"The elephant was old and it was exhausted. It was lying down in patta land. We gave it pain killers and 10 bottles of glucose after which the elephant got up. However, it has turned uncooperative and is roaming in the area. We are waiting for dusk to get the elephant to join its herd. We will drive away the elephant into the forest with the kumkis and by using crackers,\" said district forest officer V Thirunavukkarasu.Coimbatore: A solitary male 50-year-old elephant that lay on the ground in sheer exhaustion had to be lifted using an earth mover and two kumki elephants in Karadimadai on the foothills of the Western Ghats on Monday. Sources said the elephant had entered a field in Karadimadai and was eating pumpkins when it lay down. However, it could not get up due to exhaustion and was noticed by villagers early on Monday morning.The elephant was regular in these parts and used to often raid fields in the area. Reports say that the elephant used to roam the areas in and around Karadimadai for over a month. It is feared that the elephant may have separated from its herd.Villagers, who found the elephant lying down, informed the forest department. The two kumkis - Nanchan and Pari - were brought in from Chadivayal to lift the elephant. By this time, a crowd had gathered to watch the incident.\"The elephant was old. It was exhausted. It was lying down in patta land and was noticed by villagers. We gave it pain killers and 10 bottles of glucose after which the elephant got up and is roaming around. However, it has turned uncooperative. We are waiting for dusk to get the elephant to join its herd. We will drive the elephant into the forest with the kumkis and using crackers,\" said district forest officer V Thirunavukkarasu said.Thirunavukkararasu was accompanied by a team of forest officials and veterinary doctor Manoharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15486307", "title": "Depression and stress can shrink your brain: Study", "text": "WASHINGTON: Severe depression or chronic stress can cause your brain to shrink and lead to emotional and cognitive impairment, a new study has claimed. A team of researchers led by Yale scientists discovered that one reason for this condition is a single genetic switch that triggers loss of brain connections in humans and depression in animal models.The findings, published in the journal 'Nature Medicine' , show that the genetic switch known as a transcription factor represses the expression of several genes that are necessary for the formation of synaptic connections between brain cells, which in turn could contribute to loss of brain mass in the prefrontal cortex of the brain.\"We wanted to test the idea that stress causes a loss of brain synapses in humans ,\" said senior author Ronald Duman, the Elizabeth Mears and House Jameson professor of psychiatry and professor of neurobiology and of pharmacology.\"We show that circuits normally involved in emotion , as well as cognition, are disrupted when this single transcription factor is activated ,\" Duman said.Scientists analysed tissue of depressed and non-depressed patients donated from a brain bank and looked for different patterns of gene activation. The brains of patients who were in depression exhibited lower levels of expression in genes that are required for function and structure of brain synapses.Lead author and postdoctoral researcher H J Kang discovered that at least five of these genes could be regulated by a single transcription factor called GATA1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15485035", "title": "Multiple burglaries in Hyderabad, 62 tola gold jewellery looted", "text": "HYDERABAD: Burglars gained entry into five houses in different areas of the city and escaped with 62 tolas of gold on Monday.The first incident took place at soft skills' trainer B Prasad's house at Indranagar in Jeedimetla. According to the police, Prasad along with his family members went to his native place, Proddutur, a week ago to attend a funeral. When the family returned on Monday morning, they found the main door lock broken. \"The burglars succeeded in opening the iron safe in the bedroom and escaped with 12 tolas of gold,\" Jeedimetla inspector A Sanjeeva Rao said.In another incident, burglars entered four flats on the third floor of Dolphin Estates apartment in Miyapur on Monday morning and escaped with 50 tolas of gold and silver jewellery.Deputy commissioner of police (DCP), Madhapur, T Yoganand, who visited the spot, said that there are nine flats on the third floor of Dolphin Estates and five of them were locked as the inmates had either gone for work or were on vacation. \"Burglars broke the main door locks of four flats and stole valuables from these houses,\" the DCP said.Miyapur inspector A Sudheer Kumar said 30 tolas of gold were stolen from Deloitte employee Chandrabhan's flat and seven tolas went missing from Western Solutions employee Srinivas' flat. \"The flats of Rajshri Roy and Lavanya were also burgled, but as they are still out of station, we are yet to know the loss of property. We suspect that the loss of property will be around 50 tolas,\" the inspector added.Clues team visited the spot and collected fingerprints. In both the incidents, police have booked burglary cases and started an investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15484303", "title": "Independence Day: Tainted minister Gulabrao Deokar to preside over the event", "text": "MUMBAI: NCP minister Gulabrao Deokar, who is under investigation over his alleged involvement in a low-cost housing construction scam, will hoist the national flag on August 15 in his hometown Jalgaon.The state's decision in this regard has baffled many in political circles, as Deokar is one of the accused in the Jalgaon housing scandal and the Bombay high court had recently rejected his bail application. The Supreme Court, however, has stayed the proceedings, giving a brief reprieve to the controversial minister. Deokar has tendered his resignation to the NCP, but the party is yet to decide whether to retain him in the state cabinet or not, given the magnitude of the scam.The state has chosen Deokar to unfurl the flag on Independence Day in Jalgaon in keeping with official protocol, as Deokar is the guardian minister for Jalgaon, Mantralaya sources said.The guardian minister is responsible for all official tasks in his district and hence Deokar has been entrusted with the task of presiding over I-day celebrations, sources said.However, the state's decision has angered the Shiv Sena-BJP combine. State BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar on Monday said Deokar should not be allowed to unfurl the flag in Jalgaon as \"his hands are not clean\". The Sena's Jalgaon unit is planning an anti-Deokar agitation over the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15484947", "title": "Student goes missing", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 23-year-old degree student, who also runs a computer servicing centre, has gone missing under suspicious circumstances from his office at KPHB on Monday.Pradeep, a native of Lingala village in Krishna district, is a final year student of Wesley College, Secunderabad. Pradeep runs a computer servicing centre at KPHB along with his friends Abbas and Rafi.On Monday morning, when Rafi opened the shop, he found Pradeep's footwear and cellphone on the floor and blood stains on the tables.Rafi immediately alerted Pradeep's family members and police were informed about the incident. Sniffer dogs walked up to a nearby liquor shop.Pradeep's family members told the police that he left the house on Sunday evening saying that he had some work at the shop and would sleep there for the night.Police have booked a missing case and launched a hunt to trace him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15484449", "title": "This temple has shaped up Lucknow\u2019s intellectual quotient", "text": "LUCKNOW: From being one of the prominent centres of the First War of Indian Independence dating back to 1857 to the strategic venue of Lucknow Pact in 1916, the 1920's Khilafat Movement and eventually the power centre of India's most populous state, Lucknow has evolved as an important destination on the nation's political landscape. While some of the monuments still exist to narrate their tales of glory, others have faded into oblivion.One of these historical places, which has grown with the city since the First War of Indian Independence and has been witness to each and every development that the city underwent in its odyssey, is the Kali Bari. A temple dedicated to Goddess Kali, which is barely six years younger to the famous revolt, which shook the foundation of the British Empire. Located in the by-lanes of Ghasiyari Mandi, this temple not only commands the devotion and faith of thousands of devotees, who flock here frequently to seek solace to their woes, but has also played a major role in improving the social and educational atmosphere and infrastructure of the city.And as the nation today stands on the threshold of attaining 65 years of freedom, this temple enters into its 150th year of existence. Tuesday would indeed be a proud moment for the temple management as well as the devotees, as the 149th Praan Pratishthaa Diwas would be celebrated with full religious fervour. Special worship of Shri Shri Shavshiva Mata has been planned for this occasion. On Monday, the temple formally kicked off the 150th year celebrations with a programme of devotional songs, dedicated to the goddess.Former deputy director of Birbal Sahni Institute of Palaeobotany, PK Maithy, who is now the secretary, board of trustees, Kali Bari Temple Trust, says, \"In the past, Kali Bari not only remained a centre of religious functions, but also was the epicentre of various ideations, which had a major impact on the educational and social set-up of the City of Nawabs. The Canning Collegiate Primary School was started here in the memory of Lord Canning, which in due course of time evolved into well known Canning College, the main constituent college of Lucknow University. The Hindu Girls' School initiated at Kali Bari temple is now known as Mahila Mahavidyalaya. Another educational institution, which owes its genesis to the temple, is the Mahakali Paathshala, which subsequently bifurcated into Boys' Anglo Bengali Inter College and Harimati Girls' School. AP Sen Memorial Post Graduate College is the current incarnation of the Harimati Girls' School. The foundation of Friends' Gaiety - the precursor to Bengali Club and Young Men's Association also took place here.\"The temple land of KBTT was obtained from the then military municipal committee, Lucknow. At that time, the small Bengali community of Lucknow had acquired the land under KC Chatterjee working in military accounts commissariat.\"On August 18, 1864, the military municipal committee passed a resolution (number 104) and granted plot number 312, Ghasiyari Mandi to the Bengali community for the installation of a temple of goddess Kali and to carry out religious and other charitable activities. In the beginning, the idol of goddess Kali was installed in a small room with thatched roof. This idol was in the traditional standing posture,\" said the secretary, board of trustees, KBTT.When asked to elaborate on the current idol of the goddess is sitting posture, Maithy said, \"The idea of the present idol was conceived by Madhusudan Mukherji, who was employed as the first priest of the temple. It is said that Madhusudan drew this inspiration from a divine dream. The present configuration of the celestial idol has Lord Shiva in nishkriya (inactive) manifestation supporting Mahakal over whom the eternal mother is seated. The entire set-up rests on a 'Panch-Munda Asan' made up of five human skulls. The present temple structure was built in 1904-05 by donation from the maharani of Darbhanga. The construction of the temple was completed by Shaligram, a local contractor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15485528", "title": "Mentally-ill woman reunited with family after 17 years", "text": "CHENNAI: A mentally-ill woman, who has been in the care of a city-based NGO since being rescued from the streets in the Elephant Gate area in 1996, has finally helped the NGO trace her family in Uttarakhand.H Deepa (50), who was reunited with her family on Saturday last at the office of the NGO, Udhavum Karangal, in Thiruverkadu, was flanked by her daughter Archana and son Suraj.Suraj, a second year BA student of a private college in Nainital, told TOI, \"my mother is singing Tamil songs. I didn't understand anything, but I am happy she is back.\" Deepa's husband Harishlal, who brought up their four daughters and one son since Deepa disappeared in 1996, died of an illness early this year.Sources said Deepa had landed up at Chennai Central. She was roaming the streets before being rescued by volunteers of Udhavum Karangal. \"We received information about Deepa roaming the streets from staff of a transport firm in the Elephant Gate area. We found she had been sexually assaulted. There were severe bruises all over her body. She was treated at a hospital before being brought to the NGO home where she remained all these years,\" said P N Sundaresan, a volunteer\"Deepa remembered her past only a month ago and told a volunteer who has been taking care of her since 1996 that she was from Uttarakhan,\" Udhavum Karangal director S Vidyakar said.Slowly, her story came out in bits, he said. They launched a search in Halldauni near Nainital but failed to trace her residence. Volunteer then approached some newspapers who published Deepa's plight. \"A week later, we got a call from a woman named Vandhana of Mumbai,\" Vidyakar said.Vandhana, it turned out, was one of Deepa's daughters and lived with her husband Ramji Murari, a businessman, in Mumbai. Soon, the other family members were informed and Deepa was rescued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15484726", "title": "Ashok Gehlot lends an ear as elderly seek pension", "text": "JAIPUR: The skies poured out like never before, but it did not deter thousands of old men and women who gathered from across the state seeking universal old age pension. And their triumph lay in not just defeating the rain gods but in managing to ensure that chief minister Ashok Gehlot had to pull himself up despite a poor health and be a part of the movement at Udyog Maidan on Monday.This is the first time that a chief minister had made it to a gathering for a people's movement at Udyog Maidan.\"Arunaji (Aruna Roy) insisted that I come here and so I came along,\" said Gehlot. \"When I was told that thousands of old men and women from across the state have come here, I had to come and meet you all here. And the fact that I am here reflects that I am with you. But I don't want to make false promises. Give me your demands and I assure you that I will have it examined,\" he said.Hidden among the much resolved and enthusiastic faces were some who had gone empty stomach for days. Sixty eight-year-old Kamla Bai Mochi of Ajmer has not eaten since long. Deserted by her sons, she and her 72-year-old husband did not have any source of livelihood. Not better off was 56-year-old Heeralal and his wife. With a family of nine and just two bighas of land, food was as rare as the MGNREGA job that the have been applying for.Talking before the 6,000 strong gathering, Narsi Ram, a visually challenged, made it clear that, \"we do not want charity from government. What we are asking is our right to pension in order to live a life of dignity.\"The determination of the thousands that had come to the meeting was evident in more ways than one. Nearly 5,000 elderly people have contributed from Rs 20 to Rs 100 to enable 500 people to participate in public meeting. \"To meet my travel cost of Rs 3,00, I spent Rs 100 and ten other people from my village contributed Rs 200 and made it possible for me to be in Jaipur,\" stated Kamala Hukam Singh from Shankargarh.\"We will make this an election issue during the 2013-14 polls. Why have a government at all if it cannot ensure that its people are able to eat and live. The government must declare pension for all those who do not get pension under any organised scheme. It should be at least 50% of the minimum wages of Rs 2,000 whichever is more and it must be linked to the inflation,\" said Nikhil Dey of the Pension Parishad.The Parishad, which has organised similar meetings at Chennai and Karnataka, after their five day dharna at the Jantar Mantar in Delhi about eight months back, will now take it to other states. In the city on Monday, the meeting saw politicians from Congress, BJP and the CPI pitch in their support from early morning.According to Dey, about 8.2 % of the country's population comprises old persons. \"Among them there are many who are from families who are forced to migrate to other places in search of work. And in such conditions there is little other option than to leave their parents alone. In Rajasthan, those retiring every year from the goverment's workforce, that comprises 1 % of the total population, are give pension worth Rs 5,000 to Rs 6,000 crore while for those retiring from amongst the 99% there is just a paltry sum of Rs 356 crore. In such circumstances it is mandatory that the government implements a mandatory universal old age pension,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15483505", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation to go in for cloud seeding, project to take off in September", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has decided to consider the option for cloud seeding due to rains playing truant in the catchment areas. Additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota told TOI on Monday, the civic administration has decided to go ahead with cloud seeding and leaders of all parties will be informed about the decision on Tuesday.It will take 15 days for the civic body to chalk out a concrete plan on cloud seeding and the project will take off only in September. \"We will discuss it with the politicians tomorrow. It will take 15 days to utilize this technology depending on the rainfall,\" Jalota said.Last week, the civic body had organized a video-conference at the BKC office of Mekorot-Israel's national water company, which has been roped in for the project, on the possibility of cloud seeding to induce artificial rain in the catchment areas of two of the six lakes that supply water to Mumbai. After studying Mekorot's report, IIT opined that the clouds are seedable, officials said.\"The firm will provide aircraft, manpower and equipment for cloud seeding. IMD will provide the radar. The process will involve sprinkling of airplanes, sprinkling sodium chloride or silver iodide crystals on clouds to induce precipitation and subsequently rain,\" said Jalota. The experiment will be conducted in the Bhatsa and Upper Vaitarna catchments. The base for the planes will be the Ozar airfield in Nashik. \"Mekorot will send a detailed technical report on the process,\" said Jalota.In 2009, attempts were made over Tansa and Modak Sagar lakes with the help of Hyderabad-based Agni Aviation and the BMC spent Rs 8 crore on the project. Officials said the experiment failed as the BMC couldn't calculate the difference in amount of rainfall in catchment areas after cloud seeding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484658", "title": "CAG to be out of bag on Aug 16, may cause tumult", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the government likely to table three-much awaited CAG reports, August 16 could be the first tumultuous day of the ongoing monsoon session, which, going by contemporary standards, has been unusually peaceful.The audit reports on allocation of coal mines or Coalgate, diversion of excess coal from blocks earmarked for the Sasan Ultra Mega Power Project and the concessions allegedly given to the promoters of IGI airport in Delhi may spell fresh trouble for the government, while coming handy for the opposition.Sources said the reports may be tabled once Parliament resumes \u2014 possibly on August 16 \u2014 after the Independence Day break. The delay in tabling the reports in Parliament triggered controversy, with the opposition accusing the government of trying to keep \"scams\" under wraps.Given that it was the CAG report which validated the charge of a mega-scam in the allocation of spectrum licences denting the government's standing, the UPA managers are understandably worried about the fallout of the fresh tranche of auditor's findings.Of the three reports, the government should be particularly wary of the one on allocation of coal mines as the CAG has covered the cases when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had held the ministry. The government is likely to argue that the CBI was already looking into the allocation of coal mines and may help by the simultaneous tabling of the three reports. Its troubles could have been compounded if the reports were filed separately.The CAG had initially said the government gave away undue benefit of Rs 10.76 lakh crore to private and state-run companies by allotting coal blocks without bidding. It later pared the estimate to Rs 1.86 lakh crore by removing the state entities at the instance of the coal ministry which argued that these allottees were in any case audited separately.Politically, it could be a headache for the government which was relieved over the dampened response to civil society's campaign against the Centre this month. While the crowds stayed away from Hazare's dharna, the turnout at Ramdev's Ramlila Maidan campaign failed to generate a momentum that would have worried the Centre.Monday saw the BJP and JD(U) along with other anti-Congress formations, the BJD and TDP throwing a lifeline to Ramdev when his campaign had appeared to be sputtering out. The anti-UPA bloc will gladly seize upon the audit watchdog's verdict to press the charge of corruption against the Centre.The audit reports may also help lift the morale of Team Anna which has raised the issue of Coalgate and other scams but without the success it recorded a year ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15485907", "title": "Indore gets 56mm excess rainfall", "text": "INDORE: Thanks to the incessant rainfall received in the last couple of days, Indore city has covered its rainfall quota for the year. In fact, the city which had rainfall deficit of 48% till July-end, has now received a good 56 mm excess rainfall than the corresponding period last year.The total rainfall the city received till date this season is 538.5mm whereas it was 482.5mm for the corresponding period the previous year.Indore region has received a fair amount of rainfall in the last 24 hours. Gautampura received 12.9 mm rainfall, Mhow 14.0mm, Depalpur 9.4mm, Sanwer 6.4 mm and Indore received 12.4mm rainfall in the last 24 hours. Met officials say, the city may receive more light showers in the next 24 hours.The Met officials predict 15 August to be a rainy day. They expect clouds to hover over the city and rainfall to resume right on the eve of Independence Day. The showers may continue through the day on August 15. They further expect some clear skies after the Independence Day. It is the cyclonic pressures over Chhattisgarh and Gujarat states that are attracting moisture in the region, the Met officials stated.The rainfalls though in varied intensities, are expected to continue till September mid. \"We are expecting the total amount of rainfall received to cross well above 800mm this year, as the monsoon will last till the first week of September,\" a met official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15486100", "title": "Siblings' murder: Judge who recorded confession statement cross examined", "text": "COIMBATORE: L S Sathiyamurthy, judge of Kulithalai munsif court in Karur district, appeared before a mahila court on Monday as a witness and was cross examined for the second time by the defence counsel on Monday in connection with the Muskan- Hrithik siblings murder case. Sathiyamurthy had recorded the confession statement of the accused, Manoharan, when he was judicial magistrate at JM court -I, here.The case came up for hearing before the mahila court judge M P Subramaniam on Monday. The munsif court judge Sathiyamurthy was cross examined for 20 minutes by A Sharmila, defence counsel for Manoharan. She had argued that the magistrate must record the statement in the open court instead of doing it in camera. But Sathiyamurthy clarified that he recorded the statement of Manoharan as per the stipulated rules and regulations. He told it was an important statement which could not be recorded in the open court.The defence lawyer argued that Manoharan was assaulted by some prisoners in the Coimbatore central prison, few days before he gave the confession statement. She argued that the magistrate did not inquire about the injuries Manoharan suffered in the incident. Sathiyamurthy replied that Manoharan had said he was not assaulted by anyone in jail during the questioning in court and his statement was recorded after that.The siblings murder case trial has now reached the final stage as the cross examination of all the witnesses are over. The case was adjourned to August 21, when the investigation officer M Kanaga Sabapathy will be cross-examined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15483647", "title": "Accord non-implementation cause of ethnic riots: All Assam Students' Union", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Assam Students' Union (Aasu) carried out two parallel protests in the city on Monday to express concern over non-implementation of Assam Accord even after 27 years since the historic pact was signed.Aasu protesters burned effigies of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde , chief minister Tarun Gogoi and minister-in-charge Assam Accord Himanta Biswa Sarma during two separate protest meets held near Cotton College and Gauhati University. It blamed non-implementation of the Accord which according to them gave illegal immigrants an easy hand to settle in Assam, to be the main cause of ethnic clashes in western Assam.The protests, a part of two-day agitation against the government, were carried out simultaneously across districts and sub divisional headquarters by the student organization. \"The recent strife was a fallout of non- implementation of the Accord. Until and unless the core principles of the Accord are implemented properly, the region will continue to see such bloody repercussions. For 27 years, both the state and the central governments have been playing with the sentiments of people in Assam,\" said Aasu adviser Samujjal Bhattacharya.The accord, which will complete its 27th year on August 15, was an outcome of the Assam Agitation. To reach a settlement, the Accord was signed between Aasu leaders and representatives of erstwhile AAGSP (All Assam Gana Sangram Parishad) and former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi on August 15, 1985. The Accord was a result of a continuous agitation to highlight the problem of influx of foreigners from neighbouring Bangladesh and to solve it within constitutional and legal provisions.\"Twenty seven years ago, we were given an assurance but with so many governments at the helm of affairs, we got a raw deal. We and the people of Assam had to raise our voice against this problem and all the while the Congress and rest of the political parties, who were in power, remained silent. In 2005, we were invited for talks to update the National Register of Citizens (NRC) and also given an assurance but to no avail. We want the core principles of the Accord implemented as soon as possible,\" said Shankar Prasad Rai, president of Aasu.Bhattacharjya added, \"What the chief minister had said by asking the person to pick out foreigners is farcical and we reject what Digvijay Singh had said that those with ration cards will be rehabilitated. We need a timeframe for a time bound action plan\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15484036", "title": "Ramdev stir gets support in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Support for Baba Ramdev's movement against corruption gained momentum in the state with the NDA openly coming out in his support. As BJP national president Nitin Gadkari and NDA convener Sharad Yadav shared dais with Ramdev at the Ramlila grounds in New Delhi, back home the political parties were waiting for direction from the central leadership to decide further course of action.State BJP vice-president Deepak Prakash said the party was with the popular movement of Baba Ramdev since beginning and had also extended moral support to Anna Hazare's crusade against corruption. \"This could be termed as the first physical appearance of our national president with the agitators at the Ramlila grounds and we are ready to take forward any strategy adopted by our national leadership,\" he said. He admitted that the movement against corruption was now specifically directed against the Congress and the BJP has no hesitation in supporting or participating in it.Asked how the state BJP would withstand the protest against the UPA given the fact that its ally Jharkhand Mukti Morcha is supporting the Congress government at the Centre, Prakash said the JMM was not a part of the UPA at the Centre. \"We have faced such situations earlier during the recent presidential elections when the JMM supported the Congress for presidential election but came with the BJP during election for the post of Vice-President,\" he said.Members of Bharat Swabhiman, a socio-cultural organization floated by Ramdev, also sounded hopeful with the massive political support that the movement has garnered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15485593", "title": "Teachers get tips to make maths fun", "text": "MYSORE: There is lack of interest among students towards basic science and mathematics due to lack of encouragement, said JSS Science Foundation director K Siddappa on Monday.\"At high school stage, students decide about what they want to be and work towards that. Teachers have to create interest among the students about basic science and mathematics, \" he said at the inaugural of the two-day workshop for high school science and mathematics teachers at the Academic Staff College.The event was organized by University of Mysore's committee for the Development of Science in School (CDSS).Teachers are trained about the effective use of technology in classrooms on the occasion. JSS Science Foundation has prepared CDs related to new science and maths syllabus for 8th standard students. Around Rs 2 crore has been spent for preparing separate CDs for physics, chemistry, biology and mathematics.CDSS founder chairman P Venkataramaiah said \"Teachers have to teach students effectively using CDs. They contain visual images along with the text. Many schools have computers and projectors, but they do not know how to use it and this workshop will help them to know about it,\" he added.Around 40 teachers from 25 high schools from all seven taluks of Mysore district are taking part in the workshop. University of Mysore has bought 25 sets of CDs which will be distributed to 25 schools free of cost. Six resource persons from Bangalore and Mysore are training the teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484597", "title": "Heavy rain likely to lash Delhi today", "text": "NEW DELHI: A sudden turn of weather got the week off to a manic start on Monday. The day started sunny but when central Delhi came under siege from anti-corruption crusaders in the afternoon, rain fell in sheets, adding to the chaos on the roads. The Met department recorded 14.4mm rainfall till 5.30pm and has predicted an increase in rainfall activity on Tuesday.\"Northwest India is being affected both by a cyclonic circulation and the north-south oscillation of the monsoon trough. On Monday, the axis passed through Jaisalmer, Jodhpur, through the centre of the low pressure area, Khajuraho, Gaya, Bankura, Kolkata and then southeastwards to east-central Bay of Bengal. It is likely to shift again shortly. Because of that, we are expecting an increase in rainfall on Tuesday, after which there will be a brief reduction in rain till the end of the week. Rain should pick up again from Saturday due to another low pressure area forming over the Bay of Bengal,\" said a Met official.Rainfall occurred in spurts \u2014 the first spell being recorded around 1.30pm and the second and heavier one at 4pm. This continued as a light drizzle till late evening. The Ridge recorded the highest amount of rain at 19.3mm, followed by Lodhi Road and Ayanagar with 10.7mm respectively and Pusa Road with 9mm. Other regions recorded light to no rain. The day temperature on Monday remained a comfortable 33.2 degrees Celsius while the minimum temperature was 26.8 degrees Celsius.Monday's rainfall has taken Delhi's seasonal total to 183.5mm. Till morning, the deficiency at Safdarjung was 223mm while that at Palam was 190mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15485768", "title": "Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation draws boos from rural bodies", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation's decision to include 21 gram panchayats (GP) in its jurisdiction has not gone down well with people of five of those GPs.Nearly 40,000 people in 28 villages in Barimunda, Kalyanpur, Dadha, Raghunathpur and Kalarahanga panchayat areas in Bhubaneswar North assembly constituency do not want the BMC to look after them, as they feel the civic body has failed to deliver civic amenities to its existing 60 wards.The BMC, in its recent council meeting, passed a resolution to annex 21 GPs along with two revenue villages to reach the one million-population mark. It will fetch more central aid for different projects.\"We do not oppose urbanization. But we do not trust the service of BMC, whose performance is very poor in the city. Once included in BMC's jurisdiction, we will have to pay more taxes for different facilities,\" said zila parishad member Basanti Patra. \"We have written to the housing and urban development department to scrap the proposal,\" she said.\"Our villages are getting ample funds and people here enjoy very good facilities under various rural schemes. It will not benefit us if the villages go under BMC jurisdiction,\" said Subash Patra, another villager.Bhubaneswar North MLA Bhagirathi Badajena too has thrown his support behind the villagers. \"I do not see anything wrong in the contention of villagers. Their apprehension is justified as BMC has failed to provide basic amenities to people in many wards in the city. If BMC pledges to provide the best service, then it's okay,\" Badajena told TOI.At present, the city has 60 wards comprising 46 revenue villages with a population of around 8.37 lakh. The BMC area is spread over 135 sqkm, sources said.Reacting to the development, city mayor A N Jena said, \"Population yardstick of a city plays an important role in getting financial assistance from the Centre. If the population here exceeds 10 lakh, the city would be entitled to draw more funds. The BMC has been providing good services to the citizens and will continue to do so in future.\"\"We want to urbanize the city outskirts that has grown by leaps and bounds over the past few years. We need to regulate the unplanned and chaotic development outside the BMC area,\" he added.The city's population has increased by 1.90 lakh in the last 10 years when the state's population increased from 3.68 crore in 2001 to 4.19 crore at present. The city's population was 6.47 lakh in 2001.The 2011 Census figures recently belied public perception that Bhubaneswar has 10 lakh plus population. Earlier, several projections had put it over 12 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15486285", "title": "Now, a 3D printer that can build a house in 24 hours", "text": "LONDON: A scientist claimed to have developed a 3D printing technology that could be used to build a house in under 24 hours reducing the cost of construction.Professor Behrokh Khoshnevis from the University of Southern California claimed that his 'Contour Crafting' construction method can build entire houses with all the fixtures and fittings, the Daily Mail reported . Countour crafting is a layered fabrication technology that uses a huge moveable gantry to build a house in the same way that a 3D printer deposits layers of plastic.Strong walls are built up layer by layer using concrete with automatic reinforcement , while plumbing and electrics are also added by the system during the building process.\"The nature of the technology means it will also be possible to create curved walls and architecture that is both 'exotic' and 'beautiful' ,\" Khoshnevis was quoted as saying by the paper.He believes that Contour Crafting could build houses for a fraction of the cost and in significantly less time. He said that a 2500-square-foot house can be built in approximately 20 hours with Contour Crafting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15485533", "title": "Puducherry man rides across India to preserve culture", "text": "PANAJI: A 40-year-old motorcyclist from Puducherry is on a country-wide mission to spread HIV/AIDS awareness and to promote the preservation of Indian culture.M A Jothimurugan began his journey on June 1 from Puducherry and has already traversed through Chennai, Bhubaneswar, Kolkata; Agartala, Aizawl , Imphal , Kohima and Guwahati in the North East, Patna, Varanasi, Jaipur, Ahmedabad and Mumbai before arriving in Goa recently. He is on his second visit to Goa and plans to come here again.Along the way, he claims he visits schools, colleges, hospitals, banks, and government offices distributing pamphlets and speaking to people on the causes he promotes.He will be passing through Karnataka, Kerala and Kanyakumari in Tamil Nadu before concluding his trip in Pondicherry by August 30. He will have covered nearly 12,000 km upon completion of his journey, he said.Jothimurugan began his rallies around 20 years ago when he started with bicycle rallies. He now travels on a motorcycle and has covered more than 70,000 km through such rallies, he claims.\"I take up a noble cause and travel. It is my service and contribution to society. Culture is dying nowadays. I am trying to promote our Indian culture. Since the advent of the use-and-throw concept, man is also adopting a use-and-throw culture,\" he says.He feels we are enjoying a foreign culture and this has partly contributed to the spread of HIV. The Rotary Club of Pondicherry is the organizing sponsor for his trip and he makes stops at rotary clubs along the route.\"So many wonderful people have supported me along the way. I'm enjoying it,\" he said. Jothimurugan's family comprises his parents and three sisters who are all well settled. He works for the Puducherry civil supplies corporation and claims to be undertaking his rallies by \"losing pay\" for the days he is away from work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15483412", "title": "Deep Trapasiya murder: TV show inspired crime", "text": "SURAT: Murder accused Rahul Kavani, 20, was inspired by a TV show based on crime incidents to kidnap and kill Deep Trapasiya, 4, here last week. Kavani told this to police on Monday. He was arrested on Saturday and remanded in police custody for eight days.Kavani is into mobile telephone business and also sells mobile internet cards. He purchased six sim cards of Videocon mobile to make ransom calls to Vipul Trapasiya, father of Deep. Kavani, purchased the sim cards in the name of Surendra Yadav, a resident of Bamroli, on the basis of his voter identity card. He also purchased a new mobile phone of Chinese make. He purchased the cards on August 1, almost 10 days before committing the crime.The accused has studied up to class 10 and is adept at computer hardware technology. Kavani recently came to know that Trapasiya family had bought a house and new machinery for their textile embroidery unit. Trapasiyas had earned good money in the recent past from their diamond business and a property deal.\"Kavani wanted around Rs 5 lakh for taking a franchise of a wireless internet service provider. He thought the Trapasiya family had enough liquidity and will be able to pay him the ransom,\" said M H Shaikh, police inspector, prevention of crime branch.The accused does not have a criminal history and is just 20. Yet he proved a hard nut to crack. He kept telling stories to police to misguide them during his detention and subsequent interrogation.He planned the crime 15 days ago, police said, adding that he had kidnapped the child from outside their house. Kavani family stayed on the ground floor and Trapasiyas on the first floor of the house owned by the former.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15485114", "title": "Doctored MMS clip provoked attackers: Cops", "text": "PUNE: The men arrested for the spate of attacks on students and working professionals from the northeast in Kondhwa and nearby areas have told the Pune police that they were provoked by an MMS clip purportedly of the recent violence against Muslims in Burma.Police investigations have revealed that the clip was doctored. Over the last few days, the MMS clip travelled quickly among youngsters, mostly in the Kondhwa area, said ACP (Wanowrie division) Vitthal Pawar. \"A small percentage of those who got the MMS reacted violently by targeting people from the northeast,\" he said.Two fresh attacks were reported on Sunday. One of the victims is a cook from Darjeeling and the other a student from Manipur. Mohsin Alam Shaikh, 26, who surrendered before the police on Monday for his involvement in the attack on a Naga student on Saturday, said, \"We were angry when we saw the violence committed against members of our community by chinis (people with Mongoloid features). So we decided to target the chinis in our area. But I now regret what we did.\"Pawar and other police officers said most of the attackers are illiterate. \"They targeted their victims only because of their facial features,\" Pawar said.In Kondhwa, around 80% of the students from the northeast are from Manipur. This could be the reason why most of the victims happened to be from there, representatives of the northeastern students' union and the Interim Forum said.Investigators said they had found no link so far between the attacks in Pune and the ethnic clashes in Assam. The victims, too, said that none of them were asked which state they came from.Since August 8, five attacks on northeast students have been reported from Kondhwa, in which eight people sustained minor injuries. Eight others were injured in Pune cantonment in three separate attacks. The police have so far arrested 11 people for the attacks in Kondhwa but no one for the attacks in Pune cantonment. Nine of those arrested were picked up on Saturday and Sunday, while Shaikh and one Nilesh Sathe, both of Kondhwa, were arrested on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "15485733", "title": "Cops turn 'safety breach' heat on Cuttack kalyan mandaps", "text": "CUTTACK: Kalyan mandaps in the city that have violated safety and parking norms will face the heat very soon as police have decided to seal these mandaps and prohibit them from holding any social functions. The decision was taken at a meeting of the traffic management committee, formed by the Orissa high court to streamline the existing traffic system here, recently.A preliminary survey conducted by committee reveals that there are around 82 marriage mandaps in the city, but most of them do not have parking facilities and other appropriate permissions. The survey report reveals that there are 70 kalyan mandaps in the city, most of which are privately-owned, do not have any parking space on their premises. As a result, visitors park their vehicles on the roadside thereby creating serious traffic congestion.In order to address the issue, traffic police have decided to act tough on these mandaps. Initially, notices have been served on these marriage mandap owners directing them to create adequate parking space on their premises as per rules. And if they do not comply with the order within a month, then these mandaps will be closed down, a senior traffic official said.\"We have launched a drive to identify kalyan mandaps that are operating without requisite licence and parking facilities on their premises. Notices are being issued to the mandap owners to create parking provision on their premises and if the order is not complied with, then action will be taken against the violators,\" said S Praveen Kumar, DCP of Cuttack.Apart from parking facility, most of kalyan mandaps in the city also lack essential licences as fire protection, commercial electricity connections. Traffic officials informed that most mandaps are functioning illegally in residential houses without any valid licence. \"Strict action will be taken against these illegal mandaps too,\" said a senior traffic official. The denizens have also welcomed the move. \"The kalyan mandaps located in the busy lanes affect the traffic. It's good that police have finally decided to act against these mandaps,\" said P K Mohapatra, a retired teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15483973", "title": "Two held for cable operator's murder", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Barhi police have claimed to make a breakthrough in the murder of cable operator Mahesh Kushwaha.Hazaribag SP Manoj Kaushik said as per the first impression gathered by the Barhi police it was a case of alleged illicit relation between a woman and the deceased which was opposed by the assailants .\"Police have arrested two persons including a woman with whom the deceased was having illicit relation. Now police are looking for the victim's brother and his nephew who were traceless since the recovery of headless body of Mahesh Kushwaha from the rivulet at Basaria Nala at Kurwa,\" said the SP.\"It is proved that the miscreants summoned Mahendra from his house through his cell phone with an motive to kill him,\" said the SP adding that police are making investigation in this connection and are hoping to arrest few more culprits.The Barhi police had taken the help of the dog squad which helped them to arrest the woman and the other was supposed to be the uncle of the deceased. The abandoned motorcycle on which Kushwaha had left after receiving a call that his grandfather was critically ill was also recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15485860", "title": "Voices raised against Justice Sadashiva report", "text": "DHARWAD: Members of various scheduled castes and scheduled tribes took out a procession from Kala Bhavan in Dharwad to the deputy commissioner's office to register their opposition to the recommendations of Justice Sadashiva Committee which dwelled on the issue of providing internal reservation to SC/STs.The protestors urged the state government to reject outright the Justice Sadashiva Committee report.Addressing protesters, Banjara Community Development Association president Pandurang Pammar stated that the report has created division among the scheduled caste by proposing internal reservation.The report has proposed that the 15 per cent reservation given to the scheduled castes should be further divided into left hand, right hand, touchables and others. Of this, the report has proposed to provide 11 per cent reservation to the left hand (6%) and right hand (5%) and the remaining majority of the communities should be given only four per cent.Pammar said, this division by the committee is unscientific and has been a result of political pressure.The government had set up the Justice Sadashiva Committee to monitor whether the facilities given by the government to the members of scheduled castes are met or not.If the facilities were found to be not reaching the beneficiaries, the committee was asked to propose new measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15485009", "title": "Chairperson unaware of arrangement", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In what has turned into a mockery of the admission process at Panjab University, the security guards were seen collecting admission forms on Monday and \"counselling students.\"\"Why are you getting downloaded forms, you must buy a hard copy of the prospectus,\" said Bahadur Singh, a security guard at the reception of USOL, who was 'substituting' for a department official who left for tea immediately after lunch hours much to the surprise of students waiting to deposit their forms. The guard was seen collecting the forms and keeping these on the counter.\"I have been waiting here since half an hour and I've been told the official incharge of collecting forms has gone for a cup of tea during duty hours,\" said a student seeking admission to B.Com-I, who pleaded anonymity fearing the wrath of USOL officials.Many students who had come to deposit forms, faced harassment when they were told to get photos attested from a gazetted officer, though self-attesting is allowed. \"Despite attaching original character certificate, and having other papers in order, we are being told to come some other time,\" rued another student.The chairperson was unaware of the staff's apathy. \"We will make provision for a better team to guide students. The security guards are in no way supposed to guide students,\" said L K Bansal, chairperson, USOL.PU's chief security officer stated that it was not security staff's responsibility to collect forms. He added he would inquire into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15485383", "title": "Jains start fasts, prayers as Paryushana begins today", "text": "For the extremely religious Jain community, the next eight days are significant for fasting, praying and asking for forgiveness. Paryushana, which means self cleansing by removing all negativity like raag, dwesh, moh and maya, begins on the Bhadrapada Shuklapaksh Chaturthi. It is sacred as it marks the beginning of the eight days when the dashalakshana vrata is undertaken by devout Jains.The two Jain sects, Shwetambar and Digambar, follow this period on different days. As the calendar this year has an adhik maas, there is a gap of nearly a month between the Paryushana of the two sects.As these eight to ten days fall during Chaturmaas most saints settle in one place. This gives the community an opportunity to listen to their sermons. Describing it as a time for performing dharma, city businessman Nikhil Kusumgar says temple visits and attending sermons is an essential part of the prescribed rituals. \"We follow the dincharya suggested by Lord Mahavir. This includes fasting and satsang.\"Describing the period as one dedicated to rituals and religious practices, homemaker Mamta Bordia says it involves strict observance of Jain scriptures. \"All eight days are devoted to temple visits, reciting of our religious book Kalpa sutra, and adhering to diet regime.\"The women in the house devise different menus to suite the requirements of this period. Homemaker Manju Dhariwal says that as only dry items like pulses and lentils are consumed, a variety of foods are prepared using these. \"Following the dharma of ahimsa, which is the cornerstone of our religion, we avoid eating green leafy vegetables and fresh fruits since the number of micro organisms in environment is maximum during this period.\"The period is one for internal cleansing, and asking for forgiveness. The last day is called Samvatsari, which means one year. On this day, forgiveness is asked by saying 'Micchammi Dukadam' which means 'forgive me for all my mistakes'.\"Lord Mahavir taught ahimsa and was against the excessive use of anything that nature provides. But round the year we keep committing excesses and cause wastage through consumption. So, once a year, we pause to ask for forgiveness from all beings of this universe. The lord also said that no food should be consumed till forgiveness is obtained. So, Jains fast during this period and ask for forgiveness on the last day,\" says Chaitanya Kochar, director Prachiya Vidyapeeth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new rajguru nagar", "code": "15484731", "title": "Ishfaqs enjoy a Chinese spread at iftaar", "text": "NEW RAJGURU NAGAR: As the sun goes down, prayers fill the air at Muhammad Ishfaq's house. Surrounded by family and friends, the senior engineer with water supply and sanitation department, breaks his day-long fast during iftaar. But Monday' iftaar was even more special than usual days of the holy month \u2014 his younger brother and family, who had come all the way from Malerkotla, will break the fast with the entire family.Muhammad Ishfaq, who is settled in city for more than two decades now, said, \"Iftaar is always a special occasion for our family as all of us including my wife Shahla Qadri, a homemaker and my daughter Armida Ashfaq, who studies in Class VII in KVM school, fast during Ramzan and break the fast together. My son Atabak Ashfaq is not here as he is pursuing engineering at IIT Delhi.\"He added, \"Iftaar on Monday was even more special for me as my brother Khalid Parvez, a businessman, his wife Yasmeen Khalid and two children, Suhail and Shaista, came all the way from Malerkotla to break fast with us.\" Together, the family broke the fast at Iftaar with dates from Saudi Arabia , followed by Sherbet, fruit chat, dahi bhalla and sandwiches. \"Since my brother's children like Chinese so my wife made noodles, manchurian and chopsey. Later, all of us rushed for evening prayers and prayed for our families and world peace,\" added Isfhfaq. The dinner menu was equally appealing with mixed vegetables, shahi paneer, special chicken biryani and chicken korma.Shahla Qadri, said, \"I cooked Chinese for the children but kept the items less spicy. My brother-in-law likes shahi paneer, so I had specially cooked it for him and I'm glad that he loved it. I also cooked chicken biryani as my sister-in-law loves it.\"Ishfaq said, \"I thank Allah for bringing my brother and his family to our home for iftaar. It is a great deed in the eyes of Allah to have dinner with the entire family together during Ramzan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15486076", "title": "Zardari, Gilani caution SC over 'assault' on statute", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The Pakistani people and parliament must be watchful against \"new forms of assaults\" on the constitution, President Asif Ali Zardari said on Monday against the backdrop of a standoff between the government and the judiciary.Zardari made the remarks in a message issued to mark Pakistan's independence day. The restoration of the constitution of 1973 had raised hopes that the people would \"revert to our true bearings and restore to Pakistan the values and ideals for which it was created ,\" he said.Meanwhile, former PM, Yousaf Raza Gilani , said that if PM Raja Pervez Ashraf is dismissed by the SC, PPP would not accept the verdict. He warned the judiciary that there would be public protests if PM Ashraf is disqualified.PPP leader wants to replace Hina Rabani KharPakistan foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar is facing a challenge from within her party, with PPP leader Jamshed Dasti saying he will contest the next general election from her constituency in Punjab. Dasti has also offered to replace PM Raja Pervez Ashraf if he is disqualified by the SC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15488046", "title": "Barbarians at the gates", "text": "Once upon a time they were unheard of--these \"gated communities\". I innocently thought that \"gated\" meant they were safe and secure. But recent incidents have jolted me out of my naivete.A friend who lives in a gated community was alarmed to read a news item this morning that a mob had dug up the road in front of one such community in Bangalore's posh Whitefield, blocking the entry. He asked: \"What the hell do you mean by gated if such acts are allowed with impunity?\" He had a point.How gated are the gated communities of Bangalore? In the last 10 years, gated communities have sprung up across the city. They usually refer to housing within an area enclosed by walls or fences with controlled access. But, in Bangalore, this definition has no meaning. The civic authorities declare that these are nothing but unauthorized settlements and cannot be excluded from the rest of the city through a mere boundary wall.Most people seek a gated refuge mainly because they want additional security and seclusion. But what they now fear is being the target of some powerful vested interests. Like what happened on Saturday evening. The incident has shaken the residents who were witness to a direct action by a mob. Residents of Sunflower Villas in Whitefield were alarmed to see a mob equipped with earth-moving machines and mechanized showels going on a demolition spree. The mob merrily demolished boundary walls of three villas and dug a huge moat-like pit in front of them. The residents allege that the mob was acting at the behest of a developer who was developing a property down the road, which had no takers. They also had the backing of local politicians, the residents allege.Why was a mob of villagers doing a civic work? Who was the mob trying to help? Where did this mob come from? Were they paid by anyone? These are the questions residents of gated communities are asking.The local corporator claims that some people from a nearby village executed the demolition because of the poor condition of the road. The Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike has earmarked about 216 roads for widening in the city. But nowhere has a mob of villagers plunged into direct action. It is obvious that there is some nexus at work, which hopes to benefit by widening the road. But no one is willing to act against these people who are thumbing their nose at the law.This is not an isolated case. In 2010, residents of a gated community off Kanakapura main road in Bangalore faced problems. The civic body had razed down the boundary wall of this gated community.What is the future of gated communities in Bangalore? In countries like US, the boundaries for gated communities are clearly earmarked. But in Bangalore, there seems to be confusion over the definition of the term itself. The obvious answer: MLAs and corporators are in cahoots with builders who want every road widened to sell their properties at a premium.Next time you see your wall knocked down, remember: there's a builder-politician nexus. And both are willing to knock down the gates to help each other.By behaving like Barbarians at the Gates, Bangalore's land mafia is only killing its image as a peaceful residential city. It will only hurt realty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15484788", "title": "Businessman held for selling inferior bomb suits", "text": "MUMBAI: The economic offences wing (EOW) on Monday arrested city-based businessman Bimal Agarwal for cheating the Maharashtra government of Rs 6.25 crore by giving low-quality bomb disposal suits. Agarwal had bagged a tender to provide 82 bomb disposal suits to the state. The arrest came after a sessions court rejected anticipatory bail applications of both Agarwal and his wife Bina. Agarwal will be produced before a court on Tuesday. His two bank accounts were frozen in March this year.The court rejected the bail pleas after allowing attempts at mediation that failed. The prosecution had sought a Rs 10 crore bank guarantee to be given to the DGP's office, but defence lawyer Vibhav Bagade said his client was ready to give a Rs 6.5 crore guarantee which was equivalent to the tender amount. A consensus could not be reached and the court had posted the matter for final orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15486774", "title": "India Cements net falls 39% to RS 62cr", "text": "CHENNAI: India Cements saw its first quarter net profit fall 39.2% to Rs 62 crore, down from Rs 102 crore clocked in Q1 last fiscal . The company has been affected by slowing growth, especially in Andhra Pradesh, which accounts for almost a quarter of India's total limestone reserves. That plus a rise in costs and the depreciation of the rupee has hit the company's profitability.\"The primary focus this quarter has been on maintaining the margins despite increase in rail fare, traffic revision in our states of operation, rise in wages and substantial depreciation of rupee against dollar pushing prices of imported coal,\" said N Srinivasan . \"There is no growth story here. We are trying to sell what we can at our price.\"Srinivasan added that the currency exchange rate was a major reason behind the fall in net profit despite a 14% growth in EBITDA to Rs 281 crore in the current quarter compared to Rs 246 crore in the corresponding quarter last year. Even revenue was up 13% at Rs 1,205 crore compared to Rs 1,062 crore last Q1. \"India Cements posted a 13.2% y-o-y growth in its standalone topline to Rs 1,201 crore, which was slightly above our estimates,\" said V Srinivasan , research analyst at Angel Broking, a Mumbai-based broking firm.What also hit the company was its capacity utilisation which stood at around 67%. India Cements imported around 50% of its cement requirement. \"There is an overcapacity . All the capacity, especially in the South, is bunched up and is creating pressure. There is hardly any growth in the south,\" said N Srinivasan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15485225", "title": "Vanpic scam: Mopidevi misled cabinet, ignored process alleges CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: Opposing the bail plea of former minister Mopidevi Venkataramana, who was arrested in the Vanpic deal, the CBI on Monday filed a counter in the CBI court in which it stated that the former minister, in connivance with prime accused Nimmagadda Prasad, had approved the project worth Rs 17,000 crore spread over 28,000 acres of land by suppressing the opinions of the finance and law departments and by misleading the general administration department.Mopidevi was the minister for infrastructure and investments when the Vanpic deal was struck between Andhra Pradesh and the state of Ras-Al Khaimah.Brushing aside the claims of the former minister that he had done his job in a routine manner and in accordance with the Secretariat business rules, CBI that Venkataramana had misled the cabinet about the clandestine benefits that were extended to Vanpic.Business Rule 10 makes the minister primarily responsible for actions carried out by his department, the CBI counter said. That Prasad had sought as many as 28,000 acres of land for this project was not revealed to the cabinet. That decision was taken at a special meeting held by the then chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy on June 29, 2008, but Venkataramana did not include this development in the cabinet memorandum.Moreover, as per business rules, it is the duty of the minister and the concerned department to consult the relevant departments when decisions pertaining to them are taken.But in the case of the Vanpic project, neither the department of revenue (acquisition and alienation of lands and exemption of stamp duty and registration charges) nor the other relevant wings were consulted before placing the cabinet memorandum before the council of ministers, the CBI said in its counter. The formalities given a go-by pertained to exemption of VAT, seignorage fees, land conversion fee etc.It also added that while the cabinet memorandum proposed that the Vanpic project be built by Ras-Al Khaimah through its Vanpic Ports Ltd on a build, own, operate and finally transfer (BOOT) basis, the concession agreement subsequently added to the memorandum confines this model only to ports (proposed to be built on 4,000 acres) and not to the vast industrial corridor of 24,000 acres on an outright sale basis.The construction has to be taken up by Ras-Al Khaimah through its expert firms but was entrusted to Navayuga company without the state government being informed about it. Ras-Al Khaimah's share was unauthorisedly reduced to 26% from its original 51% just to accommodate Navayuga.Although the minister was supposed to get the mistakes rectified later, he never did that because he was a party to the conspiracy hatched by Nimmagadda Prasad, CBI contended. As a result, the clandestinely brought-in Navayuga emerged as the major player with 65% stake in the project.Although Prasad's Matrix Enport Holdings Pvt Ltd has no prior experience of building ports, it cornered the development rights over the industrial corridor without any agreement with the state government. This firm was later renamed Vanpic Projects Ltd and is a privately-owned company belonging to Prasad and his brother.This arbitrary allocation of project works to Prasad and his associate companies resulted in the concentration of wealth and means of production in the hands of a few individuals and is in derogation to the directive principles of state policy, the CBI said in its counter.Because the former minister was very influential, letting him free on bail at this stage would jeopardise the investigation, the CBI said in its counter and urged the court to dismiss Venkataramana's bail plea. The matter comes up for hearing next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15485330", "title": "Calicut University to hold recruitment drive", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Calicut University will organize a campus recruitment drive on Wednesday, kick starting the activities of the newly formed varsity placement cell.The placement drive being held on the campus after a gap of four years will see recruitments to the 300- odd vacancies in a Mumbai-based multinational financial services company.Varsity placement cell coordinator Lijish V L said that recruitments would be done mainly to the post of financial analyst and other related jobs. The varsity is expecting around 1,000 students from five districts under it to attend the recruitment drive. The candidates should reach the Seminar Complex by 9am with a detailed bio-data and a passport size photograph.He said that MBA/ MCom degree holders and other degree and post graduate holders of the varsity can attend the recruitment drive. The company is not considering engineering and IT graduates as the vacancies mainly belong to the financial sector.The recruitment process will have a 45 minute analytical ability test followed by a 90 minute comprehensive test and an interview.Meanwhile the new job portal launched by the varsity has got tremendous response from students. Over 800 students have registered under the portal www.cuplacements.in within 20 days of its launch. Vice chancellor M Abdul Salam will inaugurate the recruitment drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15487196", "title": "Metro parking shut for 24 hours", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Metro parking will be closed for 24 hours from Tuesday afternoon in view of security restrictions for Independence Day celebrations, but train services will continue.Parking facilities will not be available from 2pm on Tuesday till 2pm on Wednesday, a Delhi Metro spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15485086", "title": "Cong sees through Ramdev's 'mask'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unfazed by Baba Ramdev's growing political support, the ruling Congress accused the yoga guru of fronting for BJP in the name of campaigning against black money.Congress general secretary Janardan Dwivedi said Ramdev's \"mask\" had come off. \"The real face (of Ramdev) has been exposed to the people,\" he said, referring to BJP president Nitin Gadkari and NDA convenor Sharad Yadav sharing the dais with Ramdev.He accused the yoga guru of fighting a \"political battle\" in the name of campaigning against black money and said his real intentions were evident now. \"The fight is political. The masks have fallen; the real faces have come out in the open. It is clear as to whose battle is this,\" Dwivedi said.The strong words from Congress came after Ramdev launched a scathing attack on the ruling party and was joined by chiefs of BJP and JD(U) on his dais in Ramlila Maidan on Monday. Taking a dig at the opposition, the AICC leader said, \"One should fight on issues directly. This politics of deception should come to an end. Now all the faces behind this agitation have come out.\"While BJP joined Ramdev in the hope that his campaign against corruption would help the opposition, the reports that Team Anna was planning to contest elections in Delhi but not in Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat has raised the hackles in Congress.Dwivedi said the government was concerned about black money but Ramdev's objective was not to bring black money stashed abroad but to save those who had hidden undeclared wealth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15486575", "title": "Honda stalemate continues as another round of talks fails", "text": "GURGAON: It has now been over a week since the two workers, Naresh Yadav and Jaibeer Yadav, were first suspended from Honda's Manesar plant, on grounds of manhandling a manager, with the management and the workers' union yet to call a truce.Members of the Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India Employees Union say that the third round of negotiations, held in Gurgaon's labour department offices on Monday, also failed to end the stalemate. The union is unequivocal in its demand that those suspended be reinstated in the company, whereas the management has called it \"an issue of indiscipline that cannot be overlooked\".Although the union president, Ashok Yadav, said that the logjam was likely to be resolved on Tuesday, when the next round of negotiations occurs. \"We have submitted the responses of the suspended workers to the chargesheets issued by the management last week,\" he said.The Honda management had earlier said that only after the responses were filed, could they consider the reinstatement of the two workers, one of whom, Jaibeer, was also an executive member of the Honda union.\"There was no incidence of manhandling or violence. No such thing happened. And if the management officials feel that there is any resentment on the part of the workforce or the union towards them, it is not true. We want the matter to be resolved peacefully, and do not want to disrupt production in any way,\" Yadav added.The two workers were suspended in the first week of August, and have subsequently been charged by the management with 'manhandling and assaulting' a manager in the logistics area of the plant.Two previous rounds of talks between the management and the local union, mediated by labour department officials, have similarly ended without yielding any results in the past one week.Management representatives of Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India were not available for comment on Monday's development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15485456", "title": "Power tariff in Mihan set to be revised", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) -- the agency developing the Mihan-SEZ - was harping on the availability of cheap power in the area, the earlier average rates determined at Rs2.97 a unit is now undergoing a review. The proposed rate is almost half the current rates being charged by the state-run MSEDCL.The case is now with the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) which will spell out the new power tariff for Mihan.MADC and Abhijeet Power, the private company supplying power, are keeping their fingers crossed. Units in Mihan-SEZ are supposed to get electricity from a dedicated power plant built by Abhijeet Mihan Nagpur Energy Private Limited (AMNEPL), a joint venture between MADC and the Abhijeet Group. However, by the time the power was to be supplied, the laws changed in 2010 and a developer of the SEZ was deemed to be a distributor of power.In such a case MERC, which is the state's power regulator, will fix the rates after conducting a due diligence on its own. \"By the time the power plant could begin supplying power, the whole scenario changed and the earlier rate pegged at Rs2.97 a unit by MADC and Abhijeet Group is no longer valid. The ball is now in the MERC's court which will decide the rate on the basis of its own assessment,\" said a source in MADC.AMNEPL cannot supply power to the SEZ units till the rates are finalized by MERC. The plant is ready but the company is waiting for the MERC order.Sources in MADC say that the costs have escalated with time and now it may have an impact on the new rates. AMNEPL is yet to get dedicated supply from Western Coalfields Limited (WCL) or any of the other Coal India Limited (CIL) subsidiary. Currently, it is depending on the coal purchased from the open market which takes up the cost substantially. MERC may consider several factors including current costs before spelling the order.A senior official in Abhijeet Power said it would finally be MERC's discretion and nothing can be predicted. \"However, as far as the company is concerned, the overheads have indeed gone up as buying coal from the open market by e-auction costs double as compared to that procured directly from any of CIL subsidiaries,\" he said.The agreement between MADC and Abhijeet Power was signed in 2006 and the work on the plant began a couple of years later. The plant was ready before the stipulated 36-month period. However, the transmission lines could not be laid due to litigations against use of private land.With all the issues settled, Abhijeet Power is waiting for the MERC order. \"A hearing was held over six months ago, date for the next is awaited,\" said the Abhijeet official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484245", "title": "Police to hold meetings in colleges to build confidence", "text": "PUNE: Deputy commissioner of police Makarand Ranade on Monday held a meeting with students from the northeast, who are studying in Fergusson college, following attacks on some students from the region in the last two to three days.Ranade said, three other colleges, including the Symbiosis College of Arts and Commerce, ILS Law College and the Abasaheb Garware College, have a sizeable number of students from the northeast. Similar interaction will be held with them to instill confidence among them, he added.Ranade is expected to visit Symbiosis College on Tuesday. \"We are in the process of holding talks with students from the northeast so that they feel safe in the city. We have told students at the Fergusson college to inform us if they face any problem. We have ensured them that immediate action will be taken against troublemakers,\" Ranade said.Fergusson College and Symbiosis College each have about 100 students from the northeast, while Garware College and the ILS Law College have close to 25 students each.Ranade said, \"We have asked all the four colleges to prepare a list of northeast students along with details of their addresses and contact numbers so that we have a database ready in case of an emergency.\"Vikas Kakatkar of Deccan Education Society, which runs the Fergusson College, said, \"In view of the incidents that took place in the city in the last week, we thought that the police should build confidence among the students and ensure them that they are safe in the city. The police have also given their contact numbers to the students so that they can contact them in emergencies.\"A student from Fergusson College said, \"The police have extended support to us. The talk with them was encouraging and we feel safe because of their support.\"Symbiosis principal director Vidya Yeravdekar said, \"So far none of the students from our college have come up with complaints. However, there is anxiety among them following the attacks and, hence, it is necessary that they are given protection. The interaction with the police will definitely help build confidence among them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15486658", "title": "Security intensified at railway station ahead of IIndependence Day", "text": "KANPUR: A massive checking drive was launched by a joint team of Government Railway Police and Railway Protection Force along with civil police, dog squad and bomb disposal squad at the Kanpur Central railway station on Monday afternoon ahead of Independence Day on Wednesday.The cops of Local Intelligence Unit ( LIU) also formed the part of the joint operation. The civil police from police stations like Harbans Mohal, Rail Bazar and Pheelkhana also assisted in conducting the drive. The security forces with hand held metal detectors checked every corner of the railway station. From city side of the central railway station to the Cantt side, from Parcel house to ticket booking house etc were thoroughly checked.The luggage of passengers were also checked with the help of the metal detectors. The bomb disposal squad carried out intensive checking at platforms. Any passenger who looked suspicious, his identity was sought and his luggage was checked. The platforms, passenger waiting halls, circulating areas were also frisked. The drive was carried out in two parts on the station premises.RPF Inspector, Sanjay Pandey informed that two sub-inspectors and four constables armed with latest weapons will guard the station premises round the clock to rule out any possibility of terror threat on Independence Day.The RPF official also added that constables have been positioned at East and West yard, Cantt and City side of the Kanpur Central railway station. At the entry points of the station, regular patrolling is being done to keep an eye over passengers, he added further.A similar checking drive will be carried out on Tuesday as well to instill confidence in the minds of the passengers. Meanwhile, trains like Kalka mail, North East express, Farrukhabad passenger and several others were checked with the help of the metal detectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15485135", "title": "High court bars controversial official from duty", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice L Narasimha Reddy of the AP high court on Monday barred the controversial deputy collector of Serilingampally, G Subba Rao, from performing duties in the revenue department till further orders. The judge was dealing with a case filed by Thakur Rajkumar Singh, who brought to the notice of the court the various irregularities that had taken place in Serilingampally during his tenure.Following an inquiry into the alleged irregularities, particularly encroachments in Serliingampllay lake, the state government had earlier taken action against the controversial officer. However, he was reinstated following political pressure from the higher-ups. However, the judge did not appreciate the action of the government and commented that \"It is unfortunate that a person who is accused of parting with the valuable government land in favour of private individuals and large scale corruption is shown such a favour.\"Justice Samudrala Govindarajulu of A P high court on Monday dismissed the petition filed by Y Sri Lakshmi IAS officer seeking bail. SriLakshmi is one of the accused in the illegal mining case of Gali Janardhan Reddy's Obulapuram Mining Corporation ( OMC ). She had contended that since she had been in jail for long time and urged the court to release her on bail.In view of the gravity of the case and further investigation, Justice Govindarajulu ruled out bail for the IAS officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "15485704", "title": "Officials say sorry to Orissa high court", "text": "CUTTACK: Two IAS officers - principal secretary of rural development S N Tripathy and commissioner-cum- secretary of state child welfare department Arti Ahuja appeared personally before the Orissa high court on Monday and tendered unconditional apology. The court had decided to carry contempt proceeding against these officials for non-compliance with its order issued in connection with providing drinking water to the anganwadi centres across the state.\"The court has decided to frame contempt charges against both the officials, but today they appeared personally and tendered unconditional apology for failing to comply with the order. The case has been adjourned till August 22,\" said Dilip Mohapatra, petitioner of the case.Adjudicating a PIL seeking drinking water supply at the anganwadi centres across the state n March 2011, the high court had ordered the officials to drill bore wells in all the 9,543 anganwadi centres on a war footing. But the officials did not obey the order and indeed filed an affidavit in October 2011, claiming that tube well have been installed in 3,454 anganwadi centres. Irked with the reply, high court decided to frame contempt charges against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15485378", "title": "Govt to start farmers\u2019 welfare board", "text": "KANNUR: Agriculture minister K P Mohanan has said that efforts should be made to make Kerala a fully organic state in the lines of Sikkim.The minister made this observation during a department-level interaction at the Police Conference Hall here on Monday.He also said the government has plans to start a farmers' welfare board and a tribunal for the welfare of the farmers. \"The agriculture department should make efforts to ensure that farmers get farmland and no land is left as wasteland,\" he said.When the officials in the agriculture department become role models by being farmers, that would inspire the farmer community, he said adding that the government would make efforts to train the employees at the department level.K K Narayanan, MLA, who participated in the discussions, said the government should sanction a comprehensive vegetable project in Dharmadom. K M Shaji, MLA, said the department of agriculture should make efforts to reach closer to the people.District panchayat president K A Sarala, collector Rathan Kelkar, presidents of various village and block panchayats and agriculture department officials attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15483503", "title": "Samajwadi Party leaders visit farmers on land row clash day", "text": "NOIDA: Samajwadi Party leaders led by Uttar Pradesh cabinet minister Raghuraj Pratap Singh (Raja Bhaiya) visited the villages of Ghodi-Bacheda in Gautam Budh Nagar on Monday to express solidarity with farmers. The visit was made on the fourth anniversary of clashes between villagers and police in 2008 which had left four farmers dead. Farmers were assured that their grievances would soon be taken up for redressal by the state government.Four farmers had been killed and scores injured on August 13, 2008, when villagers had clashed with the security forces demanding enhanced compensation from the Greater Noida Authority. \"It was a painful episode in the history of the state. The demands of the farmers would be presented to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and their grievances redressed at the top level,\" said Singh, minister for food and civil supplies, and prisons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15486331", "title": "Arctic sea ice may vanish in 10 years", "text": "LONDON: Arctic sea ice could vanish within 10 years as it is melting much faster than previously believed, thanks to global warming, warn scientists, claiming that the process is 50% faster than the current estimates. Preliminary results from the European Space Agency's CryoSat-2 probe indicate that 900 cubic kilometres of summer sea ice has disappeared from the Arctic ocean over the past year.Sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a far greater rate than previously expected, according to data from the first purpose-built satellite launched to study the thickness of the Earth's polar caps, the 'Guardian' reported. This rate of loss is 50% higher than most scenarios outlined by polar scientists and suggests that global warming is beginning to have a major impact on the region. In a few years the Arctic ocean could be free of ice in summer, triggering a 'gold rush' to exploit its fish stocks, oil, minerals and sea routes. The new measurements indicate that this ice has been thinning dramatically at the same time.For instance, in regions north of Canada and Greenland , where ice thickness regularly stayed at around five to six metres in summer a decade ago, levels have dropped to one to three metres.\"Preliminary analysis of our data indicates that the rate of loss of sea ice volume in summer in the Arctic may be far larger than we had previously suspected,\" said Dr Seymour Laxon, of the Centre for Polar Observation and Modelling at University College London (UCL).\"Very soon we may experience the iconic moment when, one day in the summer, we look at satellite images and see no sea ice coverage in the Arctic, just open water,\" Laxon said.The consequences of losing Arctic's ice coverage, even for only part of the year, could be profound. Ocean temperatures will rise and methane deposits on ocean floor could melt, evaporate and bubble into atmosphere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15484754", "title": "Schools go the tricolour way this Independence Day", "text": "LUDHIANA: With India getting ready to celebrate its 66th Independence Day on August 15, the country is engaged in preparing for the big day in different ways. While the police in all states are preparing for smart march-past, daredevilry, the schools are busy doing the final rehearsals for a colourful celebration.The kids at VIP School, Sector 39, are equally excited as the whole school is decorated with tricolour flowers and balloons, brought in especially for the Independence Day. The school has also invited the parents for the colourful celebrations.Talking about the preparations, principal Harleen Kaur said, \"We are making special preparations on Independence Day this year. We have invited the parents to accompany their kids on the occasion. Tricolour is our theme for the celebration; the kids will be bringing food and snacks representing any of the colours of the flag. Tricolour caps and flags will be given away to the kids. A cultural extravaganza along with activities like face painting have been organized for kids. A special dance party will conclude celebrations.\"\"Patriotic rhymes are being taught to the kids and also they will be taught about the importance of the Indian flag and significance of Independence Day. A drawing and painting activity for the kids will be held to bring out their creative best,\" said Chaavvi Spall, a teacher and resident of Bank Colony.Meanwhile, the students and teachers at KVM, Civil Lines, are also planning a large scale celebration for Independence Day. The school plans to start the day with a 'prabhat pheri'. Around 600 children from classes VIII, IX, X will be participating in the procession that will start from school and cover Udham Singh Nagar, Tagore Nagar and area near Police Lines. A flag hoisting will also take place .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15484528", "title": "Hospital probe over infant\u2019s death to take another month", "text": "NASHIK: Two months after the death of a new-born at Indira Gandhi Hospital, Panchavati, due to alleged negligence of the medical staff, a departmental inquiry is still in process and officials have said that it may take another month for the probe to be completed.On June 12, Varsha Dnyaneshwar Gore (28), a resident of Kalika Nagar, Dindori Road was admitted for delivery at the NMC-run hospital on June 11 at 4 pm but underwent a Caesarean only on June 12 at 9 am. According to the post-mortem report, the infant died following the delivery, due high blood pressure and low heart rate.The relatives complained against Dr Supriya Sankhe, who had performed the operation on June 12, over the delay in the operation. The family was complained against nurses Manisha Pravin Shinde (Aher) and Yaster Avinash Dariyapurkar for negligence on June 11.On June 21, Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) standing committee, Uddhav Nimse, had asked for the inquiry to be completed in a week but was told the process will take another month. Sankhe has been transferred to Bytco Hospital till the inquiry concludes. Presenting officer Dr Jairam Kothari said once the inquiry was complete it would be presented before him but was unsure of the probe's conclusion date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15485364", "title": "Girl's parents oppose affair, lovers end life", "text": "KANNUR: A 21-year-old youth and his 17-year-old lover committed suicide by hanging from the iron bar of a well at Chuzhali near Sreekandapuram in the district in the early hours of Monday.According to the Sreekandapuram police, the bodies of Sreejil, son of Cheranveetil Balakrishnan, of Padinjaremoola colony near Chuzhali, and Shyamili, daughter of M V Kunhikkannan of Kolathur near Chuzhali were found hanging in the compound of a vacant house near Kattumuricheri.It is suspected that the duo ended their life around midnight.Police said Shyamili was a plus-two student of the Government Higher Secondary School in Chuzhali, while Sreejil was a skilled labourer engaged in tile works.According to people who knew them, they must have taken the extreme step as the girl's family was against their relationship.However, quoting the family of the diseased, the police said that the lovers were apprehensive whether the families would approve their relationship and hence they decided to commit suicide.Police said Sreejil had not reached him home on Sunday night and the girl was found missing in the morning. Shyamili was staying at her maternal home at Nedinga near Chuzhali for the convenience of going to school.The bodies were handed over to the relatives after post mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15485869", "title": "Bangalore can be country's science hub: Head of PM's scientific advisory council", "text": "BANGALORE: City has the potential to become the science hub of the country, said eminent scientist and head of the scientific advisory council to the Prime Minister, professor CNR Rao.Speaking at the inauguration of an international conference on Raman Spectroscopy at the JN Tata auditorium, the 78-year-old scientist said: \"Bangalore, the city where Raman taught and established a research unit, which was later named after him, has the potential to become the science hub of the country.\"The 23rd international conference on Raman Spectroscopy is a five-day event which will go on till August 17. Several eminent scientists from around the globe are participating in the event and delivering lectures on the works of CV Raman, especially Raman Effect and its applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15486501", "title": "Ramdev plays, Delhi pays", "text": "NEW DELHI: Monday brought misery to thousands of commuters as traffic came to a grinding halt in central Delhi for several hours. After Baba Ramdev was taken into preventive detention by Delhi Police, his supporters swarmed the Ranjit Singh flyover and Jawaharlal Nehru Marg, triggering massive snarls on major roads.The closure of Ranjit Singh flyover and restricted vehicular movement from Delhi Gate to Ajmeri Gate had a ripple effect on Minto Road, Connaught Place and ITO, causing a gridlock in a 10-km radius. Intermittent spells of rain in the evening and peak hour traffic only added to the chaos, resulting in commuters being stuck in jams that lasted till 7pm.Those travelling to New Delhi Railway Station and hospitals like LNJP and GTB, were hit hard, along with office-goers heading home. \"It took me 40 minutes to reach the ITO intersection from Connaught Place. I have been at the ITO red light for almost 10 minutes but the traffic tail is going up to Mandi House, so I don't know when I will be able to cross the signal. I am worried that I will have to step out of the autorickshaw in the rain,\" said Sushma Mehra, a distraught commuter.Traffic police officials said that they tried their best to undo the damage. \"Cops were deployed across the area to ensure vehicles moved at all times. There were stoppages but we operated some intersections manually to prevent total gridlock . Several Ramdev supporters swarmed roads, resulting in disruption of traffic on those routes,\" said special commissioner of police (traf fic) Sudhir Yadav.Diversions had to be put in place after the 4,000-member procession walked out of Ramlila Maidan. While traffic from Paharganj and Ajmeri Gate had to be diverted to Connaught Place, movement of vehicles from New Delhi Railway Station to Turkman Gate had to be stopped as Ranjit Singh flyover was closed. As protesters walked on Jawaharlal Nehru Marg and Asaf Ali Road, these stretches also had to be cleared of traffic.All four sides connecting Ramlila Maidan had to be blocked due to the procession and traffic was diverted towards Connaught Place and Ring Road. Later, as the protesters moved to Delhi Gate and beyond, the impact was felt on Sikandra Road, Tilak Marg, Deen Dayal Upadhyay Marg and ITO towards the evening. The rain only made matters worse. As Ramdev refused to go to Bawana and headed to Ambedkar Stadium instead, traffic movement was extremely slow on the stretch.\"Traffic was about 30-40 per cent heavier than usual, but the situation was brought under control by around 7pm,\" said DCP traffic (New Delhi) Pradeep Hota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15484274", "title": "Jains to begin 8-day Paryushan fast from today", "text": "MUMBAI: Thousands of Jains across the country will begin observing the pious occasion of Paryushan, the holy festival of fasting, from Tuesday. Most Jains will fast on the first and the last day of the festival and abstain from eating from sunset on Monday evening to sunrise on Wednesday morning the next week. Paryushan is an eight-day fasting period described as a purification process. Jains hope to seek forgiveness for their sins, try to forgive those who have wronged them and at the same time aim for higher spiritual goals.Fasting is a simple and proven way to cleanse one's body, including one's bad karma. It espouses the main tenet of Jain philosophy, which is to absolve oneself of desire. \"We fast because we want to be free from the shackles of hunger, lust and greed. It's about being at peace with oneself,\" according to Babulal Jain Ujjwal, a veritable fount of information on Jainism.\"Through the fasts, one's sins are burnt down with tap (worship),\" he added. Kamleshbhai, a teacher of Jain philosophy, says that the purpose behind the festival of Paryushan is three-fold. \"This is the time of the year when Jains ask for forgiveness for their sins, open their hearts and forgive those who have wronged them and then resolve to forget it all. It's a purification process,\" he said, adding that the eight-day festival also symbolizes friendship as it is a marriage between four days of Shravan and four days of Bhadarva (two seasonal months of the Jain calendar).Different dates this yearThis year, different Jain sects are celebrating Paryushan at different times because there are two Bhadrapaths (adhik month) in the Hindu calendar this year. So, Shwetambar Stanakwasis, Terapanthis, Shwetambar Murtipujaks, Achalgach and Khatargach will observe Paryushan from Tuesday. Murtipujak Tapagach and Sthanakwasi Gyangach sampraday will celebrate Paryushan from September 13-20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15486518", "title": "NDA turns up in full support", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) pitched in strongly for Baba Ramdev on Monday, rescuing his floundering stir with BJP president Nitin Gadkari and Janata Dal (U) leader Sharad Yadav sharing the yoga guru's platform at Ramlila Maidan.As Ramdev vowed to work for Congress's defeat in the next national election, Gadkari and Yadav lent a clear political overtone to the yoga guru's agitation. Congress promptly responded in an I-told-you-so manner, saying the presence of NDA leaders exposed Ramdev's political intent. \"The mask has come off,\" Congress general secretary Janardan Dwivedi said.BJP's decision to openly back Ramdev's protest came as a much-needed boost for the yoga guru who has been cold-shouldered by the government. With dwindling returns by way of a lukewarm public response, Ramdev found the NDA's support a timely boost. It helped him make his detention by the police as an act of defiance.NDA leaders have found it more than useful to back Ramdev's and Team Anna's shows as it gives the opposition an opportunity to tap into the public mood at a time when political mobilizations have failed to generate a similar response. The consideration explained why Yadav, who last year hogged headlines by mocking the anticorruption agitation, joined the rescue team that the yoga guru managed to assemble by sending May Day messages to non-Congress parties.Gadkari and Yadav pledged support to Ramdev's campaign to bring back black money from foreign havens, press for a strong Lokpal and alter the appointment procedures for the posts of CBI and CVC chiefs. It was a calculated decision, with NDA looking at Ramdev as a potent anti-Congress weapon.Despite the political class's disdain for adventurers like Ramdev, the yoga guru got all around support with SP and BSP chiefs Mulayam Singh Yadav and Mayawati - who hardly agree on anything - also supporting the agitation. Akali and TDP leaders were also present. \"It is a non-political platform. We should rise above party lines and support it,\" Mayawati said.\"Lok Sabha polls will be in 2014 and 99% could be in 2013. This protest is to ensure that no dishonest person enters Parliament . Such people should be boycotted. We do not have a political agenda,'' said Ramdev.Gadkari launched a blistering attack on the government, telling Ramdev that BJP will stand \"fully behind him\" in his agitation to bring back black money and that the party was raising the matter in Parliament too. \"There is no political agenda to this agitation. This is an agitation of the people of the country and not of one single party. Black money should be brought back to the country and spent on the country's development ,\" Gadkari said.Alleging that CBI had become \"Congress Bureau of Investigation\" , Gadkari claimed that the investigative agency's \"biggest strength\" was to try and black mail people like Ramdev.\"I feel that after the elections, most people who are roaming in central hall (in Parliament) will be in Tihar jail,\" he said.Yadav, too, supported Ramdev and trained his guns on the government and Team Anna. Others like TDP leader Nama Nageshwara Rao, BJP MP Vijay Goel and Akali Dal representatives shared the dais with Baba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15486069", "title": "Juvenile home inmate commits suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 17-year-old inmate of the juvenile observation home for boys and girls near Lakshmi Mill junction in the city was found hanging inside his room late Monday evening. The deceased was actively involved in pasting the tricolour flag on the walls of the home as part of decoration work ahead of the Independence Day celebrations in the afternoon. He reportedly went inside his room at around half past six in the evening and was found dead within the next 30 minutes, according to home officials.The deceased was identified as M Manikandan (17) from Sulur. Officials claimed that he was a habitual offender and was in and out of the juvenile home since 2008. He was last admitted to the home after getting implicated in a two-wheeler theft on March 3, 2012. The case is in the juvenile justice court at present.Manikandan was found hanging from the elevated window sill inside his room. Police officials claimed that he had made a noose out of his towel and tied it to a jeans, which was then further bound tightly to the window sill. Manikandan was staying alone in the room for the past few weeks and seven other inmates at home claimed that he was slightly depressed in the past few days.Manikandan was reportedly depressed since his family members had severed all contacts with him after he was repeatedly linked to various cases. Sources said the family decided to cut off links with the boy after he was named as one of the accused in a murder of a middle-aged man in Sulur in 2009. According to police, he and two others had attacked the man with an iron rod and caused his murder when the latter questioned them about their presence at a shop in Sulur at midnight.Police said there were at least 10 cases registered against Manikandan. Home officials said he had escaped from the juvenile home along with five others in February 2011 and was brought back by police two days later.The juvenile home also has a history of controversies to its record with inmates frequently running away citing absence of facilities. A murder was also committed in the home premise some years ago.District collector M Karunagaran and senior police officials inspected the spot. Police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15485938", "title": "Protest over religious structures to delay Bus rapid transit system", "text": "INDORE: Bus rapid transit system (BRTS) corridor between Niranjanpura and Rajiv Gandhi Crossing is likely to be delayed again over the reluctance in removal of parts of religious structures coming in way. The project is already delayed by two and half years.The RSS supported Dharmasthal Bachao Sangharsh Samiti is planning a protest from August 15 against the removal of parts of temples and gurdwara coming in the way of the project. The protest will, in all likelihood, affect the claims of authorities to start bus service on the corridor from September.Collector Akash Tripathi has initiated steps to remove parts of the religious structures coming in the way of the project to clear the way for completion of the project. But with the fresh protest the issue seems to have been further complicated.There are 11 religious structures including temples, gurdwara, mazaars and mosque which are to be removed for the completion of the project.Prem Singh Patel of Dharmasthal Bachao Sangharsh Samiti said that they will organize a prayer in protest on August 15 and discuss the issue at the remaining religious structures daily between August 15 and 19. He stressed that they are not against development but are demanding equal treatment to all the religious structures and a uniform relocation policy. He alleged that the administration is removing temples coming in way of the project but they are not showing the same determination when it comes to removal of structures of other religions.Balram Verma, member of the organisation said that they want a rehabilitation plan for the religious places wherein administration should provide alternate place for the construction of new temples and that the alternate place should be close to the existing one.Mahesh Paliwal of the organisation, said that till now administration had not been able to finalise an alternate place for the Bhanwarkuan temple and there is no rehabilitation plan for the temples at Vijay Nagar, Chhavni, Shivaji Pratima and Chandra Nagar.At the same time promises made to the LIG gurdwara about parking space and alternate entry gate have not been met. Unless these things are sorted out they will not allow removal of any temples.Officials, who are on the back foot, said that they are trying to solve the matter through dialogue. However, they were unable to explain how they will manage to start bus service from September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15484718", "title": "Situation improves in drought-prone Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: With the state receiving a good spell of rain for the past two days the situation is fast improving in the drought-prone state. So far three districts have received surplus rain and the state government is confident that it will achieve its sowing targets set for this year's Rabi crop.According to the agriculture department the rainfall is now -13.30% less than the average. The three districts of Dholpur, Banswara and Dungarpur have now started receiving excess rain. While earlier 22 districts were in deficient (-20 to -59) zone on August 9, the tally on August 13 has gone down to 19 districts. Only three districts of Barmer, Jaisalmer and Bikaner are the one with scanty rain.\"Till Monday we had received 292.46 mm rainfall against 337.32 mm which is considered average rainfall in the state. If monsoon remains active for another week then we will be able cover this gap,\" said a government official.Encouraged by the revival of monsoon the state government is now hoping that it will achieve its sowing targets which was at an alarming stage till a few days back. The sowing of this year's Rabi is aimed at 150 lakh hectares. So far 99 lakh hectare has been covered which is 66% of the total target.\"The area for sowing is increasing. The situation is fast improving and we hope that it will get better in most of the districts except some in the western belt,\" said Bhawani Singh Detha, agriculture commissioner.Figures released from the statistical section of agriculture department indicate that in oilseeds and cotton 100% sowing has been completed in the state.While in pulses there is a deficit of 51% and in cereals it is 37%. Officials claim that the situation is likely to improve even in areas with scanty rainfall.\"Some parts of Barmer and Jaisalmer are suited only for single crop in a year. Sowing here at times even extends till November. The target area for sowing in these districts is set at 20 lakh hectares and till Monday 50% of it had been achieved,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484614", "title": "Vahanvati: No damages for cancelled licences", "text": "NEW DELHI: Foreign telecom players such as Telenor, Sistema and Loop Telecom whose Indian joint ventures stand to lose their licences following the Supreme Court verdict cannot claim damages under the Bilateral Investment Promotion and Protection Agreement, provided the promoters are not being prosecuted under Indian law, attorney general Goolam E Vahanvati has told the government.In response to a query from the government, the top law officer brought in a caveat for companies whose promoters are facing prosecution, saying the matter also depended on the due diligence conducted by the foreign partner before investing. Vahanvati is also believed to have advised the finance ministry that it could go ahead with recovery of tax dues from British telecom giant Vodafone.Telenor has argued it should not be penalized because it invested in India based on a licence issued by the government.In his response to the telecom department, Vahnavati said that under normal circumstances, \"the alleged loss which emanates out of orders passed by the court does not constitute a cause of action against the government\". On whether foreign investors can claim damage in case they succeed in the upcoming auction of spectrum, Vahanvati said the government can defend itself on merits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "15486251", "title": "Villagers threaten to snap power supply over eve teasing row", "text": "BHIWANI: The row between two neighboring villages over eve teasing has intensified as residents of Alampur have threatened to cut off power supply to Thilod village as also urged the education department not to allot examination centre for their students in the neighboring village.Residents of Alampur and Thilod villages have been on collusion course for the last one week as some youths of Thilod village teased girl students of Alampur village on their way to school. Around 150 students, mostly girls, of Alampur study in a school of Thilod.A delegation of Alampur villagers urged the district education officials on Monday not to allot examination centres of students of their village in the school in Thilod. \"We have snapped ties with Thilod and thus no student would go to that village to appear in the exam\", said an elder, Rishi Pal, who added that education officials have sought a village panchayat resolution in this regard.The angry residents have also threatened to cut off power supply to Thilod village as electricity wires pass through their village. Rishi Pal stated that despite repeated requests, Thilod panchayat had failed to rein in the group of youths who indulge in eve teasing and also thrashed some youths who dared to stop them from doing so.Krishan Kumar, sarpanch of Thilod village, however maintained that he was ready to hold discussion to sort out differences. \"The panchayat is not protecting the accused youths and police have registered a case against them. We are also ready to cooperate with police and Alampur residents in nabbing the accused\", he said.Tosham SHO Mauji Ram said that police were trying to nab the accused in the eve teasing case. \"Police have been keeping a watch on the developments in both villages and cops have been deployed there. The situation is peaceful in the villages\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15485153", "title": "Angrau caught in Telangana vortex", "text": "HYDERABAD: Yet another institution is on its way to become a victim of the regional divide. Demanding that a person from the Telangana region be appointed as vice-chancellor of Acharya NG Ranga Agricultural University (Angrau), the Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) is all set to launch a campaign.The post of Angrau VC at Rajendranagar has been lying vacant for the last 18 months and the varsity is being run without a board of management. Amidst reports that chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy is bidding to appoint a former VC from Kadapa district as Angrau VC, TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao is slated to address the university students on Tuesday after which a resolution in favour of Telangana is likely to be passed. V Nagi Reddy, principal secretary, agriculture, is the officiating VC at present. Apart from the VC post, the posts of the registrar, dean and other high level functionaries are also lying vacant. For the appointment of the VC, the Angrau board of management should first come into existence. The board nominates a name for the post which has to be ratified by the governor in his capacity as chancellor.Highly placed sources told TOI that the CM has been indecisive because of pressures from his own party and the Telangana forces. Telangana leaders from all parties want an academic from the region as the Angrau VC. Rayalaseema leaders too, want their own man as the VC. While an influential section wants previous vice-chancellor P Raghava Reddy from Kadapa to be re-appointed, Kurnool MP Kotla Surya Prakash Reddy is said to be lobbying for G Lakshmikantha Reddy, a retired dean from his district. However, Telangana ministers Ponnala Lakshmaiah and B Saraiah as well as Rajya Sabha member KVP Ramachandra Rao are reportedly favouring a well-known farm researcher and retired registrar from Warangal V Jalapati Rao. Civil supplies minister D Sridhar Babu is said to have recommended the name of Karimnagar resident R Ratnakar, director, extension and education, for the post. Meanwhile, revenue minister N Raghuveera Reddy, though from Rayalaseema, is reportedly favouring reputed rice scientist Aldas Janaiah, who hails from Nalgonda, for the post.According to the sources, apart from some farmers, 23 agriculture scientists have sent their applications for the post of VC. In fact, at one point of time, former VC Raghava Reddy's name was almost finalised. But the Telangana angle is said to have forced the government to put on hold his name as Reddy was unpopular among T-students and leaders in the region. \"The erstwhile agriculture university was trifurcated by YSR into agriculture (Hyderabad), horticulture (West Godavari) and veterinary (Tirupati) universities. Since Angrau is in Telangana, we won't allow an outsider to be appointed as VC,\" said K Dilip Kumar, independent MLC from the region. TRS floor leader Etela Rajender also demanded a Telangana VC this time. \"Since its inception in 1964, barring a two-year term by J Raghottam Reddy, the agriculture university has always been ruled by people from Andhra. This time, we will not allow that to happen,\" he said.Some sections are also raising the caste factor. \"All previous vice-chancellors are from three communities only, Reddy, Kamma and Kapu. The government should consider eligible scientists from other communities as well,\" said a retired Angrau professor. Apparently, the absence of a board and VC has crippled the Angrau administration, teaching and research because about 180 posts of professors and other faculty are lying vacant for over years. The state government's indecision has almost killed the university,\" said a senior professor on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484080", "title": "Tiger tourism: Lobbies fight tooth and nail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Should tourism be allowed a free run in forests that are breeding grounds of tigers? A curious case in the Supreme Court to restrict flourishing tourism in the core of tiger reserves has got many agitated.CMs and state forest ministers are writing to the Centre demanding tourism remain unfettered in their territories. The environment minister and wildlife officers in the Paryavaran Bhawan are inundated with calls. High-decibel tiger conservationists and resort owners \u2014 at times there is little distinction between the two \u2014 are engaged in hectic lobbying with their power buddies across party lines. Forest officials in states have turned unsure of whether tigers bring tourists to their forests or tourism protects the animal.Top lawyers are engaged by various 'interested' parties. Some other conservationists and tribal groups are holding meetings to discuss how to tackle the fallout of the apex court's final decision, which is likely soon. Ironically, amid this hubbub, tribals and poor farmers, who live in proximity to tiger, are caught in the legal cross fire, and are fast becoming collateral damage.It began with a petition in the SC on whether tourism should be allowed in the core of tiger reserves in Madhya Pradesh. The court took up the issue in earnest forcing the Union government to file its recommendations that it was dragging its feet on for several years, unwilling to rein in the powerful tourism-combo.But, the court went a step ahead and also ordered that buffer areas - with thousands of farmers and other poor tribals, besides industry and other businesses \u2014 around core of tiger reserves be demarcated. Creating buffer areas gives forest department greater control over land, irrespective of whether they are used for agriculture or mining.The environment ministry took the middle path on tourism. It finally recognized the irony in allowing tour operators, touts, conservationists-turned-entrepreneurs and camera and gear-loaded tourists to walk into forests when poor tribals had been thrown out for conserving the big cat and its breeding grounds.It agreed that the people in vicinity of tiger reserves were making little out of the business where resort-owners can earn upward of Rs 40,000 a night at times against the guarantee of a rare glimpse of the elusive animal.Recommendations were made to weed out tourism from the core of tiger reserves (which are legally meant to be inviolate or free of people) over the next five years and the wildlife tourism business around the national parks and sanctuaries be taxed 10% of their revenue to provide some money to conservation and local tourism.The guidelines, now before the apex court, have got the tourism groups and the state governments (Madhya Pradesh, Rajasathan and Uttarakhand) up in arms and hectic lobbying is on.A motley conglomeration of conservationists and rights groups - Friends of Conservation - have warned that under the ruse of court-imposed deadline, state governments are violating the Wildlife Protection Act and the Forest Rights Act to demarcate the buffers, overriding provisions of these laws which protect the rights of the poor in vicinity of the wildlife zones. Ironic, many point out, since the same state governments are preparing affidavits and writing letters to protect tourism in tiger reserves.Officials warn, albeit in hushed tones, that land around tiger reserves are quietly being hived off in benami transactions to bypass land-transfer rules. Farmers and tribals with little other option are selling their land than facing the brunt of forest-raaj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15484033", "title": "Litigants hit by court fees stamp shortage", "text": "MUMBAI: There appears to be a shortage of court fees stamps and each solicitor has been rationed court fee stamps worth Rs 10,000 per day.On Monday, when solicitor Shivaji Satpute went to buy stamps worth Rs 1.5 lakh as he had to file a petition before the Bombay high court, he was told that he would get stamps worth only Rs 10,000. A query, he said, at the counter outside the city civil court revealed there were no stamps. He called the superintendent of stamps but got no reply. The issue of shortage of stamps, a major source of revenue for the government, is a problem the lawyers have faced on and off. But the issue of limiting stamps per solicitor, said Satpute, meant that if a petition or suit had to be filed the next day and stamps worth more than Rs 10,000 were needed, there would be a problem.His case of a cooperative bank having to move court in appeal against an arbitration award against it was at the end of its three-month time-frame allowed in law before an appeal could be filed. He said he had to file the appeal on Tuesday as the 90 days would expire. He would now file an undertaking to attach the remaining Rs 1.4 lakh worth of stamps later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15485429", "title": "Two arrested for rape", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Neyyatinkara police on Monday arrested a 64-year-old retired school teacher for allegedly molesting a minor girl. The accused has been identified as Sukumaran Nair (64) of Vlangamuri near Neyyatinkara. Police said that girl lived with her widowed mother on the first floor of the house of the accused for rent.In another incident Kallambalam police arrested Suseelan (50) of Ottoor near Kallambalam for allegedly raping a 45-year-old bed-ridden woman. He had been absconding since Sunday. The police nabbed him from Ottoor town following a tip off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15485814", "title": "Central government health scheme delay in clearing bills hurts beneficiaries", "text": "BANGALORE: All is not well with the Central Government Health Scheme (CGHS) in Bangalore. Considered to be a silver lining for pensioners, government servants and freedom fighters, CGHS has now become a painful experience for the beneficiaries here.The problems are plenty when it comes to reimbursement of medical bills. One of the main reasons given to the beneficiaries for not reimbursing on time is shortage of funds.MN Sheikh (name changed), 67, a pensioner, has been visiting the 'E' wing of Kendriya Sadan in Koramangala, which houses the office of the additional director of CGHS, Bangalore, for over seven months now.\"I submitted my medical claim bill with the medical reimbursement claim (MRC) section about seven months back. Three of my bills have been pending for clearance since then. My wife and I depend on my pension. She is a cancer patient and such delay in clearing bills is affecting my financial stability,\" said Sheikh, a resident of Vijayanagar.Another pensioner, on condition of anonymity, said that many hospitals and diagnostic centres empanelled with the central government are refusing to admit the patients under CGHS. \"They either say that they don't have bed or simply refuse to admit us because they are not reimbursed by the government in time. Nobody wants to run into loss these days,\" said the pensioner.Said a doctor with MRC, CGHS, Bangalore: \"The situation has become much more comfortable in the past few months. We are clearing files (of claims) within three months now. There were delays on certain occasions because we were short-staffed, but now the recruitments have started and situation has improved. Sometimes the files are delayed because the beneficiaries do not submit proper documents and bills.\"Hospitals empanelled with the CGHS in Bangalore too face difficulties when it comes to reimbursing medical bills. Said KS Vasuki, general manager, corporate relations, Narayana Hrudayalaya: \"Reimbursement bills are not cleared by the department in time. Sometimes the bills are cleared within one or two weeks and sometimes it takes more than six months. Also many queries are asked by the third party agency, which reimburses the bills on behalf of the government. The entire procedure becomes too tedious to follow.\"Objective of CGHSTo provide comprehensive medical care facilities to central government employees and members of their family.To do away with the cumbersome and expensive system of reimbursement of medical expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "15485730", "title": "Rein in mushrooming of institutions: Expert", "text": "CUTTACK: Padmanabhan Balaram, director of Indian Institute of Science, has called for re-assesment of the policy of starting small and specialised institutions, which by regulatory sleight of hand, transform themselves into deemed universities.Speaking on the fifth convocation ceremony of Ravenshaw University here on Monday, the renowned scientist expressed concern over the academic decline in the universities across the country and said \"In the modern world, universities are the key elements in driving the economic development and in facing challenges of global competition. So restructuring and reform of our existing system is required\". He further stated that in the sector of higher education new institutions are being created in large numbers, even as we fail to stem the tide of decay in our older institutions.He said emphasis on research work has diminished over the years in the universities and blamed the policy of segregation of teaching and research work for it. \"India finds itself in a curious situation, where there were a large number of national laboratories which were well staffed and funded, but with only research and no teaching. On the contrary, there were a large number of colleges and universities with considerable teaching but little research,\" he added.Balaram stated fragmentation of centres of learning into specialised technical universities has hastened the decay. The distinguished scientist also mentioned that our economy and industry are surging forward, but education and research institutions show little signs of upward mobility.On the occasion, Chancellor of the university M C Bhandare said \"To meet the 21st century challenges our universities will have to play a crucial role. We need a focused agenda for education and skill development to get dividend from our demographic advantage,\".Vice-chancellor B C Tripathy spoke about the problem of shortage of faculty in the university. \"The ideal teacher student ratio should be 1:15. However, Ravenshaw is woefully short on this front. We are making every effort with state government to sanction the additional faculty positions.\"As many as 2,425 candidates were awarded degree certificates at the convocation. A total of 56 gold medals were awarded to the toppers, which includes 42 girls, and18 students were awarded Ph.D degrees. The university conferred honorary doctorate degrees to nine personalities, however, four of them were absent. The persons who received honorary doctorate degrees were Chief information commissioner of India, Satyananda Mishra, science fiction writer Gokulananda Mohapatra, P C Hota, former chairman UPSC, Justice Deba Priya Mohapatra and P Balaram, director of IISc, Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15483373", "title": "Congress promises Gujarat Administrative Tribunal on coming to power", "text": "SURAT: Continuing with its drive to woo the voters for forthcoming assembly polls, the Congress party has promised setting up of a Gujarat Administrative Tribunal (GAT) along with other sops to government employees. The tribunal would be set up on the lines of Central Administrative Tribunal ( CAT).The other major promise made to the employees by the party is implementation of sixth pay commission recommendations once it comes to power in the state.Party leader Siddharth Patel said in Surat on Monday, \"The Congress government will become a guardian for government employees who are being exploited by BJP government for various self publicity programmes.\"Patel further said Congress would stop the use of government machinery for publicity of the chief minister as is being done currently. The party has promised to fill the vacant posts in different government offices across the state.\"In 1995 total population of Gujarat was 4.5 crore and the number of government employees was 2.15 lakh. Currently, the state's population is about 6.15 crore, while number of government employees has been reduced to 1.74 lakh. The existing staff is overburdened and exploited,\" he said.The promises made by Patel are part of the 12-point 'Gujarat People Development Vision-2012' programme initiated by the party to woo various sections of voters before the forthcoming assembly polls in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15486093", "title": "Anticipated trouble but confident of controlling: Arup Patnaik", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik on Monday admitted that they got an intelligence report from the special branch two days prior to Saturday's rally about possible trouble but they were confident that they would be able to manage the situation as the police had taken adequate steps.\"Anticipating trouble, we had deployed 700 policemen including four DCPs. I believe that 700 was more than adequate to control 15,000 and in the past this much of force has handled around 1 lakh crowd. This group too was peacefully protesting in the ground but a small group which was not able to enter the ground started the trouble. The crime branch is now trying to identify that group,\" Patnaik said.But what Patnaik and his team failed to gauge was there were some among the group who had come fully prepared for violence. Police had to use tear gas and than finally resort to firing to control the mob. Patnaik, however, refused to comment on police firing that may have led to deaths of two persons, as a judicial inquiry has been ordered into it.Patnaik said that when mob went berserk he was worried about his own men rather than the mob.\"I was worried about my constables who had kept fingers ready on their triggers. I had seen the worst of the riots post-Babri Masjid demolition during my stint as DCP Zone-7. I somehow managed to go on the stage and requested people to control the anger and also reminded them that the 1992 riots should not be repeated. I don't know what would have happened but with the help of the community leaders, I managed to control the crowd and bring peace within 20 minutes. The traffic was restored. It was only through SMSs that the other parts of the city came to know what happened in south Mumbai,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15485791", "title": "Bangalore University students won't get civic sense lessons this year", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore University's grandiose proposal to teach civic sense to 19-year-olds has fallen flat. The varsity mooted the proposal so late that colleges found it impossible to commence the course which was to be introduced for all undergraduate programmes in the BU affiliated colleges. Following the opposition of the teachers of the affiliated colleges of Bangalore University, the varsity might rethink on introducing the subject this year.The Bangalore University Teacher's Association and Bangalore University First Grade Colleges' Principals Association on Monday submitted a memorandum asking them to reconsider the implementation this year.\"The communication to start the course came very late to us. It has been two months since the classes have begun. Completing the portions in the next one-and-a-half months is almost impossible. In a college with 6-7 sections, we need at least two full-time lecturers for the subject. It's not possible to find lecturers for that,\" said BS Srikantha, president of the principals' association.Apart from these technical issues, the teachers are also not happy about the idea of introducing the subject in an undergraduate programme. \"It's a subject that needs to be taught in the primary classes and not when the students are 18 years and above. It teaches the students against spitting and urinating in public,\" he added.Introducing the subject was ideated by the VC himself. \"We will rethink about introducing it this year. The decision will have to be taken by the syndicate,\" said BC Mylarappa, registrar, BU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15487724", "title": "Karan Johar scripts Hrithik, Kareena reel reunion", "text": "She has maintained she owes a lot to Karan Johar. The filmmaker in turn has always held Kareena Kapoor in high regard. So, when the actress, who has done multiple projects with Dharma Productions in the past, was offered the lead in Karan Malhotra's script, she accepted almost immediately.A source close to Kareena told us, \"Kareena is Karan Johar's 3am friend. She constantly takes his advice for her film projects. Every Dharma movie that Kareena has done has taken her career a few notches further. When she was told about Malhotra's script, she immediately agreed as she completely trusts KJo and treats him as a brother.\"The source added, \"The script is new. It is not based on the Immortals of Meluha . This will be one of the biggest projects for KJo next year, and he is looking forward to it. A big announcement is expected soon.\"While the leading lady has been finalised, inside buzz is, Hrithik Roshan will most likely return as Kareena's hero in the film. Indeed, Hrithik-Kareena's sizzling onscreen chemistry has wowed audiences in the past in films like Yaadein, Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham and Main Prem Ki Diwani Hoon. Perhaps rightly so since they were once rumoured to be romantically involved off-screen as well. However, after Main Prem..., they stopped working together in films. If the two actors share screen space once again, the audiences will have a lot to thank KJo for.Kareena Kapoor, who's reportedly left for the UK along with Saif Ali Khan , remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15486662", "title": "Congmen clean Shaheed Sthal", "text": "KANPUR: Members of Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee and locals cleaned the premises of non-existing 'Boodha Bargad' and 'Shaheed Sthal' situated at Nana Rao Park on Monday. Congressmen said that lackadaisical attitude of district administration led to disappearance of the historical tree.TOI highlighted the issue of poor management at Nana Rao Park in its edition on August 9. The report stated that this historical spot had been converted into a haven for anti-social elements. The muddy foot marks were visible on Shaheed Sthal. The garbage and filth scattered around the place proved that it was not cleaned for weeks.Even the grass on the premises had grown several feet. The municipal authorities said that there are 14 care-takers of the 'Boodha Bargad' premises and they will get it cleaned before Independence Day. But nothing happened till Monday.The members of Congress committee decided to clean 'Shaheed Sthal' and non-existing 'Boodha Bargad'.They gathered at the spot around 1 pm and cleaned the premises. The people also uprooted the grass grown near 'Shaheed Sthal' and washed the place.The kids offered floral tributes to the martyrs and sang patriotic songs. The members of Congress committee also gave a memorandum to the municipal commissioner, demanding security and cleanliness arrangements at this historical spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15485095", "title": "Hoax call made from cloned SIM", "text": "NEW DELHI: A hoax call about a ticking bomb on Saturday night has left police in a sweat about a new menace - phone cloning. While cases of criminals obtaining SIM cards on fake identities are commonplace, in the latest case pranksters seemed to have cloned the SIM card of a Ghaziabad based businessman to send police on a wild goose chase.\"When we probed the matter using technical surveillance, we found the calls were made from a SIM owned by a Vijay Nagar based businessman. We gave our inputs to the Ghaziabad police but the person they traced was completely in the dark about the calls,'' a Delhi police officer told TOI.Ghaziabad police found the man's claims to be true. \"He was very much in Ghaziabad on Saturday night even though the caller location was found to be Delhi's Mubarakpur. This is a serious case of cloning and we have sent a detailed report to Delhi Police,'' said an officer from Vijay Nagar police station.A case in this regard has been registered at the IP Estate police station. \"With Independence Day nearing, we cannot take chances. We are relying on our technical team to find out if someone deliberately used the cloned SIM to land him in trouble. The caller knew we will not take such a call lightly before Independence Day,'' said the officer.Sources said cases of SIM cards being cloned during return calls to unknown numbers are on the rise. Missed calls from numbers starting with +92, #90 or #09 are especially dangerous.According to reports, more than one lakh subscribers have fallen prey to this new telecom menace in India. The modus operandi of the SIM card cloning racket is simple. Callers get a missed call from a number starting with the above three mentioned numbers. The moment a subscriber calls back on the number, his or her cell phone is cloned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15485986", "title": "Down the memory lane: Vadodara's brush with Independence struggle", "text": "VADODARA: The year was 1939 and charismatic Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, the then president of Prajamandal was being escorted from Baroda railway station in a huge procession to the Palace grounds (the present location of Tibetan market) for a public meeting. Young Manubhai Patel, leader of the volunteer corps, was right at the front, when some Maratha leaders - loyalists of the reigning Gaekwad king - confronted the procession near Ahmedabadi pull, Raopura. A stone flew out and all hell broke loose. At the end of the clash, one young Maratha lay dead and Patel could not address the rally.\"But he didn't want to return without addressing the nationalists and so another rally was quickly planned at the present Alkapuri area, the next day. Sardar went on to deliver his famous line, to a sea of humanity there, \"Yeh pathar meri chhati par nahin, sarkar ki chhati par pade hain,\" recalls Manubhai, now 92, and spending a retired life in the city.Memories come flooding back to this former Lok Sabha , Rajya Sabha member and first deputy education minister, as the nation prepares to celebrate the 66th anniversary of Independence. Some believe Baroda's tryst with Independence struggle was largely confined to Prajamandal movement -which sought responsible governance in the states ruled by Indian princes. However, this princely state, despite a benevolent ruler like Sayajirao Gaekwad III, did play its part in the freedom struggle spearheaded by nationalists like Manubhai.In 1939, Manubhai was hardly 19, but he was eager to join the Satyagraha movement. He enlisted with other fellow students from Baroda college. In Ahmedabad, the leader of the movement, Mahatma Gandhi , was personally scrutinizing the lists. Since Manubhai was not yet 20, the age stipulated for joining Satyagrah, his name was deleted. He wrote to Gandhiji saying he had nothing else to do after having quit college in anticipation. Gandhiji wrote back saying, \"Go and work in a village.\" So Manubhai went to Hosindhra village in Sanghera and opened a primary school. A year later, he joined the movement. Three months later, he was undergoing his first jail sentence. Later, he was to undergo four more spells in jails, including one during emergency.The freedom movement caught momentum in 1942 in Baroda when Quit India Movement was launched. \"On August 10, 1942, Satyagraha began in Baroda, when a big rally of nationalists on way to Nyayamandir was stopped near Sursagar by the police. On August 13, as a student leader, I organized a mazdoor conference in a ground in Sayagunj, where the bus stand is located now. The state police, headed by an Irish officer ran their horses through the crowd to disperse the rally. I had to go underground after police issued arrest warrants for me.\"\"The rally led to student protests and the first batch of 100 students courted arrest in Bharuch on August 16. The next day, another batch of students got off at Anand to sneak into Bharuch. They were arrested immediately. Five of them were shot dead by the British police at the station without any provocation. The very next day, in Baroda, people held a mammoth protest rally, filling the entire stretch between Jubilee Garden to the tower. This again invited establishment's wrath and mounted police again attacked the rally, firing and raining batons on the unarmed protesters. This led to the death of a protester whose memorial stands in front of Kothipull,\" Manubhai recalls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15483985", "title": "Maoist-hit zones in Bokaro to get aganwadi centres, hospitals", "text": "BOKARO: The Independence Day celebration will come with good news for residents of Maoist-hit blocks as the administration is soon going to start 200 new aganwadi centers, 42 health sub-centers, 40 water supply projects and 16 warehouses in the district. These facilities have come under Integrated Action Plan (IAP) of the central government.Bokaro is one among the 60 districts identified as Naxalite-hit in the country. The district has been allotted Rs 55 crore from the central government under IAP for development in its nine blocks. The government believes that development of the areas is a key to weed out extremism.There are1,542 projects related to roads, bridges, water supply, kitchen sheds in schools and others which are coming up under the IAP. The administration while allotting the projects in the district have focused more on Gomia, Nawadih, Kasmar and Petarwar blocks as these areas are most affected by Maoists.However, Bokaro DC Sunil Kumar in a monthly review meeting on IAP projects with the government officials has come to know that many projects were waiting for handover to its user agencies. Kumar has directed the officials to handover these within a week so that they can be started soon.Kumar said he had constituted a committee which would assess under-construction projects coming up under the IAP in district. There are 808 kitchen sheds, roads, bridges and other infrastructures which are under-construction. \"The committee comprising magistrates and engineers will check the projects in each block.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15486571", "title": "Rain, Ramdev choke e-way, extra windows of no help", "text": "GURGAON: Traffic moved at a snail's pace at the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway toll plaza during peak hours on Monday %in spite of the extra windows put up by the private concessionaire.Punjab and Haryana high court had recently ordered the concessionaire, DSC Ltd, to put up extra kiosks at the toll plaza to reduce traffic congestion.The concessionaire said it was experimenting with various combinations and the results would be documented and presented to Punjab and Haryana high court on the next date of hearing.While during the morning peak hours, extra kiosks were put up for Delhi traffic entering Gurgaon, it was done on the opposite during the evening. The functioning of extra kiosks was hampered in the evening by the rain.Rain and Baba Ramdev's rally in Delhi played spoilsport for commuters during evening hours. The private agency staff abandoned the canopy-like temporary structures when it started raining. The kiosks were found abandoned for one hour. Later, a spokesperson confirmed that kiosks could not function properly due to the rain. The service was restored around 7pm.Due to rain the canopies with waterproof shelters were abandoned by the officials. The mobile ticketing then started at around 7pm where personnel in four canopies along with one extra official standing between the toll and each canopy (totalling six booths) with the mobile ticketing device on seven lanes on the Gurgaon side of the expressway stood for toll collection.A spokesperson said five officials each stood on five lanes with handheld machines during morning hours. Bumper-to-bumper traffic were seen both in the morning and evening. The private concessionaire is hopeful of finding the right permutation to reduce jams.A spokesperson added, \"We have experimented with the configuration suggested by the high court to process a batch of six vehicles simultaneously by setting up five additional remote terminals prior to the fixed booth in the cash lanes (5 plus 1 toll booth), besides putting up three plus one toll booth in the 10 cash lanes by setting up temporary kiosks in each of the cash lanes during peak hours. Apart from these two configurations, we have also experimented with other permutations. About 100 additional staff was deployed to ensure that these experiments were conducted properly.Some configurations are more effective than others and the comparative data is being collated to assess the most effective tolling configuration and the findings would be submitted to the high court,\" said the spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15484346", "title": "Citizens welcome relief from heaven", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The rains which continued to drench the city for over 36 hours, were a welcome relief from the heat and humidity the of the last fortnight. Hundreds of citizens were seen enjoying the light showers on Monday morning and evening with cups of hot tea and dalwadas. The city traffic however was thrown out of gear due to waterlogging and traffic jams.\"After a very long wait for the monsoon, it has arrived with a bang. I am very happy now. My friends and I hit SG Road on Monday afternoon, after the rain's intensity decreased, and enjoyed sweet corn and other treats,\" said Nilay Bhavsar, a student at Gujarat University.As the city experienced the most rainfall of the season, 72 mm, in the 12 hours ending 8 pm on Monday, many schools announced a holiday on observing waterlogging in nearby areas.Some afternoon classes were also delayed as students couldn't reach on time. Nirnaynagar and Akhbarnagar underpasses were closed after 3 feet of water collected in them. The water receded only late in the evening. It was a field day for traffic cops as showers thrown traffic out of gear. The men in white were seen directing traf fic manually as long queues formed near construction sites such as Ellisbridge, Gujarat College, Raikhad, Kalupur and Teen Darwaja.Severe waterlogging in the new west zone plagued movement of traffic and pedestrians. Angry residents stormed the Sarkhej ward office on Monday after civic authorities failed to respond to severe waterlogging in their localities. Areas like Arbudanagar, Fatehwadi, Rohitvas , Mavjipura areas opposite Amber Tower Gokulgam and Sankalitnagar 'E' ward were even worse.Haji Mirza, councilor for Sarkhej ward told TOI, \"The newly laid stormwater drains have not worked. There were several areas that remained waterlogged throughout the day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15484428", "title": "UP\u2019s economic divide seen in unemployment allowance", "text": "LUCKNOW: The horizon suddenly widened for Amir, a cook from Ghazipur, when he visited the house of his Greater Noida based employer. \"For once, I couldn't believe my eyes,\" he said. The youth's observation explains the great divide between east and west UP. \"I think people don't live in my district. They simply count days mainly because there are no jobs,\" he added.The dearth of jobs in east UP reflects in the high number of candidates seeking unemployment allowances. Data from the state labour department shows that of 1.15 lakh applicants, more than 47% are from 21 districts across six divisions of Poorvanchal. Of these, Ghazipur accounts for maximum 5,253 applicants. Compared to this, the department has received just 12,946 applications from 26 districts across six divisions falling in west UP. Here, Noida, including Greater Noida, has seen just 29 applicants. The neighboring district of Ghaziabad that houses the industrial area of Modinagar has 31 applicants.The number of applicants from central UP is three times that of west UP. Central UP, which includes Lucknow and Kanpur, accounts for 31.7% applicants. Experts say the trend indicates the sorry state of industry in Lucknow and Kanpur. Figures show the grim situation in Kanpur where 2618 persons have applied for unemployment allowance.Bundelkhand has sprung a surprise with seven of its districts accounting for about 7% applicants. Social sciences experts say this could indicate two trends: \"Either people living in the area are not aware of the scheme or they are engaged in some kind of work. The educational bench mark of 'high school pass' may have also deprived many persons in need,\" said Sunita Singh, who works in Jhansi.Development economist Arvind Mohan attributed the trend to 'abundance of opportunities in west UP'. \"More than 60% of the industrialisation and about 70% of investment is concentrated in the western districts whereas the economy of east UP rests on agriculture. Though west UP is also equally dependant on agriculture, higher rate of productivity gives its residents an edge. Not only this, chances for alternative employment in small, medium and high scale industries is also higher in the west,\" he explained.\"Government giving unemployment allowance may have bagged votes for the Samajwadi Party but this money will not contribute in UP's growth. The real change and progress will come only through creation of jobs, jobs,\" said Moulindu Mishra, a functionary in the LU affiliated colleges association. Meanwhile, the state government is ready to dole out the first installment of the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15487597", "title": "Prithviraj Chavan for fast tracking of Indu mill land handover", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Monday said that he planned to raise the issue for fast tracking the handover of the Prabhadevi-based Indu mill land.The state has plans to set up a modern-day memorial of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar on the land, which is owned by Centre's National Textile Corporation.The state has sought hand over of the land. Restrictions on account of the coastal regulations and existing norms however stand in the way of the transfer of the land.A delegation of Republican Party leaders met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Monday to discuss the issue.Chavan assured the leaders of discussing the matter with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.During the meeting, home minister RR Patil urged the delegation to withdraw plans of a stir on the issue in wake of the tense law and order situation following the ugly riots on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15485834", "title": "500 University of Agricultural Sciences workers begin protest", "text": "DHARWAD: Over 500 field workers of University of Agricultural Sciences (UAS) in Dharwad began their indefinite strike at the varsity premises on Monday.The field workers who form a sizable chunk of the work force took out a procession in the varsity campus and staged dharna in front of the administrative building. Addressing the protestors, president of the Agricultural Labourers' and Monthly Paid Employees Association of the University of Agricultural Sciences V N Halakatti flayed the varsity authorities for allegedly not heeding to the demands of the workers seeking regularization of their services.He said the varsity had sought government's permission to regularize the services of 665 field workers who have served from 1984 to 2006 on daily wages basis.He said the government was willing to regularize the services of these employees and alleged that present vice chancellor R R Hanchinal and registrar H S Vijaykumar were reluctant to send a proposal to the government. He said the VC and the registrar wanted the finance department to give its nod before sending the proposal for regularization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15486101", "title": "5 member gang arrested", "text": "COIMBATORE: A five-member gang, involved in a series of house break-ins and robberies in the city, were arrested on Monday. The city police have seized 60 sovereigns of gold jewels from the gang.The accused have been identified as: S Mariselvam (24) of Pappampatti; D Sudalai (28) and V Manikandan (24) of Neelikonampalayam; V Siva (42) of CMC Colony in Ukkadam and K Vellingiri (38) of Mayilkal.Police said the five accused roamed around residential localities with household utensils and identified locked houses. Then the gang burgled selected houses during the night. Some of the places where the gang struck include Peelamedu, Singanallur, Podanur, Saravanampatti. The same gang has also been involved in five chain snatching cases in various areas. According to police, they pick pocketed from passengers in crowded buses. Their involvement in crimes, were not known to neighbours in the locality, since they usually doubled up as sales personnel.\"We have seized 60 sovereigns of gold jewels from them,\" said Inspector (crime) D Suresh, Peelamedu police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "15485544", "title": "Two elephants go berserk in Kollam", "text": "KOLLAM: In separate incidents, two elephants ran amok in the district causing tension for more than six hours.According to police, a tusker named Vasudevan which was in musth ran amok near Kilikollur in the wee hours of Monday. He was brought under control by tranquilizing by early in the morning.In the second incident, which took place at Mangad, tusker Kannan was unchained by mistake when his mahout was taking him for a bath. The tusker threw the mahout Vishnu down when the latter tried to control the elephant. Vishnu who was injured was later shifted to hospital.Police said the elephant barged into a school compound where students were attending Onam examinations. However, the animal didn't cause any harm. The elephant then ran along the road bringing the traffic to a standstill for nearly three hours.Later, the tusker was brought under control by tranquilizing him near Kallumthazham by 3 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15485701", "title": "Special vaccination drive in state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: To improve state's poor immunization records, the government on Monday started the first of its kind special drive to vaccinate children left out during routine immunization.Nodal officer for the immunization Dr K K Rout said the campaign will continue for five days each in the third weeks of August, September, October and November. It aims to cover more than 75,000 children in eight districts having poor vaccination records. These include Gajapati, Ganjam, Rayagada, Kalahandi, Balangir, Boudh, Malkangiri and Nabarangpur. Besides these high focus eight districts, the catch up round will continue in identified difficult terrains and inaccessible pockets in other districts too, Rout added.Health department squads will go door-to-door to vaccinate children up to two years for polio, DTP, BCG, measles , Hepatitis B , for whichever of these they had missed during routine vaccination. Besides, pregnant women will be given tetanus. \"We have been undertaking awareness drives in the form of posters and media campaigns to maximize the coverage,\" he said.In the first leg, which started Monday, the health department aims to cover 1,300 habitations, including villages, urban slums and work sites. During the second phase in third week of September, 4,400 habitations will be covered, Rout added. National Rural Health Mission is funding the drive.According to the AHS, undertaken by the Office of Registrar General and Census commissioner of India, around 0.9% kids in Odisha are not immunized at all. Among various districts of the state, Gajapati has the worst situation where 4.9% children do not receive any vaccine. Seven per cent kids in Gajapati are not vaccinated for BCG. Other worse performing districts are Nabarangpur (2.4%), Malkangiri (2.4%) and Koraput (2.3%).Fifty per cent children receive polio drops at birth in Nabrangpur, followed by 50.2 % in Malkangiri and 56.7% in Koraput against a state average of 76.9%, the AHS said.Around 75% children aged 12 to 23 months get three doses of polio vaccine in the state. The situation is worst in Malkanagiri where around 25% kids get the three doses. Other very poor performing districts include Rayagada (29.6%) and Kalahandi (35%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15484877", "title": "Intruder held at Navy air station in Visakhapatnam", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: In what could be a major security breach, barely hours after Indian Navy chief Nirmal Verma landed at the INS Dega in Visakhapatnam, an unidentified intruder was nabbed in the high security zone in the late hours of Sunday. This arrest comes in the wake of a red alert by the security agencies at all the airports across the country ahead of the Independence Day.It remains a mystery as to how the unidentified 28-year-old man gained entry into the Eastern Naval Command's air station INS Dega at a time when the entry of visitors have been barred as part of the general alert, which is secluded from the main Vizag airport premises.The INS Dega premises was thoroughly screened and checked by the security personnel by using sniffer dogs to detect any explosives after the intruder was picked up. Though no explosive material was found, the intrusion has puzzled the security wings. His answers were vague and not cohesive during interrogation by the Naval sleuths.Sources told TOI that the intruder was fluent in Hindi and has a tattoo of Lord Hanuman on one of his hands. \"He gained entry into the air station at 11.30 pm,\" a source said. The operations of the civilian flights close at 8 pm at the airport, which is under the surveillance of CISF jawans.Sources said the intruder entered the area through the taxi stand linking the air station and was noticed by the quick reaction team of the Navy when he was running towards the runway.The security personnel detained him. Source said the intruder had good physique as the security personnel had to run hard to nab him. Highly-placed sources said the CRPF personnel had noticed him earlier moving suspiciously in the civilian airport area.Sources said the naval authorities could not extract any information from him despite hours of grilling. He mentioned Akroor sector in Kashmir which borders Pakistan during the interrogation more than once.\"When intelligence sleuths asked him he merely said he entered the INS Dega premises for food, which is unbelievable,\" a senior official said. He gave out several names like Suresh, Dharmendra, Siva and others when asked about his identity. At one stage he said he was heading for Mumbai from Rajasthan. \"Later, he claimed he escaped from a prison as he was jailed though he had no role in a case of car theft,\" the official said.The authorities are trying to establish the identity of the intruder with the particulars of two robbers who escaped from a prison in Haryana recently. The Indian Navy chief is on a farewell visit to ENC for three days.The intruder was handed over to the local police by the Navy. The city commissioner J Poornachandra Rao said that the interrogation has started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15483681", "title": "Manipuri basti locals push for beautification of century-old pond", "text": "GUWAHATI: Locals of Manipuribasti locality of Paltan Bazar in the city have pushed for beautification of the over 100-year-old Manipuri Jagannathbari Rajahua Pukhuri (pond) that has been facing government apathy for several decades.This is a vital waterbody from where people of Ulubari, Rihabari and Manipuribasti areas collect water. But the pond is facing neglect even after chief minister Tarun Gogoi personally took part in a cleaning drive by the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC).Though the GMC has taken an initiative to beautify the pond, locals of the area urged the civic body to expedite cleaning work at the earliest. \"It is a 100-year-old pond from where people of the nearby localities collect water for performing religious festivals and also other programmes. After many years, the state government took initiative and the chief minister himself came here to oversee cleaning work. We urge the GMC to speed up restoration work as soon as possible,\" said S Mohan Singh , secretary of Manipuri Jagannathbari Sewa Samiti. Sources said a geo-technical survey of the pond has also been done and the report is going to be submitted before the GMC soon.The Samiti, despite its best efforts, has failed to keep the pond clean since many traders from Paltan Bazar have started disposing garbage in the waterbody. Many devotees who come to the temple, located near the pond, also throw coconuts there.\"The firm which has been assigned renovation work of the pond has informed us that Rs 45 lakhs has been released for the work. We are expecting proper utilization of funds,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484813", "title": "TN moves SC over sharing of Cauvery waters, apex court irked by Centre\u2019s lack of concern", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday was surprised by the Centre's apparent lack of engagement in resolving the dispute between Tamil Nadu and Karnataka over sharing of Cauvery waters in distress years despite successive chief ministers of Tamil Nadu petitioning the Prime Minister-headed Cauvery River Authority (CRA) several times. When TN's counsel C S Vaidyanathan told the court that no CRA meeting had been convened after 2003, a bench of Justices D K Jain and Madan Lokur looked for the Centre's law officers \u2014 either the attorney general or the solicitor general \u2014 to find out the level of engagement the issue had received from the Union government.When only panel counsel Wasim A Qadri appeared and that too without sufficient reasoning, the bench observed, \"The copy of Tamil Nadu's application was served on the Union government on July 25. Yet, it appears to have no concern for this matter.\" Asking the Centre to detail steps taken on this issue, the bench said, \"Do not compel us to make observations which would be unpalatable to the Union government.\"The J Jayalalitha government in its application said in the 25th meeting of the Central Monitoring Committee on August 24, 2010, the state had stressed the need for getting the Distress Sharing Formula approved by the CRA as the water released by Karnataka in scanty rainfall years was low, resulting in crop failure. It said the chief minister had written to the PM in August and December 2010 to convene the CRA meeting. Following this, the Union water resources secretary convened a meeting of chief secretaries of Tamil Nadu and Karnataka but it could not reach a consensus on distress sharing formula. \"Karnataka has not agreed to the distress sharing formula evolved by Central Water Commission/Cauvery Monitoring Committee, with the result that it resorts to impounding all the flows in its reservoirs depriving TN in getting its legitimate flows, more so during the lean years, thus aggravating the distress situation,\" TN said. The bench asked Karnataka to file its reply to TN's application and posted the matter for further hearing on September 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15485560", "title": "Bid to re-release Sivaji classic ends up in court", "text": "CHENNAI: The screen value of old Tamil classics has skyrocketed after the stellar performance of the re-released 'Karnan', the mythological film of 1964 vintage featuring Sivaji Ganesan . Released in digital format about five months ago, the film is still on in some theatres on one-show-a-day basis.Now, a courtroom fight has broken out between two distribution houses over the rights of another Sivaji classic, 'Thiruvilaiyadal'. Directed by the legendary A P Nagarajan, the movie about Lord Shiva was released in 1965.Recently, Justice R Subbiah of the Madras high court, hearing a suit filed by G Vijaya of Vijaya Pictures, ordered maintenance of status quo for two weeks in respect of digitization and release of 'Thiruvilaiyadal'. The matter will be again taken up for hearing on August 16.In her suit, Vijaya contended that in the year 1975, Sri Vijayalakshmi Pictures, which was in possession of the rights of the film, had transferred the entire world negative rights and all other rights such as exploitation and screening in cinema theatres in favour of Movie Film Circuit. In 1976, the latter had transferred all the rights to Vijaya Pictures.Vijaya Pictures, perhaps buoyed by the performance of 'Karnan', approached the Gemini Colour Laboratory for digitization of 'Thiruvilaiyadal' so that it can be re-released. Vijayalakshmi Pictures, however, wrote to the laboratory asking it not to release the film without their prior consent.In her suit, Vijaya said the entire world negative rights for distribution and exhibition would also mean digitization, as digital format is no different from the original format except enhancement of viewing quality.Noting that digitisation did not require any separate licence, she said the entire world negative rights already conferred on her will encompass exploitation an exhibition of the film in digital format also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15487870", "title": "When old car of Anurag Basu used as a train for Barfi!", "text": "An old car he was emotionally attached to and a train he needed badly for the shoot of his next, Barfi! Seems Anurag Basu found a way out of his dilemma. The director's prized Maruti 800 was used as the engine of the train built by the film's art director, Rajat Podar, using plywood and cooking tumblers as headlights.Apparently, Basu used to romance his wife in this very same car, which also happens to be his first. With so many memories associated with the car, the filmmaker cherishes it as a lucky charm.Basu told us, \"We needed a train for the shoot, and we practically created it out of my first car. After we created the body of the train, we didn't know how to move it. Suddenly, I thought my old car may be of some use. I showed it to our artist and he was ready to work on it. Within days, he modified it to make it fit on the train's body, and we finally had a train shoot. It's incredible.\"A source revealed the train was used as part of the Mumbai schedule at Chandivali Studios.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15486609", "title": "CEOs sing for hapless kids", "text": "GURGAON: Head honchos from the corporate world took part in the fundraiser, \"CEOs sing for their Supper\", on Saturday night at Crown Plaza Today, Gurgaon. The funds have been collected to save the lives of critically ill children.The event was held to facilitate and financially support the extraordinary medical intervention for the critically ill, abandoned and less privileged children who are facing serious health issues such as cancer , cardiac disorder, organ failure, thalassemia and extreme deformities.There were eight CEOs who sang their favourite songs ranging from hit Bollywood numbers to classical Jazz and rock, leaving the audience spellbound. Pankajj Chaturvedi, executive director and CEO, Rich Graviss Products Pvt Ltd, said: \"While donations, fundraising, etc. serve the cause of these children, it is equally important to make them feel loved, wanted and special. Genesis did exactly that. I feel privileged to be part of this noble cause and would like to extend my full support to Genesis Foundation's event which aims to raise funds and create awareness about this cause.\"The foundation is helping six critically ill children who are suffering from diseases like Acute Lymphoblastic Leukaemia, Thalassemia major and Spine tuberculosis while others have o undergo heart surgeries and Valve replacement. These children are aged from eight months to 15 years who belong to the underprivileged section of the society where the family income is Rs 5,000 and below.The CXOs band, Win Tage, started the show with a bang. ,The CEOs who sang and helped raise funds were Niren Chaudhary, CEO of Yum restaurants India Pvt Ltd, Shireesh Joshi, COO-Strategic Marketing Group Godrej, Dr Thomas Chandy, CMD - Hosmat Hospitals-Banglore, Pankajj Chaturvedi, Executive director and CEO of Rich Graviss Products, Shyam Sunder, COO of Quatrro Mortgage Solutions, Vikash Gupta, CEO of Opera Wines, Navroze Dhondhy, Founder and Managing director of Creatigies Communications Pvt Ltd, and Ranjan Chopra, Founder and Chief Managing Director - Team computers.After the CEOs' performance, the floor was opened to many other guests who took the mike and continued to make it an enjoyable evening. Prema Sagar, Founder Trustee of Genesis Foundation, said, \"Genesis Foundation's events are a lot of fun for the participants and bring hope and smiles to the children we support and their families. We have held similar events in the past and this is the fourth time it is being held in Gurgaon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15484634", "title": "Chacko warns BJP of catch-22 situation", "text": "times news networkNEW DELHI: In a bid to counter BJP's demand that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and finance minister P Chidambaram be examined by the Joint Parliamentary Committee on telecom, continuation of committee members Yashwant Sinha and Jaswant Singh is being questioned if they too are summoned as witnesses.JPC chairman P C Chacko has conveyed to BJP members that if their demand for examining political witnesses is accepted, it would have consequences for both Sinha and Singh. Both are former finance ministers and have been associated with decisions related to the telecom sector.\"The remit of the committee is from 1998 onwards. If current ministers are called, former ministers will also be summoned. If they appear as witnesses, it may be difficult for them to continue as JPC members as they will end up being part of a report that comments on their tenures,\" sources said.Chacko is currently consulting all parties represented in the JPC over how to negotiate the final list of witnesses to be examined before the panel submits a report in December. He is expected to complete his consultations by the end of the week.It is being argued that BJP's preparedness for any relevant NDA figure being questioned by JPC is a more complex issue. Both Sinha and Singh have offered to present themselves as witnesses but the Congress is arguing that the leaders cannot also pass judgment on their terms in office.So far, parties like DMK have conveyed that they will not be averse to the panel winding up its proceedings after examination of some more key witnesses. Chacko has been arguing that not more than half a dozen witnesses can be examined and that the committee has sufficient official record to go by.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15483451", "title": "Kurla jeweller ends life after gold theft from his shop", "text": "MUMBAI: A 46-year-old jeweller killed himself by consuming poison on Sunday a few days after 700 gm of gold was robbed from his shop, the police said. The jeweller Vishwanath Santra's employee Badal found his employer dead in his shop in Kurla. The police said Santra's family and employee claimed that he was under tremendous pressure after the theft because he had to repay the creditors who gave the gold to make ornaments. \"Santra was under pressure after the creditors on learning about the theft repeatedly knocked on his doors demanding immediate return of the valuables they had given. He ended his life when he found no means of returning the gold,\" said a police officer.On Sunday the employee Badal stayed with Santra till 9pm in the shop. Badal said, \"Santra closed the shop in front of me around 9pm. However, he didn't reach his Kurla home till late in the night. At midnight I received a call from Santra's wife and sons enquiring about his whereabouts.\"On the family's request Badal decided to search for him and finally decided to search in the shop. \"Badal said that at midnight he opened the shop and found his employer dead and found a poison bottle by his side,\" the police said.\"It has been learnt that Santra was under pressure after his former partner at his jewellery unit had fled with around 700 gm of gold worth approximately Rs 21 lakh last month. Ever since the robbery Santra had been under pressure. His family members told us that some of the persons who had lent him gold were after him to return the stolen gold,\" said deputy commissioner of police (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni.Earlier, Santra had called his son to the shop on Sunday and gave him Rs 25,000 to take care of his family. He told his son that he would be going to their village, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15485630", "title": "Arcot prince urges Obama to address Islamophobia", "text": "CHENNAI: The prince of Arcot Nawab Mohammed Abdul Ali urged the US president to address Islamophobia, which has assumed monstrous proportions lately.He was speaking at an Iftaar hosted by the acting US consul general on Monday. He said that the recent attack on the Gurudwara in the US was a case of mistaken identity.He said that the gunman who carried out the attack was confused and the turban and beard perhaps made him think that the Sikhs were Muslims, which proves the hatred for Muslims in the US. He added that many Muslims from different parts of the world are under pressure and innocent people are killed.He said that islam preaches peace, tolerance and universal brother hood like any other religion. Islam is being misunderstood as a religion of violence and blood shed because of some handful of anti social elements, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15486691", "title": "\u2018Chinese articles not available on Independence Day\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: \"Independence Day and Republic Day are the rare occasions when Chinese articles are not available\", said Fauzi, a flag wholeseller at Haraha Sarai area of the city. If the flags sellers of the city are to be believed, it is not the Chinese but Indian plastic that is selling in the flag markets this Independence Day.According to Fauzi, although most of the articles like badges, pins, key chains, bands, table flags are made up of plastic and rubber, they are prepared in the country and purchased from Delhi, Kolkata, Kanpur and Lucknow. According to Shadab, who deals with all varities of Chinese toys in Haraha Sarai area, \"a few Chinese articles like tricolour baloon, rubber flags were introduced a few years ago, it could not generate enough business on the occasion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15486400", "title": "Fishing season commences, prices to come down soon", "text": "MANGALORE: Fish eaters can rejoice. The fishing season has started. Prices of fishes that were soaring are expected to come down in about 10 days' time.Mackerel, the poor man's fish, has started landing at Panambur, but in small quantities. Small size mackerel cost about Rs 100 to Rs 150 per 10, which is a relief as the same used to cost almost double a fortnight back. But as the fishing boats will not come back for at least a week or so from deep sea fishing, the prices in the retail sector are expected to be high for the present. In retail stores, the prices are high like in off season.High value fish like cuttle fish, seer and pomfret will arrive in a fortnight's time, says Suresh Kumar Ullal, deputy director, department of fisheries. \"Traditional boats have started landing mackerel and small-sized prawns at Panambur beach and they are reasonably priced,'' says Suresh, who bought mackerel at Rs 10 per piece. Small-sized prawns are priced at Rs 150 to Rs 180 per kg.Umesh Karkera, honorary president, Karnataka Purse-Seiner Fishermen's Association, says that there have been landings of small quantity of cuttle fish and prawns at the Old Port. \"But these are brought by vessels which developed a minor breakdown at sea. As they could not continue fishing with vessel trouble, they have returned with their minor catch,\" he adds.Umesh says major fish landings should happen after Independence Day, when deep sea vessels which left the port in the first week of August will return. \"There are indications that the catch is good and the prices should come down considerably depending on the variety of catch,\" Umesh says.RETAIL PRICEMackerel is priced between Rs 140 and Rs 160 per kg. Seer and pomfret cost above Rs 700 and Rs 800 per kg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "15485870", "title": "Illegal occupancy: Housing Board, RTO lock horns", "text": "UJJAIN: Madhya Pradesh State Housing Board is all set to lodge a complaint against RTO H R Rohit for his alleged illegal occupancy of the official residence.Sources within the Board said that the officer was illegally occupied HIG House Number 32 in Laxminagar for the last two years. \"The board has sent several notices to the RTO with regard to vacating the house. Even Madhya Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (MPSRTC) had directed him to vacate the house. But the officer has not budged,\" said the source.After making vain efforts, the board has instructed its officials to lodge a complaint with the police in this regard. The MP State Housing Board allotted houses to MPSRTC (Madhya Pradesh State Road Corporation) officials in1996-97. After winding up of MPSRTC, the state government had issued orders in December 2010 to vacate the houses allotted to the officials of the board with immediate effect. However the local MPSRTC had the possession of HIG house number 32 at Laxminagar that was allotted to RTO Ujjain Office in which the officer had moved.By cancelling allotment of the house of MPSRTC by MP Housing Board, the RTO has not been following the department's instructions to vacate the house. \"As a result, the board has decided to lodge a police complaint against Rohit,\" said Girish Jain, property officer of the Board.When contacted RTO Rohit, said that the property along with other three properties of Tarana Tehsil, Mahidpur Tehsil and Ujjain Workshop of MPSRTC at Maxi Road are all under possession of his department as per the State Government's order since 2005. \"A government tax of Rs 32,000 crore is pending with MPSRTC, as a result these properties are in their departments possession by the order of the government,\" he said adding that his house too comes under the property and it was not a personal property. He claimed that he had sent replies to the Board a week back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15485970", "title": "Agitating shopkeepers block traffic", "text": "PATIALA: Thousands of agitating shopkeepers, protesting against the sealing of their shops, blocked Chandigarh-Bathinda road for more than two hours on Monday morning. The protesters also blocked Sirhind-Rajpura bypass in Urban Estate area of Patiala.The blockade was lifted by shopkeepers at around 12.30 pm after administration officials promised to arrange a meeting with CM on August 15 after the Independence Day function.The Punjab and Haryana High Court had recently directed Patiala authorities to seal commercial establishments of Patiala city, which are operating from residential areas.The HC had directed the Patiala Municipal Corporation to identify properties with unsanctioned building plans by August 14 and serve them a three-day notice.The authorities are bound to seal such establishments as the court has sought a compliance report by August 22.The decision of state the government to organise a state level function at Patiala has multiplied the problems of local civil and police authorities as protesters have formed special groups, who are planning and blocking traffic simultaneously in different parts of city, sources said.The protesters have decided to converge at Sherawala gate on August 14 in the morning around 8.30 am and hold a protest march in the city, followed by a big protest in the city to announce their future course of action on August 15.When contacted, Patiala range DIG L K Yadav said that the situation is under control.\"We have been working to convince shopkeepers about arriving at a peaceful solution,\" said the DIG.Meanwhile, shopkeepers have also announced to greet Punjab CM with black flags on August 15.\"We would greet CM with black flags when he arrives in Patiala on August 15 to preside over the state level function. Thousands of local shopkeepers are losing their source of livelihood, but the state government has not taken any action so far to save us,\" said Rakesh Gupta, president of Patiala Beopar Bachao Sangharsh Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15485387", "title": "Gold, cash looted from Koyilandi house", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Burglars broke into a house in Koyilandi in the district and decamped with gold jewellery weighing 33 sovereigns and Rs 1.3 lakh in cash on Sunday evening.Koyilandi police said the burglary took place at the house of Vyshyathu Veetil Ahammed, residing at Koyilandi town, when he had gone with his family to Kozhikode. The family returned at 10pm and found that the front door was found broken open and the jewellery and cash kept in a cupboard in the bedroom missing, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15486043", "title": "After repairs, breach in Pratappura reservoir", "text": "VADODARA: Pratappura reservoir, a major backup for water supply to the city and which replenishes the Ajwa reservoir, has developed a breach during the maiden attempt to fill it after its recent repair. Water from the reservoir gushed into Vishwamitri river and hence 11 villages in Waghodiya taluka have been put on alert.The reservoir was a major contributor to the 2005 floods in the city as it was breached even then. As per norms, the reservoir was to be filled only for testing this year before being put to use. But heavy rains in its catchment areas have led to high inflow of water in the reservoir. The breach which was thus caused was around one to two feet in the morning and has now expanded to around 15 feet.The reservoir is maintained by Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) and was repaired with Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JnNURM) grants. The breach in Pratappura also contributed to rising of the water in Vishwamitri.\"Incessant rains had led to water flowing six to seven feet above the gates of the outlet of the reservoir. The breach has taken place at the discharge in Vishwamitri. We are monitoring the situation closely, but some respite from the rains has ensured that the Vishwamitri has become stable at around 15 feet. A warning is issued at 20 feet and evacuation is conducted at 22 feet,\" said VMC commissioner Ashwini Kumar.The present breach has taken place at the very place where the reservoir was breached in 2005 and was subsequently repaired. VMC city engineer Shailesh Mistry said the portion where the breach took place was the weakest in the dam. The civic body has roped in experts from Gujarat Engineering Research Institute and the irrigation department for repairs. \"Heavy machinery has been placed at the site and we are trying to plug the breach at the earliest,\" said Mistry.The 90-year-old reservoir has earthen walls. After several expert opinions, work began on the reservoir in 2010 after a detailed project report put up by the VMC was cleared under JnNURM in 2009. Officials said that the work had become must not only because of the breach, but also because it had suffered some damage during the 2001 earthquake too. Also, Pratappura was nearing its lifespan of 110 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15484511", "title": "New Deolali official assures residents of better civic facilities", "text": "NASHIK: The new vice-president of Deolali Camp cantonment board, Tanaji Karanjkar has set up a time-bound priority to providing all civic facilities to residentsat the Deolali cantonment board.Karanjkar who was a corporator of Ward 8 from the Vijay Nagar area said, \"Residents ought to get primary civic facilities and I would be striving for the same during my tenure.\"He also said that the cantonment board has about 13.5 acres of land spread across different locations and he was planning to make optimum use of such space in the interest of the residents.\"Some part of the land can be used for creating gardens, libraries and community halls. We can also develop volleyball and badminton courts in different localities and youngsters from such neighbourhoods will have a good avenue to develop interest in sports while using their time fruitfully,\" he said.When asked about the water shortage in parts of Deolali Camp, the new vice-president said that this year had been an exception due to poor rains, following which water supply two times a day was not possible as per the district collector's instructions.Nonetheless, he said that the cantonment board did have a plan to create water storage at the filtration station to take care of such scarcity in the long run.Karanjkar, who earlier has also been a corporator in the Bhagur municipal council, has plans to create a new shopping complex in place of the present Lehvit market.\"For this purpose, we will initially have to take the traders of the Lehvit Market area into confidence. If things move along expected lines, shop keepers in the Lehvit market area would be given an alternative place until the complex is completed and ready for use.\"Commenting on the issue of opposition from the trading community to octroi hike, Karanjkar said that the cantonment board did not have any other source of income and added that the hike in octroi would also inevitably provide better civic facilities to citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15484886", "title": "Several injured as parties fish in troubled waters", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Tension escalated in the fishing hamlet of Muthyalapalem in Parawada mandal on the outskirts of Visakhapatnam when 11 villagers sustained injuries in a fresh outbreak of violence between the warring TDP supporters and YSR Congress and Congress supporters in the village on Monday. Police took 14 persons into custody. The clashes took place despite the police deploying a large number of personnel.The supporters of YSR CP and Congress on one side and TDP on the other pelted stones on each other and attacked each other with logs. Some of them suffered grievous injuries on their head and hands. The cops entered the scene and resorted to a mild lathicharge to disperse the groups. The locals who lashed out at each other with sticks warned members of the media not to enter the village. Section 144 was imposed in the village.It must be noted that the fishing hamlet was affected by industrial pollution, resulting in loss of livelihood for the fisherfolk. Demanding that the villagers be provided jobs in the Pharma City, former TDP minister Bandaru Satyanarayana went on a fast last month demanding 500 jobs to those affected by the industrial pollution.Worried over the TDP's gaining prominence, the YSR CP entered the fray and its workers damaged the wastewater pipeline of Pharma City. In the meantime, local MLA P Ramesh Babu of Congress assured the locals that he would sort out their problems.With all the major political parties jumping into the fray, the struggle for livelihood turned into a clash between the TDP on one hand and the YSRCP and Congress on the other. To add fuel to the fire, 80% of the residents of Muthyalapalem are hard core TDP supporters.The fishing in troubled waters reached a flashpoint when the YSRCP and Congress supporters filed a complaint against the TDP supporters. The warring groups clashed when the YSRCP and congress supporters attacked the TDP group on Sunday, when the latter were at the police station of Parawada. This resulted in eight people injured, including CI Satyanarayana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15485935", "title": "A \u2018lady Munnabhai\u2019 who does Gandhigiri", "text": "MANGALORE: She was struggling with the bucketful of concrete pieces to fill the potholes on the SCS Road. All the men, especially the autorickshaw drivers, did was smile, without even lifting a finger to help her. \"I'm a mad hatter and I have been noticed for this,'' admits Molly Pinto, a homemaker. This is not the first time the lady has been filling the potholes on that stretch, which goes bad every monsoon. \"I try to fill the potholes so that it is a less of a problem to others,'' says Molly.She does Gandhigiri in her own way. She used to notice that one person in the commercial space near her apartment had the habit of spitting pan on the sides. \"I used to clean it up every day. I thought if that person does not stop the habit, I'm going to stick pictures of Gods where he does that. Then I thought it was not proper to use Gods pictures for such things. I started a lawn. Then one day I noticed the man and when I turned back, he said: 'Madam, I have been telling my wife, that is a Lady Munnabhai near my office.' He had stopped spitting pan in that area.''In another instance, the staircase of her apartment was being used by people to throw cigarette butts. She kept a box. \"The box overflowed with butts on to my staircase. Nobody cleared it. I used to do it every now and then when it used to get filled up. One day, my daughter, who is not like me, had enough of this. She barged into the office and said: 'Just because my mother is cleaning this mess, don't take advantage of her.' Then it stopped.''.\"There should be a subject on basic courtesy in schools. \"It is so sad. With my kids I was strict. And when they say 'Please, Thank you, I'm sorry' in the school they would be laughed at. My kids would complain: 'Mama, what have you made us?' I said: I don't care. Either they follow you or they don't. You don't change because of that.'' Has she ever complained to the authorities? \"I do believe there are complaints but they don't care. In my case I don't wait for others.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15487668", "title": "Stars\u2019 new biz is talent-spotting", "text": "Since finding talent isn't easy, nurturing newcomers and even managing their future has become a norm in the film industry. In the lines of Yash Raj Films' 3-film-deals and Karan Johar's coterie of assistants-turned-directors, John Abraham too had started managing the careers of two newcomers Ayushmaan Khurrana and Yami Gautam.A few days ago, Saif Ali Khan's business partner Dinesh Vijan took the leap as well and started off a talent management division. This Illuminati Films division, a brain child of Vijan, is spear headed by Sharada Karki. Diana Penty , who debuted with their production Cocktail was Vijan's first pupil. And now, TOI has learnt that Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Sidhwani have joined the bandwagon. They will manage not only film deals of newcomers but also oversee their commercial assignments and public appearances.Reluctant to give away the names of the three youngsters they've signed, a source from Excel Entertainment confirmed, \"Yes, Farhan and Ritesh have signed up three newcomers for the Talent Division they have started. This will be a full-fledged section of Excel Entertainment, which would be separate from filmmaking.\"Apparently, launching a talent wing was Farhan and Ritesh's brainchild. Seeing the emerging trend followed by most production houses, the friends decided to start one of their own.Explaining this new phenomena, an insider told us, \"Producers turning career gurus is the latest trend in the film industry. Having launched a newcomer, the producers feel responsible for their career. They don't want them to commit blunders. So to begin with, they sign the newcomers for a 3-film deal. It serves a dual purpose. Firstly, the actor stays on with the production house. And also, their dates are at the producers' disposal. But that is not the only reason.\"\"Money is a very important reason. The producers who become career gurus have stakes in the future assignments of these actors. The stake could be as high as 25 percent,\" added the source.\u2014 Inputs from Mehul S Thakkar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15484374", "title": "10% rain deficit washed off", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Long spells of heavy rain in major parts of the city and state wiped off 10% of the region's rain deficit. Weather officials said that on Saturday morning, the Gujarat region, which is demarcated as north, south, east and central Gujarat by the India Meteorological Department (IMD), was rain deficient by 58%, but after it poured through Saturday night and Sunday, the deficit on Monday morning shrank to 48%.Officials said that the rains are likely to recede from Tuesday and Wednesday. \"It will rain through Monday night and then start receding gradually. This good spell of rain will help the state immensely\", said meteorologist of IMD, Gujarat \u2014 Manorama Mohanty. Despite the fact that it did not rain in Saurashtra and Kutch, heavy rains that lashed major parts of Gujarat helped the state cover up for a poor monsoon so far. It definitely offered hope in the time of scarcity.The situation is likely to improve further, as weather officials will record the rains received on Monday on Tuesday morning.The situation in Saurashtra and Kutch however, failed to improve as the current system didn't give significant rains to the area. The deficit in these two regions continues to be as high as 82%. According to revenue control, one person drowned in the heavy flow in Kagdi village in Waghodia taluka. According to the control room, rains continued on Monday. The state reported an average of 14.69 mm of rainfall in 12 hours, ending at 8.00 pm on Monday. Dabhoi in Vadodara recorded 170 mm of rain, followed by Amirgadh 114 mm, Ahmedabad 72 mm and Jepur 71 mm among others.Officials said that the rain which began on Saturday night brought respite. At 8 am on August 9, the state had received 188 mm of rain, at 8 am on August 13 the figure was 248 mm. This was 31% of the annual rainfall of 798 mm. However, the worst affected regions, Saurashtra and Kutch, were dry on Sunday and Monday too. Since 8 am on August 9, while the state received around 60 mm of rains, Saurashtra only received 5 mm and Kutch received less than 1 mm of rain. Of the state's 225 talukas, three talukas in Kutch, Abdasa, Nakhatrana and Lakhpat, have received no rain this monsoon at all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15485576", "title": "CM asks Institute of Chartered Accountants of India to train govt staff, institute appeals for land in Goa", "text": "MARGAO: Aiming to improve the efficiency of government staff employees working with the accounts department, chief minister Manohar Parrikar has called on the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), to come forth and train these staff members who are involved with audit reports.Parrikar made the appeal while attending the first day of the council meeting of the national body that was organized by the Goa branch of the India Regional Council at Benaulim on Monday.Governor Bharat Vir Wanchoo, welcomed the 32-strong council body to the 'beautiful state of Goa' and stressed on the need to have transparency, which he said, was vital for economic growth.He condemned financial frauds which have an adverse affect on the economy and urged the ICAI to take stringent action against such cases. Chairman Jaydeep Narendra Shah explained that the ICAI had the powers to take action and pointed out that it had set up a six-member special committee to look into the fraud case of the Hyderabad-based IT company, Satyam. Parrikar further explained that the government was planning to engage teams of chartered accountants (CAs) to audit the exports of iron ore from Goa vis-a-vis the extraction of ore and other such aspects of mining for the last 5-6 years.ICAI also appealed to the government for land favorably near Panaji to set up educational infrastructure and that they would pay the government rate for it.Parrikar replied that the state government is in the process of identifying land for such auxiliary educational institutes and that there were similar requests from the Bar Council of India and the Indian Institute of Architecture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15483642", "title": "Management pupil falls to death from terrace in Santa Cruz (E)", "text": "MUMBAI: An 18-year-old student fell to her death from the terrace of a 12-storeyed building in Santa Cruz (E), where a friend of hers stayed, on Monday. She had gone there to rehearse for a play.Sejal Jain, the deceased, is believed to have lost her footing and fallen off the parapet of the 12-storeyed building's terrace. The Vakola police have registered a case of accidental death.Sejal's father, Rakesh Jain, was taken ill on hearing of the news. A first-year management student at Raheja College, she lived in Ghatkopar where her father ran a jewellery store.Sejal was to participate in a play in a college festival. She and six of her classmates decided to meet up at Bhoomi Tower in Santa Cruz (E), where one of them stayed.The youngsters went up to the terrace of the society's 'A' wing to rehearse on Monday afternoon. \"Initially, some of her friends told us that Sejal got a phone call in the middle of the rehearsals and moved away from the group to answer it. The next thing they heard was her scream. When we quizzed the group of youngsters, they said they were playing hide-and-seek on the terrace,\" a senior police official said.\"We checked the terrace and found out that a ply sheet had been attached as an extension to the parapet. It resembles a concrete slab when viewed from a distance and Sejal may have stepped on it. As a result, the ply sheet gave way and she fell.\" Sejal was rushed to V N Desai Hospital, where doctors declared her dead.The police sent Sejal's body for an autopsy and said no foul play was suspected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15485823", "title": "Man killed over affair", "text": "HUBLI: A 28-year-old man was killed in Hirehonnalli village of Kalaghatagi taluk in Dharwad district on Sunday night, for his alleged involvement with the wife of his killer.Speaking to TOI, Kalaghatagi police inspector Mahantesh Jiddi said that the deceased is Basavaraj Bammigatti of Hirehonnalli. He was killed by Gadigeppa Bammigatti at the later's residence on Sunday night. The deceased was allegedly having a relationship with Gadigeppa's wife for the past six years. On Sunday night, when Basavaraj went to meet Gadigeppa's wife at her residence, Gadigeppa confronted and abused him. A fight ensued between the two, and Gadigeppa allegedly hit Basavraj's head with a wooden log, killing him instantly.Police said that deceased had retuned from jail few months ago. He was sent to jail in the murder case of Gadigeppa's mother. Basavaraj allegedly killed Gadigeppa's mother a few years ago, when she came to know about his illicit relation with her daughter-in-law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15485754", "title": "A film on how to combat water crisis", "text": "BANGALORE: If a four-point strategy is adopted, Bangalore can see a water surplus of 1,000 MLD (million litres per day) in 2051.A 20-minute documentary film, 'Niranthara Neeru', conceptualized by NS Mukunda, president, Citizens Action Forum, explains how this can be achieved.Going by population projections, the city will see 220 lakh people by 2051. By then, water requirement, too, will climb up to 3,570 MLD.Considering that only Arkavathy and Cauvery rivers are the city's existing water sources, both will be able to meet a requirement of up to 1,450 MLD. This means Bangaloreans will be staring at a water shortage of 2,120 MLD by 2051.The four stepsThe first of the four-point strategy to augment water resources proposes rejuvenation of Arkavathy and Cauvery rivers. The measure will rake in 200 MLD of water. The second step of interconnecting lakes will yield an additional 500 MLD. Harvesting rainwater could yield another 1,250 MLD. The fourth strategy is to treat water for non-potable use; this will fetch 1,250 MLD more.\"The data has been analyzed and shown in the documentary,\" said Mukunda.Starting August 15, the filmmakers will start screening it at several strategic locations across the city.As of now, they've made private presentations to many government officials but no concrete action has been promised yet on the solutions incorporated in the documentary.Going by the filmmakers, adoption of the four-point strategy and its application will cost around Rs 6,000-7,000 crore, and the project can be completed in six years. The additional water supply will flow in from the third year itself.Numbers that may hold water* 2051(approximately): Bangalore city is projected to have a population of 220 lakh* 3,570 MLD will be citizens' daily water requirement half-way through 21st century* At present, 1,450 MLD of water available from Arkavathy and Cauvery rivers* 200 MLD more can be drawn from the two rivers, if rejuvenated* 500 MLD can be generated by interconnecting lakes* 1,250 MLD can be harvested from rainwater* 1,250 MLD of water will be available for non-potable purposes by treating used water", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15485410", "title": "Independence Day red alert puts railway, Mysore cops on toes", "text": "MYSORE: Security has been beefed up at Mysore city railway police station, following a red alert ahead of Independence Day.City police, Government Railway Police and Railway Protection Force personnel are on their toes following a security alert by the intelligence wing from New Delhi. A source claimed that fundamental extremists have threatened to sabotage railway property, especially in Mysore. There is tight security at all entry and exit points to the railway station and officers are checking passengers and their baggage using hand-held metal detectors, have pressed sniffer dogs into action, and installed door frame detectors.Public announcements are being made to appeal to the public and passengers to alert police in case they notice any suspicious objects on trains and platforms, and also suspicious movements and activities.Railway police have summoned cadre from Bangalore and other cities to strengthen security checks. All beat constables have been armed with weapons and are carrying out checks on all trains originating from Mysore, an officer said.RPF divisional security commissioner PK Mohandas told TOI it is a general alert received two days ago. City police commissioner KL Sudheer said the intelligence input has put them on alert, and they are also assisting railway authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "krishnagiri", "code": "15486555", "title": "Mango juice with noon-meal? A scheme yet to bear fruit", "text": "KRISHNAGIRI: Another mango season has come to an end but hopes of farmers in Krishnagiri and Dharmapuri districts to have mango juice included in the noon-meal scheme at schools across the state have not materialized, despite assurances from the AIADMK government. There were indications earlier that the project would be initiated this season. However, the government failed to pay heed to the repeated representations from mango cultivators.The plan to include mango juice in the noon-meal scheme was first mooted by Krishnagiri district collector Dr C N Maheswaran last year when famers approached him citing the lack of price stability and government support. He soon sent the proposal to the higher-ups and it was accepted immediately by the AIADMK government.In a meeting of district collectors, Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa herself announced that the proposal would be implemented very soon. But nothing has happened so far.The mango hubs of Krishnagiri and Dharmapuri had welcomed the proposal as this would have given them an assured market. Despite large scale cultivation and production of mango in these two districts, there was no large scale mechanism to preserve the fruit juice for distribution. The delay on the part of the government is largely because of the lack of proper facilities in Krishnagiri to extract juice and tetra-pack it. An earlier promise of establishing a mango pulp factory is yet to materialise.As per Maheswaran's proposal, the government could supply 200 ml of mango pulp juice along with the noon meal to students across the state at 2 per head. It would be cost effective and ensure improved nutrition. As per rough estimates, four lakh tonnes of mango is being produced across 40,300 hectares in Krishnagiri district alone. If supplied through the noon-meal chain, cultivators would be assured government backing so much so that they could confidently enhance mango production, said C Sitharasu, a mango cultivator of the region.According to T Madhiazhagan, a pulp extracting unit owner in Krishnagiri, it is very difficult to export mango pulp. \"If the government can implement this system locally, both students and mango famers will benefit. In our case, the local demand would help avoid difficulties of exporting,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15485949", "title": "Grid failure costs Punjab, Haryana dear", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The recent power grid failure is costing Punjab and Haryana dear. After sanctions were imposed on drawing capacity, the two states have been unable to draw power from other states as nearly 1,500 MW was purchased in advance.Punjab is buying 150 to 200 lakh units daily from the power exchange at double the rates. \"About 300 MW, which we get from the western region, is not being received. Likewise, about 500 MW bought from Gujarat is not being transmitted. We are losing out on money on this account as we are paying current rates, which are double than what we paid when we bought this power five months in advance,\" said Arun Verma, director generation, Punjab Power State Corporation Ltd.\"After the grid failure, our power transmission capacity has been restricted by the Northern Regional Load Despatch Centre (NRLDC). We are now able to tap only 4,300 MW from outside sources against the 5,100 MW allotted to us,\" PPSCL chief K D Chaudhary said on Monday.PSPCL maintained that power shortfall on account of sanctions is not impacting consumers. \"We are compensating the shortfall by purchasing power every day. We had purchased short term power and as per norms, the western region was required to book the power corridor which has not happened post-sanctions,\" said Verma.Secretary, power, Punjab, Anirudh Tewari, said, \"We have demanded from the Centre to increase our sanctioned load from current 5,000 MW to 6,000 MW. But the procedures are cumbersome and we are not expecting any reprieve before the next paddy season. By then our own power plants are expected to become functional and we might not need this help from the Centre.\"Both Punjab and Haryana had appealed to the Centre to resolve the crippling issue, which was taken up with Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh during his visit to Chandigarh. \"Punjab and Haryana have informed us that they were not able to draw full power supply because of some technical conditions imposed by the Union power minister after the unprecedented grid failure. They say they are facing problems. We will make efforts to remove these curbs,\" Ramesh said.The two states were named defaulters for overdrawing, after the worst-ever power crisis which left over half of the country's 1.2 billion population in 21 states without electricity for several hours on July 30 and 31. Three major transmission grids had failed, bringing northern, eastern and north-eastern regions to a grinding halt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484088", "title": "Poona College appoints probe panel", "text": "PUNE: Poona College, one of the main cosmopolitan colleges in Pune Camp, has set up a four-member inquiry committee to identify the youths who assaulted its students.Eight students from the northeast were attacked inside and outside the college on August 8 and 9. The Cantonment police have registered three complaints against unidentified people in this connection.Committee members include college principal Dr G M Nazeruddin, vice-principal (senior college) Dr Shakeel Ahmed, vice principal (junior college) Abdul Aziz Shaikh and security guard Yasin Baig. Baig had seen the suspects attacking the Manipuri students.\"The committee started its inquiry on Sunday. We will take three or four days to complete it,\" Nazeruddin told TOI.\"We have started sensitising 6,500 arts, science and commerce students on the issue. We have appealed to them not to fall prey to rumour-mongering and to maintain the peace. The students say that, should similar incidents occur on the college premises, they will nab the culprits,\" Nazeruddin said.He said that the attendance of Manipuri students had declined as they are in a state of shock after the attacks, but was quick to point out that none of the students had made complaints to him. \"The students have approached the police for help. We will provide security cover to students if they wish to attend college,\" Nazeruddin said. \"We are examining CCTV camera footage to see if any images of the suspects have been captured on August 8 and 9,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15485170", "title": "TP murder political, says SIT", "text": "KOZHIKODE: T P Chandrasekharan was murdered because Revolutionary Marxist Party (RMP) formed by him had become a threat for the CPM in Onchiyam, Eramala, Azhiyur and Chorode panchayats in Vadakara, says the charge sheet filed by the special investigation team before the Judicial First Class Magistrate Court on Monday.There are 76 accused in the case, including CPM leaders P Mohanan, C H Ashokan, Karayi Rajan and K K Ragesh. M C Anup, Manoj Mumar alias Kirmani Manoj, N K Sunil Kumar alias Kodi Suni, T K Rajeesh, K K Muhammad Shafi, S Aijith alias Annan and K Shinoj, the gang that assaulted Chandrasekharan are the first seven accused.The killer gang members, the conspirators and those accused of harbouring the offenders have been included in the charge sheet. The accused have been charged under sections 143, 147, 148, 302, 149, 118, 120 (B), 109, 201, 465, 471 and 34 of the IPC and Section 3 and 5 of the Explosive Substance Act 1908. DySP (Crime Branch) K V Santhosh filed the charge sheet before magistrate M Suhaib.The CPM candidate was defeated in the Lok Sabha elections in 2009 following the formation of the RMP and there was a murder attempt on CPM district secretariat member and the chief election agent P Mohanan.The charge sheet says the CPM decided to kill Chandrasekharan in August 2009 and made unsuccessful bids on his life in September and October. There were attempts on the lives of RMP leaders P Jayaran and K K Jayan too. The CPM's hatred towards Chandrasekharan peaked after RMP staged its area committee conference on March 27, 2012.The first conspiracy to kill Chandrasekharan was hatched at the flower shop of CPM local committee member Padayamkandy Raveendran at Orkkatteri on April 2 which was attended by C H Ashokan, K K Krishnan and K C Ramachandran with the permission and knowledge of P Mohanan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15486516", "title": "Remove illegally appointed guest faculty: HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday directed the director secondary education, Haryana, to remove all government school teachers working as guest faculty, who might have been illegally appointed, within three weeks.The court has directed the state government to recover salaries of such guest teachers from officers who gave sanctions, wherever these guest faculty were continued in service even after passing of their termination orders, and also to take disciplinary action.The directions were passed by a division bench comprising Acting Chief Justice Jasbir Singh and Justice R K Jain during the resumed hearing of a petition filed on the issue. In this case, petitioner Bijender Kumar had sought directions to remove all 719 guest faculty, who were found illegally appointed according to a list sent by director secondary education, Haryana, to various DEOs.When the matter came up for hearing on Monday, director secondary education Haryana A Sreenivas filed an affidavit stating that three committees were constituted by him for the purpose.In his affidavit, Sreenivas has stated that orders for removal of one lecturer, 63 masters, 40 C&V; teachers and five JBT teachers were already passed by the director secondary education and director elementary education, but they were continued in service up to March 31. The director was present in person before the bench.The bench directed him to take disciplinary action against the concerned Block Education Officers (BEOs), District Education Officers (DEOs) and head masters. The case has been fixed for September 10 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15484695", "title": "\u2018A new beginning for Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: A memorandum of understanding (MoU) between the municipal corporation and the Gas Authority of India Limited (GAIL) has been signed on Monday, for the implementation of CNG project in the city.The project is being welcomed by the residents who are eager to adopt an economical and eco-friendly fuel for their vehicles. \"I am eagerly waiting for this project to be implemented as this will be a new beginning for the city,\" said Jatinder Maudgill, the first transporter (operator) to start CNG bus service in Delhi and is also a complainant in one of the four writs filed for implementation of CNG in Punjab especially in Ludhiana, Jalandhar and Amritsar in Punjab and Haryana high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15483922", "title": "State police to get 27 armoured vehicles", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state police received 27 armoured special utility vehicles and vans last week which are soon to be inducted in the police force formally by senior police and home department officials.The vehicles worth more than Rs 15 crore were ordered last year to be used in anti-terror operations. Each of the districts of the state will receive one such vehicle, said senior state police officials.\"We've procured the custom-made vehicles from the manufacturers last week. They were purchased after a committee suggested that they be bought to strengthen the fight against terror. The committee consists of several IPS officers including Ajay Tomar, Atul Karwal and Rajiv Ranjan Bhagat. They looked into various options and also studied the procurements by other police agencies with regard to modus operandi used by terrorists and what could be the model vehicle,\" said a senior state police official.While the special utility vehicle cost Rs 45 lakh a piece, the van cost Rs 50 lakh. Both the models will be given to Special Operations Group at district levels. The vans will also be given to the state anti-terrorists squad and Chetak Commando Unit, the first respondents to any terror strike in the state.Officials told TOI that much thought went into specifications of the vehicles. \"The vehicles are not only air-conditioned and bullet-resistant, but can also sustain close-range bomb and grenade attack. Its seats have been attached to the sides and roof rather than floor to avert major injury if the bomb blasts right below the vehicle. Its two-tier wheels can work even if all the tyres burst with the second layer on the wheels,\" said the official.Police officials added that the vehicles would not only strengthen the first line of defense where the troops can directly enter into the affected zone and start fight, but would also give a mental edge to the commandoes inside as they can concentrate on fighting rather than personal safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15485473", "title": "Baby given to NGO \u2018rescued\u2019 again, taken to orphanage", "text": "CHENNAI: A baby girl rescued before her mother could dump her out of a suburban train had to be rescued a second time in a week, with police on Monday taking custody of the infant after receiving a complaint that an NGO was planning to sell the child.Egmore railway police took the baby from Human Rights Organisation, a private NGO near Tambaram, and handed her over to an orphanage. A volunteer with the organisation rescued the child from her mother on a suburban train last Tuesday.DSP Thillai Natarajan said that they received complaints that the NGO was demanding money from people who wanted to adopt the child. \"We have handed over the child to an orphanage in Teynampet and will later proceed with other formalities,\" he said.Human Rights Organisation administrative secretary A B Kalpana denied allegations that the NGO was trying to sell the baby. \"We were to hand over the child to welfare officers after giving her first aid,\" she said.Police said they had received complaints that members of the NGO were trying to sell the baby to a jeweller for Rs 15 lakh.Police officers are investigating to determine if the NGO had rescued any other children in similar manner.The baby's mother, Chandra (name changed), had declared in writing that she would not stake any claim to the child in the future, after which members of the NGO admitted her to a government hospital for a tubectomy.Soon after giving birth to the girl on Tuesday, Chandra, 36, packed up the baby in a polythene carry bag. She boarded a train from Ulundurpet and was caught by a policeman, who had been alerted by the NGO volunteer, near Chengalpattu. She reportedly confessed that she was planning to abandon the child.Members of the NGO named the child Krishnaveni. Volunteers with the NGO later said three actors and a politician had expressed interest in adopting the child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15485031", "title": "Govt awaits central funds for Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission buses", "text": "KOLKATA: Swanky city buses purchased under the central scheme have become a cause of worry for the ailing state transport department. Though the state government has made the payment, the department is yet to get the proportionate funds the Centre had promised to share during the purchase of these 1,300 buses under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).Release of funds has been put on hold because the state is yet to initiate some reforms in the transport sector and undertaking city-specific urban planning measures such as setting up of dedicated urban transport funds and measures to strengthen traffic management mechanism.However this time, a Union minister has taken up the state's cause. Union minister of state for urban development, Saugata Roy , has shot off a letter to the urban development ministry over the Centre's pending share yet to be released.Expressing dismay over the issue, Roy in his letter to Union urban development minister Kamal Nath wanted to know why the ministry did not inform him about the delay in release of the remaining Rs 76 crore out of the Rs 145.40-crore fund for West Bengal. The minister of state was amazed at the way he had been kept in the dark.The state government has bought 1,300 buses under the JNNURM scheme for which the Centre allotted Rs 145.40 crore. The Centre has only paid the first installment Rs 68 crore to the state government and is yet to release the remaining Rs 76 crore that has been put on hold for quite some time. And all this while, the Centre kept asking for clarifications from the state government.\"It is true that the ministry did not inform me about the matter in the first place which Kamal Nath has conceded to me. The ministry had, however, sent a letter to the state government asking it to undertake some pending reform measures,\" Roy said.Roy also said that there were some complaints during the Left Front government's tenure when the Centre had sanctioned the funds for JNNURM buses. \"A report is being prepared stating the facts,\" Roy said. The Bengal government is already reeling under acute financial crisis and the delay in release of funds is adding to its woes. giving the funds to the state is only making things that much more difficult.The minister said that last week the ministry had cleared funds worth Rs 110 crore under the JNNURM scheme for setting up the Kamalgazi flyover. Besides, there are quite a few JNNURM projects like the water supply projects at Madhyamgram and Khardah that are awaiting final clearance.According to the proposal passed, the Centre has promised to fund a total of Rs 2,600 crore from the JNNURM funds. The state had earlier sent project proposals asking for Rs 3,200 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "15485798", "title": "Legal luminary Venkatesh Giridhar Kulkarni, his junior die in Koppal mishap", "text": "BIJAPUR: Two city-based lawyers were killed in a road accident on NH-13 near Kushtagi in Koppal district in the wee hours of Monday.The deceased are Venkatesh Giridhar Kulkarni, 60, famous labour law expert, and his junior Krishna Hanamant Kulkarni, 30. Among the injured, Girish Gadiyale, Sameer Kulkarni and Chidanand Nagashetty are advocates, while Gopal Joshi a businessman. Among them, three are being treated at Katti Hospital in Bagalkot, while Girish Gadiyale has been shifted to KLE Hospital (Belgaum). Sameer Kulkarni and Chidanand Nagashetty are advocates, while Gopal Joshi a businessman.The incident happened when they were returning in a car from Bangalore after attending the house warming ceremony of Venkatesh's daughter.Family sources said the car hit an arch in Koppal after the driver lost control over the vehicle.V G Kulkarni (Satihal) had been a leading legal practitioner in the twin districts. Kulkarni, besides being a good orator, had been well versed in Kannada, English and Hindi. He was serving as the vice-president of BDE Society's PDJ High school. His junior, Krishna Hanamant Kulkarni, was a budding lawyer hailing from Chandakavathe village in Sindagi taluk.All courts did not work following the death of two advocates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484526", "title": "KMC principal moves court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The suspended principal of Kirorimal College, Bhim Sen Singh, on Monday approached the Delhi high court challenging the action against him. Justice Suresh Kait sought replies by August 21 from Delhi University and the college administration, asking them to respond to the plea seeking quashing of the order against Singh by the college governing body.In his plea, Singh has alleged that the suspension order was \"illegal\" and \"biased\" and was issued with a \"malafide intention on the part of the university authorities\". According to an order issued by the governing body following a meeting with the DU vice-chancellor, Singh was placed under suspension \"wi8th immediate effect pending conclusion of an inquiry into his actions\". Singh said he was penalized after levelling corruption charges against GB chairman Baleshwar Rai, a retired IAS officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15484632", "title": "Jodhpur boy gets invite for Google's 'mentor summit'", "text": "JODHPUR: A boy from Jodhpur has been chosen among 50 computer experts from across the globe by the Google for its 'Mentor Summit' to be held at its headquarters in California on October 20-21. The objective of this summit is to bring together the mentors of the Google Summer of Code 2012, which is a global programme that offers student developers stipends to write code for various open source software projects.Aditya Maheshwari, who will be presenting a paper on 'How to attract youth for contribution in development cycle of open source world', has been chosen by the internet giant as a student mentor of 'Google Summer of Code 2012' for playing an exemplary role as the on-line project guide on the international level.\"There will be three components of this summit, which are how to improve the programme, how Google can do more for open source and how mentors and representatives of development communities can help one another,\" Mr Maheshwari told reporters in Jodhpur.Maheshwari is not only one of the two Indians to be invited by the Google at the summit, but also the youngest among all the participants.The objective of this summit is to bring together the mentors of the 'Google Summer of Code 2012', which is a global programme that offers student developers stipends to write code for various open source software projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15485520", "title": "Konkani music fest to rock Campal", "text": "PANAJI: Music enthusiasts can look forward to August 19.As part of World Goa Day which is celebrated on that day, a mega music fiesta 'Rain or Shine, Konkani Rocks' will be held on August 19 from 7pm to 10pm near the Gonsalves mansion in Campal-Panaji.Addressing mediapersons, musician Armando Gonsalves, director of Goa ForGiving which is organizing the event, said it will be an attempt to take Konkani to another level with a fusion of Goan and Manglorean Konkani music.Eric Ozario and his troupe will be coming from Mangalore to render a performance, he said.Among the Goan musicians who will feature at the event are Sonia Shirsat and Olavo Rodrigues. TAG president Prince Jacob appealed to Goans not to miss the event.He complimented Gonsalves for his initiative of promoting Konkani music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15484923", "title": "Hooch tragedy: Woman dies, 30 hospitalised", "text": "HYDERABAD: A woman died after consuming hooch in Prakasam district on Monday, while 30 people were hospitalised after consuming illicit toddy in Medak district.Sources said Lakshmamma consumed the illicitly distilled liquor at Eepurupalem in Chirala mandal late on Sunday night. Her condition became critical and she died in the early hours of Monday. Her daughter who also consumed the hooch is serious. In another incident at Kalekal in Toopran mandal of Medak, 30 people were rushed to Mechal hospital after they started vomiting. They consumed the illicit toddy early in the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15484849", "title": "Free cadaver donation from red tape", "text": "The cadaver donation and organ transplant mechanism in India needs to be unshackled immediately from red tape. Too much of bureaucratese and arbitrariness are the twin problems that block life-saving transplants in most states in India. The Gujarat government's move to help the ailing Vilasrao Deshmukh is welcome; but this should be rule for everyone and not an exception for the privileged.Related story : Organ donation: VIPs are ok, but what about common man?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15486241", "title": "Nasa rover Curiosity gets \u2018brain transplant\u2019", "text": "WASHINGTON: Nasa's rover Curiosity has spend its first weekend on Mars getting a 'brain transplant' enabling it to enhance its performance by avoiding hazards while driving and using its strong robotic arm.The 'brain transplant' that the rover is going through is installing a new version of software in both of its redundant main computers in a series of steps from August 10 to August 13, Nasa said in a statement.The software for Mars surface operations was uploaded to the rover's memory during the Mars science laboratory spacecraft's flight from Earth.\"We designed the mission from the start to be able to upgrade the software as needed for different phases of the mission,\" said Ben Cichy of Nasa's jet propulsion laboratory in Pasadena, chief software engineer for the Mars science laboratory mission.\"The flight software version Curiosity currently is using was really focused on landing the vehicle. It includes many capabilities we just don't need any more. It gives us basic capabilities for operating the rover on the surface,\" Cichy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15483401", "title": "With Ukai brimming, fears of water scarcity put to rest in South Gujarat", "text": "SURAT: The water level at Ukai dam was eight feet higher than what it was at this time of the year last year. Thus despite a poor monsoon, the fear of water scarcity in south Gujarat has been wiped out.The water level at Ukai at 4 pm on Monday read 333.70 feet, which is just .07 feet below the optimum level. Hence, the dam authorities were releasing 71,922 cusecs against an inflow of 1,44,023 cusecs of water.\"We expect 185 MCM of water to flow in by 9 pm and another 150 MCM by Tuesday morning. The dam would receive about 600 MCM of water by August 16 due to rains in the upper catchment areas of Tapi river in Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra,\" said Central Water Commission's (CWC) officer in-charge SK Mishra.Ukai dam has been releasing nearly 25,000 cusecs of water for the four hydro power generation stations. Now an additional 50,000 cusecs is being released by opening the dam's 18 radial gates. This has hiked the level at Kakrapar to 164.40 feet.Meanwhile, the weir-cum-causeway which has an height of 6 metre is overflowing by 1.68 metre. \"We are monitoring the situation on an hourly basis,\" municipal commissioner said Manoj Das.Ukai's storage capacity can't be increased as the dam is an earthen dam hence its stability is checked periodically.PS Dave, engineer on duty at Ukai, said, \"If need be water can be filled up to 345 feet in the dam. However, we don't have extra space to increase the dam's water storage capacity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15485339", "title": "Corporation chalks out a 'fireproof' plan for old buildings", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city corporation and merchants' association are chalking out plans to avert another fire mishap in the city.A meeting convened by mayor A K Premajam with the owners of the shops and trade organizations on Monday has proposed to change the roofing of the entire stretch of old buildings near the Second Railway Gate, where a few shops were recently gutted. The civic body is of the view that fire can be controlled to a great extent if the tile roofing, and wooden panels of old buildings are replaced with concrete roofs.\"The Kerala Municipality Building Rules doesn't allow the civic body to grant permission to the owners of the old buildings to make alterations. Hence, we will approach the state government seeking special permission to change the roof tiles of old buildings damaged in the fire accident at the Arabind Gosh Road Junction near the Second Railway Gate on August 7,\" said the mayor. Eights shops were gutted in the mishap.The meeting has also decided to concrete the roofing of the entire stretch of buildings at the mishap site to avoid similar incidents in future.In the meeting, mayor Premajam urged building owners to submit their proposals for converting the roofs. The corporation authorities will submit a consolidated report to the state government on the basis of the proposals, she said.Meanwhile, the merchant association in the city has decided to conduct an awareness programme among traders to switch off the main switch and other electric equipment while closing the shops to avoid electrical short-circuit causing fire. The move was taken after finding that many shopowners in the city are not switching off the main switch and other electrical equipment at the shops.\"We have started conducting awareness programme among traders to change the worn-out electricity meters, main switches and wiring. We have urged the merchants to install fire extinguishers too,\" said K P Sudhakaran, president of the City Merchants' Association.A proposal to change the roofing of the entire stretch of old building near the second Railway Gate is mooted in the meeting convened by Kozhikode Corporation Mayor A K Premajam with the owners of the shops and trade organisations.The meeting held at the mayor's chamber on Monday decided to submit a proposal to the state government urging the government to grant special permission to change the roof tiles of the old building damaged in the fire mishap at the Arabind Gosh Road Junction near the Second Railway Gate on August 7. Eights hops gutted in the fire mishap occurred on the day. The meeting decided to concrete the roofing of the entire stretch of building at the mishap site to avoid similar mishaps in future. Mayor A K Premajam has urged the owners of the building to submit proposals to submit to the state government. The city corporation authorities will submit a consolidated report to the state government on the basis of proposals submits by the owners of the shops. The civic body is having the view the spread of fire can be controlled at great extent if the tile roof and wooden panels of old building is changed at the site.Mayor A K Premajam said that at present the Kerala Municipality Building Rules doesn't allow the civic body to grant permission to allow the owners of the old building to make alterations. We need permission from the government hence we have decided to approach the state government to grant permission to make concrete roofing to avoid similar mishaps in future,'' said the mayor.Meanwhile, the merchant association in the city has decided to conduct awareness programme among traders to switch off the main switch and other electricity equipment while closing the shops to avoid the chances of fire mishaps due to short circuit. The move was taken after finding that many shop owners in the city are not switching off the main switch and other electrical equipment at the shops.We have started conducting awareness programm among traders to change the worn out electricity meters and main switches and wiring to avoid fire mishaps due to short circuit. We have urged the merchants to install fire extinguishers to avoid fire tragedies,'' said K P Sudhakaran, president of City Merchants' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15485180", "title": "Fresh rules stipulate new licence for ammonium nitrate users in 6 months", "text": "KOCHI: Nearly 2,000 consumers of ammonium nitrate, including quarry and crusher owners, in the state will have to apply for new licence within six months as per the ammonium nitrate rules published by the Centre.Ammonium nitrate was until recently being treated as an innocuous fertilizer ingredient. However, after reports of its use in improvised explosive devices (IED) by terror groups in some of the blasts in the country, it was classified as an explosive. Although this reclassification was done last year, the rules were framed only a couple of days ago.According to sources in the Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organization (PESO), the new licence for consumers of ammonium nitrate will be in addition to the one they already possess for the use of ammonium nitrate-fuel oil (ANFO) mixture and detonators.The ANFO licence is issued by PESO and district collectors can issue licence for use of up to 30 tonnes of ammonium nitrate. As per the new rules, PESO officials are vested with the power to grant licence for use of ammonium nitrate above 30 tonnes. The Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organization south circle office in Chennai will be in charge of issuing licence to Kerala consumers.Meanwhile, institutions like laboratories and research groups which use ammonium nitrate up to 5kg do not require licence. However, they have to get an NOC from the district collector. There are only 15 people in Kerala with ANFO licence, though nearly 2,000 people use it. At present, there are no companies which manufacture ammonium nitrate in the state.The new rules also stipulate that those using ammonium nitrate as fertilizer have to get a licence. According to scientists at the Kerala Agricultural University, this may not have much implication in Kerala as not many farmers use it here.Explosive experts say that execution of the new rules could be a tough challenge considering the grossly understaffed situation of PESO in Kerala. There are only two technical hands and they already have safety-related responsibilities in the fireworks, explosives, quarry and petroleum sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15484736", "title": "\u2018220 chlorinators bought\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: The industrial hub of Punjab is submerged in water supply problems. Not only is the supply inadequate, but also unfit for consumption.\"Almost all houses have installed motors illegally because of the low water pressure. In Chandigarh there is proper water supply and residents have underground water reservoirs that are filled with the regular supply. And if they use motors it is to lift water to supply it to upper stories,\" said Charu Sharma, a businesswoman and resident of Sarabha Nagar.However, Kamlesh Bansal, MC officiating zonal commissioner at Zone A office, said, \"For clean drinking water, we have bought 220 chlorinators for big tube wells. We are doing our best to supply clean water to residents.\"MC commissioner R K Verma said, \"The supply can be improved through a multipronged policy. I am working on some solutions. We will also explore the option of canal surface water supply.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15486405", "title": "Nitish Kumar to embark on 'Adhikar yatra'", "text": "PATNA: Taking a break from his inconclusive Seva yatra, chief minister Nitish Kumar will embark on 'Adhikar yatra' in the second half of September to campaign for his party's first-ever rally after coming to power in 2005, billed as 'Adhikar rally', to be held here at Gandhi Maidan on November 4. The yatra will continue till the second half of October.The CM said during the 'Adhikar sammelans' to be held in districts for mobilizing support for the rally, he would daily cover two districts by road, with night halt at a district headquarters. \"Our rally will be very much focused and the core demand is grant of special category state status to Bihar, but we will also focus on the indiscrimination and injustice meted out to Bihar in different spheres over the years,\" Nitish said on Monday. \"It will not be a show of strength but will showcase the popular public demand for their rights and voice against the 'haq-mari' (denial of rights),\" he added.The CM said it would be the first issue-based public rally of the JD (U). In 2000, the Samata Party had held its last rally. \"After coming to power, I discouraged party men from holding any rally as it consumes time and energy, with the entire party machinery being involved in the task. But since the special category status demand has become a popular demand, the party decided to hold a rally to put pressure on the Centre.\"Nitish refused to comment on his praise by RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat or comparison between Bihar and Gujarat. \"I am not swayed by praise or disheartened by criticism. What is important is the issue raised by important leaders of the country and they should be studied and considered,\" the CM said.Reacting to Baba Ramdev's agitation, the CM said he has the right to launch a peaceful agitation and the points he has raised were valid. \"If some people in power think only they have the mandate to serve the nation and make fun of public agitations, they will be sooner or later become butt of joke,\" he said and added that floating and running political parties was not the domain of politicians only.The CM also endorsed the stand of BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi that growth in GDP was not the only indicator of improved life of people, but said the problem was that each indicator is measured on the basis of GDP. The Bihar model is 'development with justice', under which everyone would get the fruits of development, the CM added. He said he discussed various issues with Joshi on Sunday, but the talks did not cover the issue of declaration of prime ministerial candidate before the (2014) election. \"It is not necessary to discuss the 2014 election with everyone,\" he quipped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15486494", "title": "Why it\u2019s raining in north", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: If you are wondering why north and central Kerala always get more rainfall than south Kerala during south-west monsoon season, this is perhaps the answer. The presence of formidable green peaks such as Anamudi, Nelliyampathy and Chembra situated in the Western Ghat ranges is one of the major reasons for this increase in rainfall, according to weather bureau officials.The higher the green peaks, the greater the chance of stopping monsoon clouds that drifts from the Arabian Sea towards the land.Anamudi, at a height of 8,842 feet, is the tallest peak in Western Ghats, followed by Chembra peak in Wayanad at 6,900 feet. \"Idukki, Wayanad and Kannur have been getting more rains as they are nestled in the valley of these high mountain ranges,\" K Santhosh, director, Indian Metrological Department , told TOI.The state gets an average of 480 cm of rainfall during the southwest monsoon and 67cm of rainfall during the rest of the season. \"Districts like Thiruvananthapuram received just 632 mm of rainfall, while Kollam received 435 mm of rainfall and Pathanmthitta 575 mm of rainfall from June 1 to August 13 this year. In comparison, Kannur received 2,181 mm rainfall, Wayanad (2,109 mm) and Idukki received 1,690 mm rainfall.Senior weather bureau officials said that the southwest monsoon currents usually hit somewhere in the middle of Kerala, unlike northeast monsoon which hits the state capital first and then moves northwards.Weather officials said that the reason for the decrease in rainfall is due to the weak north-westward monsoon currents . \"Due to this phenomenon the rain clouds are not being pushed towards the Western Ghats region, so that the dense clouds get condensed into a continuous downpour,\" he said.Officials said the low frequency pressure in the Bay of Bengal , which normally strengthens the monsoon current and consequently the rainfall, did not occur in the state this year. \"But we are seeing an improved monsoon in north Kerala and it may pick up in the next few weeks,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15485316", "title": "Fest shoppers throng streets, traffic crawls", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The rush of Onam and Eid-ul-Fitr shoppers and shortage of enough parking space in the city have added to the traffic management woes of the local police.The city traffic police have already deployed additional hands to handle traffic snarls in shopping areas such as Mananchira, Mavoor Road and Rajai Road. The snarls become acute during weekends.Additional cops are also being deployed at the New Bus Stand, S M Street, Second Railway Gate, M P Road junction, Arayidathupalam, Eranhipalam and Kidson Corner.Shoppers from neighbouring districts have also added up to the traffic woes.\"We expect the situation to worsen in the coming days with Onam and Eid approaching,\" said A V Pradeep, Kozhikode city traffic CI.\"The dearth of dedicated parking slots has forced us to let the shoppers park their vehicles in no-parking areas to avoid traffic congestion on busy roads,\" said the CI.\"The irony is that the authorities concerned are turning a blind eye towards the problem, though they are aware that traffic congestion has become a regular feature during the Onam-Eid season. The city corporation should set up parking spaces which would help ease congestion as vehicles are being parked on roadsides,\" said Sheeba Anilkumar, a shopper.The city traffic police have deployed additional hands to control the traffic snarls in the city following the heavy rush of Onam-Ramzan shoppers.The city has been experiencing huge traffic blocks in places such as Mananchira, Mavoor road, Rajai road owing to the Onam- Ramadan shopping rush. Traffic blockades have been acute on the weekends as people hit the streets in large numbers.The traffic police have deployed additional personnel at New Bus stand, S M Street, second railway gate, M P Road junction, Arayidathupalam, Eranhipalam, Kidson corner and other locations in the city. The dearth of parking place in the city has also worsened the situation. The shoppers coming to the city from the faraway places and neighbouring districts have been finding difficult to park their vehicles due to unavailability of parking place.A V Pradeep, Kozhikode City Traffic CI, said that police have identified many locations in the city for posting additional personnel. We have decided to increase the number of additional hands as there is a significant increase in the number of shoppers. The situation will worsen in the coming days with the Onam and Eid approaching,'' said the CI. The dearth of parking place forced us to allow the customers to park the vehicles in designated No-Parking areas to avoid traffic congestion in the busy roads. The special consideration is being given only in certain place considering the absence of parking places in the city,'' said the Traffic CI.Traffic congestion is a common scene during Onam-ramazan season. And the authorities know it pretty well about the traffic problems. The irony is that the concerned authorities are showing blind eye towards the problem of public. The city corporation should take measures to set up parking space which would help to ease congestion as vehicles are parking on the sides of the road in the city,'' said Sheeba Anilkumar, Karaparamba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "15486064", "title": "Delay on relocation of villages in Mudumalai Tiger Reserve to cost govt dear", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A long delay in the relocation process of forest dwellers and tribals living in 30 villages, including Mudhuguli village, located inside Mudumalai Tiger Reserve (MTR) in the Nilgiris, will cost the state nearly double the amount in compensation as the number of families in the villages has increased significantly in the past five years.Villagers, most of them belonging to the mountadan chetty community, have been waiting to be relocated for the past over five years. In 2005, the community leaders approached Madras high court seeking a directive to the state's forest department to resettle them. The court ruled in their favour in 2007 and told the government that it was duty bound to resettle them.Accordingly a survey was held in 2007 and around 449 families (1,940 people) from 20 villages in Mudumalai panchayat and 10 villages in Nilakottai - both inside the 321 sq km Mudumalai wildlife sanctuary - were found to be eligible for voluntary resettlement under Project Tiger.However, as per National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) guidelines, an individual of age 18 and above is considered a separate family. So the forest department fixed a cut-off date -- December 31, 2010 -- for identifying families that were to be relocated. \"We have also come out with a MoU between the forest department and the individuals of the villages on the number of 'families' to be relocated,\" said P Raghuram Singh, field director, MTR and Mukurthi National Park. \"The MoU is technically important to ascertain that the relocation is solely voluntary. After the cut-off date was fixed, we received claims from 763 families from the said 30 villages,\" he added.As per NTCA guidelines, each family can opt either for a cash package of Rs 10 lakh without involving any rehabilitation or opt for rehabilitation in a village. Almost all villagers who are to be relocated own titled land. The revenue department is scrutinizing the authenticity of the 763 families who have submitted the claims. \"Also a sub-committee comprising the forest and revenue officials and representatives from the villages to decide about the allotment of land in Ayyankolli, which has been identified by the forest department for rehabilitation,\" said A Ameer Haja, deputy director, MTR. Singh too added that the process of relocation has been speeded up.Villagers say they had expected to be relocated at least a year after the court gave its verdict in 2007. They say the government is moving very slowly as it is more than five years since the court directive. \"We are desperate now. We are farmers and our livelihood is at stake,\" said the villagers. Besides, the isolated existence inside the forest has deprived them of hospital and educational facilities. Many of the children are forced to discontinue their studies after class VIII.According to Singh, the government has identified 398.47 hectares of land for relocation near Ayyankolli, of which 289.49 hectares come under the Gudalur forest division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15486799", "title": "Facing action, schools may stop bus service", "text": "CHENNAI: The crackdown by the authorities on school vehicles flouting safety norms after the death of six-year-old Shruthi Sethumadhavan, who fell through a hole on the floor of her school bus on July 25, has prompted several schools in the city to consider withdrawing transport facilities for students altogether.Heads of many schools in Chennai say it is too much of a bother to be accountable for the safe transportation of students while dealing with teaching and administrative affairs. \"There was a time when teaching was the top priority,\" a school correspondent said. \"Now we have to worry about everything, from collecting fees to transporting students. It is more trouble than it is worth.\"A school in Redhills set the trend by texting the parents of all students last week to inform them that it would no longer operate school buses. A school principal said though the state has yet to frame safety guidelines as directed by the Madras high court, it is likely that schools would be forced to stop using vehicles more than eight years old.However, some school administrators argue that schools are able to keep vehicles in top shape with regular maintenance even if they are more than eight years old. \"We have so far been able to renew fitness certification of our vehicles every year. If stringent regulations are introduced, schools may no longer find it feasible to provide students transportation,\" said a correspondent.Several schools say it is hard to find trustworthy drivers and attendants apart from transport coordinators who know the job. \"When the rules come into effect, schools will be compelled to sell old vehicles that have little resale value,\" the principal of a school in the suburbs said. \"I have decided to put up our vehicles for sale right away.\" He said the school would phase out transportation in three months.Shree Niketan Group of Schools correspondent P Vishnucharan says once the Right To Education Act is implemented, neighbourhood schools will in any case be the norm and schools will not have to provide transportation. \"If a student lives faraway from a school, the parents will have to relocate and find a house nearby,\" he said.But parents are upset about the move. \"I can't give my child a ride to school and back every day,\" said Kavitha Kumar, whose children are in primary school. \"Students need school buses. I don't mind paying even double the charge to ensure my children are taken to school and brought back home safely.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/rajkot", "code": "15484126", "title": "5 lakh silver canopy stolen", "text": "AHMEDABAD/RAJKOT: On the eve of paryushan, which begins from Tuesday, thieves raided a Jain temple and decamped with jewellery worth Rs 5 lakh on Monday.The burgled temple was Pattani Derasar located near Jubilee Park. Police said the theft took place between 8.30 am and 8.45 am on Monday morning. \"The burglars spent only 15 minutes for stealing the jewellery. The booty included a seven to eight kg silver canopy under which the idol is placed. It is estimated to be worth Rs 5 lakh,\" said an official from A-division of Rajkot police where the case has been registered.Meanwhile, police have detained two temple priests for questioning \"The duo is being questioned as the way burglars had carried out the theft with such an ease that it indicates the involvement of insiders. It looks like a pre-planned, well executed crime where details like timings, schedule of religious rituals and crowd of devotees were meticulously kept in mind,\" the official explained.Police sought the help of a dog squad and FSL officials, who inspected the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15483871", "title": "One more nabbed in robbery bid case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Naranpura police arrested a man on Monday in connection with a foiled robbery attempt on July 13. Siddiq Abdul Qazi, a resident of Juhapura and native of Bharuch, was the last wanted accused in the case. Earlier, police arrested two of a three-member gang allegedly involved in the incident. On July 13, three men with faces hidden by handkerchiefs, tried to rob Rajesh Rawal and his brother at Parth Tower in Bhimjipura as they were leaving their firm Jai Ambe Tools on first floor of the building. tnnThe trio had a country-made gun which they fired to intimidate the duo, and tried to flee with a bag of valuables. However, residents from nearby gathered and foiled the attempt.\"We earlier nabbed Vipul Vasava, a resident of Amad village near Bharuch, and his brother-in-law Nilesh in connection with the case. The duo had named Qazi as the third person who brandished the gun. The trio is involved in more than three cases in central Gujarat,\" said a Naranpura police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15486198", "title": "Hyundai's Elantra to take on Altis, Cruze", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hyundai on Monday drove in the next-generation Elantra at an aggressive entry price of Rs 12.5 lakh, looking to take Toyota's Altis and GM's Cruze sedan head-on.The Korean company said the new Elantra will help it gain a foothold in the executive sedan market (over Rs 10 lakh), a segment that is under stress but is likely to recover in volumes. \"There has been no new car in this segment for sometime and the Elantra will certainly spur demand. We are hopeful of good volumes on the back of the Elantra's global success,\" Rakesh Srivastava, V-P for national sales at Hyundai India, said.Hyundai had phased out the previous generation Elantra from India in 2007 and now makes a renewed bid with the model in its new avataar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "15485196", "title": "Diarrhoea, encephalitis, malaria stalk Gaya district", "text": "GAYA: In recent years, diarrhoea, malaria and encephalitis have been frequently stalking Gaya district putting extra pressure on an already fragile health delivery system marked by shortage of doctors, paramedical staff and medicine. To cap it all, sub-standard drugs have invaded deep into the Gaya market.As of now, diarrhoea threatens to assume epidemic proportions. In 2011, encephalitis claimed no less than 94 lives, almost all the victims being children belonging to the Mahadalit category. Besides taking 94 lives, encephalitis inflicted disabilities on no less than 183 victims who were lucky enough to survive. Encephalitis inflicted disabilities, according to some doctors of the Anugrah Narayan Magadh Medical College and Hospital ( ANMMCH),Gaya, included weakening of the upper and lower limbs and in several cases, mental retardation too.In the absence of proper rehabilitation mechanism, most of the encephalitis victims survived to live but would remain deprived of enjoying quality life for the rest of their life, says activist S B Bhaskar.Like diarrhoea and encephalitis, malaria, too, has not been uncommon in Gaya district and not long ago, it had taken a menacing form in Banke Bazar, Imamganj and other parts of Gaya district. Ironically, all the three diseases that stalk Gaya district at regular intervals fall in the preventable category and have something to do with sanitation and other public health parameters.Adhocism marks the health department's response to the three diseases, says municipal corporator Lalji Prasad. Health department officials, according to Prasad, are alert only during the crisis period and do little to prevent the next round. Official claims on fighting the health hazards have to be taken only with a pinch of salt. Had the claims made regarding immunization against encephalitis been true, the disease would have disappeared several years back.In many cases, preventive measures can be taken only if the officials show some common sense and sense of duty. Plugging the leaks in the municipal water supply system does not need a fortune, says RTI activist Braj Nandan Pathak. By repairing the points of leakages, chances of diarrhoea can be reduced and at the same time waste of precious municipal water can be avoided. But who cares? asks Pathak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15486124", "title": "Meeting of India, Pak intelligence chiefs on the anvil?", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan and India are mulling a proposal for a meeting of the chiefs of their intelligence agencies as part of a series of confidence-building measures to build goodwill, according to a media report on Monday.The proposal is among \"numerous mechanisms\" being explored to reduce the trust deficit between the two neighbours, The Express Tribune quoted official sources as saying. It quoted a source as claiming that the US was instrumental in persuading the two countries to discuss the possibility of a meeting between the heads of the Research and Analysis Wing ( RAW) and Inter-Services Intelligence ( ISI).A Pakistani official was quoted as saying that several proposals, including regular interactions between the security agencies of the two countries, were on the table. \"But it is too early to say anything at this stage,\" the official said.Another unnamed official was quoted as saying that some Western powers, particularly the US, were keen on increased coordination and discussions between the two countries.The official said the US wants to ensure that there is no deterioration in ties between India and Pakistan during the next few years as the US-led coalition pulls out of Afghanistan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15484399", "title": "Mumbai violence like terror attack, top cop says", "text": "MUMBAI: Two days after an unexpected outbreak of violence left the city numb, the Mumbai police on Monday fast-tracked the investigation by equating it with a terror attack and forming a special investigation team (SIT) to identify the elements behind the attack. \"We are handling the investigation into Saturday's violence as the equivalent of a terror attack probe. That is the reason why we have set up an SIT,\" Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik said.State home minister R R Patil indicated that the government was keeping all options open when it comes to taking action against Raza Academy, one of the organizers of the protest rally. \"The course of action will be decided after the police complete the probe,\" Patil said when asked if the government was contemplating a ban on Raza Academy.Two persons were killed and 63 injured, including 58 policemen, when a mob went on the rampage near CST during a protest rally called by five Sunni Muslim groups against the attacks on the community in Assam and Myanmar .\"Those with criminal background participated in the rally. These anti-social elements actually instigated the violence. All angles, including the possible involvement of the underworld, are being examined,\" Patil said.Even as Patnaik said the 10-member SIT team was scanning CCTV footage to identify the main culprits of Saturday's violence,He said the police have a watertight case against the rioters. \"Usually, in riot cases there is no proof. But in this case, police have CCTV footage, clippings from television channels and still pictures taken by photographers. The department will ensure that no innocent is booked in the riot case but at the same time will see to it that all culprits are put behind bars,\" Patil said.Police have arrested 23 people in connection with the violence and booked them for attempt to murder, rioting, molestation, stealing police weapons and assaulting policemen. Two self-loading rifles (SLRs) of the police, a service pistol of an inspector and 150 rounds of ammunition were snatched from the cops. Police have recovered two SLRs and 29 rounds of ammunition.Police officials maintained that it was a planned attack and said that those who committed wanton acts of destruction were professionals and may have been aided by underworld elements. Police have recovered cans of fuels, swords, iron rods, motorcycle batteries and sharp objects, which point to the violence being planned by professionals.\"The SIT is also is scanning the sources of the text messages that were circulated among the members of the community,\" Patnaik said.Officials from the chief minister's office said the crime branch has also been asked to probe whether bulk and group SMSs containing provocative text messages were circulated from outside the state or foreign destinations to instigate violent protests.Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said they would record the statements of \"each and every one\" involved in the case. \"But prior to that we are going through various CCTV footage to find out whether there were any inflammatory speeches that led to the violence,\" he said.Meanwhile, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan urged community groups to work towards maintaining peace and foil attempts to disturb the tranquility of the city and the state. \"The reasons behind the mob turning violent are yet to be unearthed,\" Chavan told a delegation of newspersons who had called upon him to highlight the attack on media personnel.(With inputs from Sandeep Ashar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15486599", "title": "Grid failure costs Haryana dear", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The recent failure of the power grid is costing Punjab and Haryana dear. After sanctions have been imposed on drawing capacity, the two states have been unable to draw power, nearly 1,500MW, from other states, purchased in advance.The two states are paying through their nose to meet the resultant shortfall. They have already purchased power from other states, which they are not able to draw. \"About 300MW which we get from the western region is not being received here. Likewise, about 500MW, bought from Gujarat, is not being transmitted. We are losing out on money on this account as we are paying current rates which are double than what we paid when we bought this power five months in advance,\" said Arun Verma, director generation, Punjab Power State Corporation Ltd.After the grid failure, Haryana's power transmission capacity has been restricted by the Northern Regional Load Despatch Centre ( NRLDC).Both Punjab and Haryana had appealed to the Centre to resolve the crippling issue, which was taken up with Union minister for rural development, Jairam Ramesh, during his visit to the states' capital.\"Punjab and Haryana have informed us that they were not able to draw full power supply because of some technical conditions imposed by Union power minister after the unprecedented grid failure. They say they are facing problems. We will make efforts to remove these curbs,\" Ramesh said.The two states were named defaulters for overdrawing, after the worst-ever power crisis which left over half of the country's 1.2 billion population in 21 states without electricity for several hours on July 30 and 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15485679", "title": "JP Nagar double murder: Killers kept a watch on home", "text": "BANGALORE: Guruprasad, who plotted the murder of senior citizens Venkateshaiah and Swarnamba, kept a watch on their JP Nagar house. He awaited a call to enter the home to execute his plan to kill the elderly couple.On August 6, Guruprasad entered Venkateshaiah's house in the morning and switched on the water pump. \"All other sounds were drowned in the noise the pump made. Nitesh and Syed, who accompanied Guruprasad in the guise of fellow workers, also entered the house and locked the main door,\" an investigating officer said.The trio smothered the senior citizens, who put up some resistance, looted valuables and whatever cash they could lay their hands on, and exited from the back door.Guruprasad, who was frugal in offering his accomplices their share of the loot, had grand plans for himself. On August 7, a day after executing the double murder, Guruprasad pledged the stolen gold with a pawnbroker in Kadirenahalli and purchased a used Maruti 800 car (KA03 P-3666). The same day, he drove with his family to Mysore for a joy ride and returned to Bangalore late in the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15487559", "title": "Ramdev to end fast today, to launch big movement against Congress before Lok Sabha polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Yoga guru Ramdev on Tuesday said he will end his fast before noon on the sixth day of protest against black money and declared that he will launch a big movement against Congress before the Lok Sabha elections.After staying put at Ambedkar Stadium throughout the night refusing to vacate it, Ramdev told his supporters that he \"is acceding to the appeal of his supporters and is calling off the fast but the movement will continue.\"\"I had earlier said that I will end my fast in jail. This stadium is a makeshift jail. I had said will call off my fast only after my supporters get food and water. Late in the night, they were provided with food and water,\" Ramdev said.\"They have appealed to me to end the fast at 11:00am,\" Ramdev said, addressing his supporters on Tuesday morning.He also said there will a big movement against Congress ahead of the next Lok Sabha elections.The Yoga guru said history will be created on Tuesday and he will announce his next course of action before noon.Ramdev went around the Ambedkar Stadium meeting his supporters who had gathered there since Monday evening.Ramdev held an early morning strategy session with his close aides to fine tune the future course of his protest.He had on Monday night rejected an appeal by police to vacate the stadium flagging concerns ahead of Independence Day as the facility was near Red Fort where the nationals celebrations will take place.The Yoga guru on Monday adopted a vigorous anti-Congress stand in his protest against blackmoney and was arrested during a march to Parliament but late in the night he refused to quit the stadium from where he and his few thousand supporters were released.Giving a slogan 'Congress hatao, desh bachao' (Remove Congress, save the country), Ramdev ended his five-day protest with a call to his supporters to march to Parliament for a dharna demanding immediate steps to bring back blackmoney stashed abroad.His protest fast was marked by dilly-dallying over the last three days as he deferred announcing his strategy in the face of central government's total indifference to his agitation against corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15483799", "title": "Will non-starter second Metro route be scrapped?", "text": "MUMBAI: The MMRDA has decided to crack the whip on Reliance Infrastructure (RInfra)\u2014which is developing the second elevated Charkop-Mankhurd-Bandra Metro route. \"We will ask Reliance to commence work on the project at the earliest. If RInfra is unable to start, we can't keep waiting,\" metropolitan commissioner Rahul Asthana said.Even three years after the bhoomipujan was conducted in 2009, the Rs 10,000 crore 32-km elevated Metro rail line, comprising 32 stations, is a non-starter. \"The environment ministry's clearances are already in place. It is now up to the company to start work on the project,\" Asthana said.The MMRDA has been categorical about how an underground Metro is better than an elevated line and there are indications that the contract may be called off in the near future with the MMRDA unveiling a new plan for an underground Metro. RInfra officials declined to comment. But sources close to RInfra said it was impossible to start work as the environment ministry wants construction of depots on stilts, which is a costly affair. \"Similarly, there is no permission for washing activities, which is the prime rail maintenance activity. Lack of permission to commercially exploit the rail route to make the project financially feasible, no aviation nod for elevated tracks at Juhu, hurdles of overhead high-voltage power lines in construction, and absence of railway permissions make the project a non-starter,\" they said, expressing surprise over the MMRDA's stand to issue a whip. Proposed resettlement of PAPs and lack of railway clearance to cross lines may prove to be hurdles, sources said. So far, the right of way to build via-duct for Metro II was just 40%, they pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "15483618", "title": "Nagaland campaign against illegal Bangla migrants for survival", "text": "DIMAPUR: The Public Action Committee (PAC) on illegal immigrants, formed by Naga Council Dimapur, would undertake a \"pledge campaign\" in view of threat posed by illegal Bangladeshi immigrants to the survival of the Nagas.\"The recent conflict in Bodoland between indigenous Bodos and illegal Bangladeshi immigrants has confirmed our worst fears that the safety of our land and people can no longer be guaranteed as long as aliens remain in our land illegally,\" the PAC said on Monday.The pledge campaign would be launched on August 14 at 11 am at Naga Council building \"symbolically representing the twin objective of freedom from aliens and economic independence\".The pledge campaign was unanimously agreed upon at a public meeting held on July 29 in Dimapur and a resolution was passed by Naga Council executive and councilors, Naga Women Hoho Dimapur, GBs, Colony Chairmen Forum, Youth Association of Nagaland, senior citizens, tribal hoho presidents, tribal youth organizations, as well as various colony and youth organizations, presidents of various welfare organizations, Niuland Citizen's Forum and DNSU.It is a signature campaign to awake Naga people so that they can boycott Bangladeshi immigrants at voluntary and individual level. The campaign takes its inspiration from the successful \"swadeshi\" and \"boycott\" movements against British rule in India. It has its roots in Gandhian forms of agitation such as non-cooperation and civil disobedience movement. The pledge campaign is neither about Muslims nor is it about hatred and violence. It is about the danger posed by illegal immigration in Nagaland.The campaign is an awareness drive to counter the conspiracy of \"Greater Bangladesh\" and negate a lie that there are no illegal Bangladeshis in India and Assam. This campaign would cover all districts of Nagaland with the help of tribal hohos and student bodies and all mass based organizations are requested to co-ordinate and co-operate to make the campaign a success.There would be a total economic boycott. Any business establishment employing illegal Bangladeshi immigrants would be boycotted too. However, keeping in view the immediate economic realities of the state, Bangladeshi labour force, including agriculture labourers, would be kept outside the purview of boycott for the time being.Citizens have been requested to patronize Naga business establishments and that of Indian citizens such as Marwaris, Biharis and Bengalis. Every bonafide Naga would pledge not to keep illegal Bangladeshi immigrants as tenants in their residences and commercial buildings.\"Pledge Registers\" would be placed outside the building of Naga Council and at shops and popular hangouts for people to sign. Such registers would also be placed all over the districts under the sponsorship or patronage of local organizations. The pledge campaign shall strive to collect at least 1,00,000 signature by year end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15484198", "title": "No clear majority in Mira-Bhayander civic elections", "text": "THANE: No political party secured a clear majority in the elections for the Mira-Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) held on Sunday, with rumours flying thick and fast about horse-trading by prominent parties in the area to stitch up a post-poll arrangement to wrest power in the civic body.A clear majority of 48 seats is required to guarantee total control over the 95-seat municipal body. The Mira-Bhayander stretch has seen a huge population explosion over the last decade, with migrants from the north populating the new settlement colonies in the area.The poll verdict, however, proved a debacle for the Congress party, whose numbers dwindled to 19 seats, as against 33 seats in the 2009 polls. Voters tilted the scale in favour of the BJP, which won the most number of seats (29), followed by NCP at 27 and Shiv Sena with 14 seats. Former TADA accused Hitendra Thakur's Bahujan Vikas Aghadi won three seats, with the MNS and Independents securing one seat each.The results for one seat have been kept in abeyance till orders are received from the Supreme Court.The Shiv Sena and BJP, who had sealed a pre-poll alliance, have collectively secured 43 seats, just five short of the magic figure. The Congress and the NCP share a bitter rivalry in the area and had contested independently. Should they seal a post-poll arrangement to wrest power in the corporation, they are still short of two seats to reach the required 48 seats for sitting in the ruling benches here.Poll strategists of the Sena-BJP and the NCP-Congress are now busy working out the mathematics of reaching the 48 mark and will leave no stone unturned to woo the corporators from Thakur's Aghadi, MNS and the Independents.The poll results show that the BJP has stolen a march over all other political parties as the Hindi-speaking population from Rajasthan and Gujarat that has settled down in the Mira Road and Bhayander areas have cast their votes in favour of the saffron party. BJP leader Narendra Mehta said that the party's victory was laudable as it had more than doubled its tally to win 29 seats as against 11 seats in 2009.The MNS, whose stand against the migrant population is public knowledge, suffered a severe drubbing as its presence was restricted to one seat against four seats in 2009.NCP MLA Gilbert Mendonca's daughter Asnela won from two wards, while the party's husband-wife duo Lyakat Shaikh and his wife Shabnam also trumped their Congress rivals. Old timers in the MBMC, including NCP's deputy mayor Jayant Patil, BJP group leader Omprakash Agarwal and Congress leader, Advocate Shafiq Khan, were all rejected by the voters this time around.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15483630", "title": "Supreme Court defers Nupur's bail plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday ruled out immediate relief to Nupur Talwar, who continued to be in judicial custody in the Arushi-Hemraj murder case, by adjourning hearing on her bail plea till September 17 to await completion of examination of 13 key witnesses by the trial court.Nupur's counsel senior advocate K V Vishwanathan pleaded parity with her husband Rajesh Talwar, who had been on bail for last four years, and promised not to tamper with witnesses while agreeing to abide by any condition for release on bail.\"The CBI's apprehension is that Nupur might tamper with the key witnesses who were either the couple's employees or friends. But, the agency had no such allegation that her husband, who is on bail, had tampered with the witnesses. She had always cooperated with investigation and it is unfortunate that she would tamper with the evidence now,\" Vishwanathan told a bench of Justices A K Patnaik and J S Khehar.When he said that it was an unfortunate case of mother being accused of murdering her daughter, additional solicitor general Siddharth Luthra, while opposing her bail on behalf of CBI, said: \"Every time the case comes up before the court, there is a refrain that it is an unfortunate case by referring to murder of Arushi.\"\"But the case involved murder of Hemraj too. Is Hemraj immaterial in this case? Did he not have family who grieved his death? Or, is he to be brushed aside just because he was a domestic help?\" asked Luthra while submitting a list of 13 key witnesses who were still to be examined during the trial.He said the charges framed against Nupur included her alleged role in giving false information to the investigating agency to shield the main culprit and also the alleged dressing up of the crime scene, including cleaning of the private parts of Arushi. \"So, rightly the agency had its apprehensions,\" he said.On a query from the bench, Luthra said the examination of the 13 witnesses would be completed in two weeks and promised that the prosecution would strive to get the trial completed by year-end. He said though there were 140 witnesses, the CBI would examine only 50, of which six have already been examined.The bench adjourned hearing on Nupur's bail plea till September 17 with a direction to the CBI to expedite the examination of the key witnesses. It asked Nupur to cooperate with the speedy examination of the witnesses in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15484928", "title": "Seven killed in road accidents", "text": "HYDERABAD: Seven persons were killed in various road accidents in the state on Monday. A speeding lorry crushed three people to death on Addanki-Narketpalli highway near Govada of Addanki mandal in Prakasam district. The victims were waiting for the bus on the highway when the lorry mowed them down before overturning.A couple waiting on the motorbike were also injured when the lorry hit their vehicle after jumping from the road. Police suspect the lorry driver was in a drunken state and lost control over the steering.The driver jumped out of the vehicle and escaped from the spot. The victims were identified as Jalla Veeraiah, 65, Jalla China Yesu, 35 and J N Yesu, 60. A welder in Kakinada port, Kolli Venkanna, was killed and his friend was seriously injured when the motorbike they were riding was hit by a private bus at Gurjanapalle in Tallarevu mandal. In another accident, two passengers travelling by an auto were killed when a speeding auto hit their vehicle at Vithamrajupalle in Vinukonda mandal in Guntur district. The auto was on its way to Vinukonda from Potluru. One person was killed in an auto-lorry collision at Suryapet in Nalgonda district.In another accident at Chagallu in Station Ghanpur mandal in Warangal district, six passengers travelling in an auto were injured when the three-wheeler was hit by a speeding RTC bus in the evening. They were rushed to Jangaon government hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15485897", "title": "Saffron outfits have taken over Mangalore: Siddaramaiah", "text": "BANGALORE: Opposition leader Siddaramaiah is hopeful of Congress assuming power in the next elections. In an interaction with TOI journalists here on Monday, he said corruption and moral policing will affect the BJP's prospects.What are the election issues this time?Corruption, maladministration and lawlessness. There is no rule of law in the coastal region. Bajrang Dal , Hindu Jagaran Vedike and Sri Rama Sene have taken law into their hands---made it the Republic of Mangalore. The coastal city has become like Bellary during the Reddys regime. There is no district administration in Mangalore.Are the people disappointed with BJP?When one talks to the common man or goes to a government office, what one gets to hear is the issues of old age pension, distribution of below poverty line ration cards and general corruption. People are looking for a change now. The corruption in the execution of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme will be one of the talking points of the Congress at public platforms.What is the urban voter's perception of a political party?An urban voter needs a good and transparent governance.What are Congress' chances in the polls?The chances are bright as people want to throw out the BJP. The ruling BJP has lost credibility due to corruption and maladministration and does not enjoy the advantages it had the last time. JD(S) cannot be an alternative. Read the track record of JD(S) and Congress and you will know. Last time, they got 28 seats while we secured 80. They have no pan-Karnataka base and haven't expanded. So Congress is the only alternative and we will get a simple majority to form the government. If BS Yeddyurappa quits BJP, it will help us. Independent MLA B Sriramulu's BSR party will eat into the votes of the BJP, putting us in an advantageous position. The constitutional amendment to Article 371 giving special status to Hyderabad-Karnatak region too will boost our prospects.Will we see early assembly polls, may be in December?Elections will be on schedule and there won't be early polls. Also, this time, there will be no hung assembly.Are you a CM aspirant?Yes. I think I am eligible. I have won six times and I am the seniormost. I missed becoming CM twice, once in 1996 and in 2004. In 1996, 87 MLAs had supported me. If there was an election in the legislature party, I would have won.You were in JD(S) then, you are in a party now where there are too many contenders for the CM's post like Union minister Mallikarjun M Kharge and KPCC president G Parameshwara.There will surely be competition as there are many contenders. Competition is good in a democracy. However, becoming a CM depends on the MLAs as the party high command will take a decision based on their opinion. I am hopeful the MLAs will back me.With the BJP latching on to the Lingayat-Vokkaliga-Kuruba combination to woo voters, what will be the Congress mantra?We don't need caste combinations. When was dyCM R Ashoka a leader of the Vokkaligas or K S Eshwarappa of the Kurubas?Are Karnataka voters ready to accept another regional party, if floated by Yeddyurappa?Nobody has succeeded in launching a regional party in Karnataka, including popular leaders like D Devaraj Urs and Ramakrishna Hegde. Yeddyurappa is not a leader of that stature to succeed. At the most, he will spoil the BJP's chances. He does not mind losing one eye if he can damage both eyes of BJP, if denied the party state president's post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15484317", "title": "33% rise in BCom, BA seats in Lucknow University", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow University has increased 33% seats in BA and BCom in its affiliated colleges. But, in BSc, only 10% seats have been increased. The decision was taken by the university's admission committee on Monday. The committee gave a green signal to colleges to increase their section from 60 to 80 in arts and commerce. The increase in seats in LU, however, is confined to just commerce. As per LU officials, 25% seats have been increased in BCom and BCom (Hons) and that only in the self-finance category.At present, the university has 150 seats in BCom (self-finance) and 100 in self-finance BCom (Hons). Now, there will be additional 38 and 25 seats in BCom and BCom (Hons) respectively. The increase in self-finace seats also means that students will have to shell out more. The fee for BCom in the self-finance category is Rs 25,775 and that of BCom (Hons) is Rs 30,775 per semester. Admissions on the increased seats are expected to begin from August 18.The university has also cleared proposals of government-aided colleges seeking additional sections for undergraduate courses. This includes Islamia Degree College, Kalicharan Degree College, Lucknow Christian College, Navyug College, Rajat Girls Degree College, Ramadhin Singh Girls Degree College, Rama Degree College, City Academy College, Gyanoday Degree College, Nagar Nigam Degree College, Bhartiya Vidya Bhawan and many others. A new section for BCom has been added in these colleges but these colleges will have to fulfill the conditions put forth by the university's inspection team within 15 days.The proposal for increase in seats by self-finance colleges has been turned down.Another important change made is in the eligibility criteria for non-faculty Scheduled Caste (SC) students seeking admission in PG courses. The university will reduce the minimum eligibility marks for SC students in case of faculty change from 55% to 50%. But this will be applicable from the next year.Meanwhile, the proposal to introduce challenge evaluation ended on papers only. On April 17, during the admission committee meeting, it was decided that the university will send a proposal to the state government seeking introduction of challenge evaluation so that transparency can be maintained in evaluation process. However, the proposal till date has not been sent.Protests in Lucknow UniversityThe Lucknow University campus turned into a dharna sthal on Monday as students, teachers and employees raised several demands. All of them looked for immediate respite from rampant corruption in the university. They termed the protests as the beginning of a war with the LU administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15485012", "title": "Ex-air hostess held high post in Aruna\u2019s firm", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Geetika Sharma was made the additional director of a company floated by Aruna Chadha, an associate of Kanda and co-accused in the case, and her father Amrit Parkash Chaddha.The company \u2014 AKG Infrabuild Private Limited \u2014 was registered on March 12, 2012 and at that time it had Aruna Chadha and her father as directors. However, on April 3, 2012, Amrit Parkash quit the board and Geetika and another woman, Khushabu Sharma, a resident of Jharkhand , were made the additional directors on the same day.According to the date available with the registrar of companies, the firm was floated with a capital of Rs 1 lakh. The company, which is believed to be involved in infrastructure development, has its registered office at C904, BPTP Park Life, Sector 57, Gurgaon.A senior police official in Delhi said, \"We will question Aruna about this company and ascertain whether this firm has links with Gopal Kanda.\" Aruna was senior HR manager with MDLR Airlines, where Geetika was posted as an additional director in January 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15485913", "title": "Four 'cops' booked for duping woman", "text": "INDORE: Three bike-borne youths disguised as policemen and duped a 69-year-old woman of her jewelleries at MG Road here on Monday. The woman, Vidyabai, wife of Krishnarao Pathak, is a resident of Snehlataganj.The incident took place when Vidyabai was returning home after picking her child from a nearby bus stop. The youths, posing as police personnel, misled her that a woman has been looted of her jewelleries and that she should be alert. At the same time, to win the woman's confidence, a boy approached the youths and handed them his valuables. Following this, the woman too handed over her jewelleries, which the youths wrapped in a handkerchief. Later, they apparently returned her the belonging. However, to her surprise, Vidyabai found the jewelleries missing when she returned home. She, along with her family members, approached police. The police have booked all four accused, including the boy, under the Section 420 and 34 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15486103", "title": "Economic offences wing files cases against emu farms", "text": "COIMBATORE: Over 30 complaints have been filed before the Coimbatore Economic Offences Wing (EOW) by investors from Coimbatore, Tirupur and the Nilgiris districts, who have invested funds in Susi and Queen Emu Farms till Monday.The complainants have claimed they had been cheated of a total of Rs 80lakh. Also, 10 investors from Coimbatore, who were allegedly cheated by Queen Emu Farm in Perundurai in Erode, lodged petitions with the EOW on Monday evening.Meanwhile, EOW has registered a case against Susi Emu Farms India Pvt Ltd of Perundurai and its managing director M Gurusamy and P Lingasamy. Police booked them under section 120 (b), 406, 420 of IPC and section 5 of Tamil Nadu Protection of Interest of Depositors (TNPID) Act 1997.A Kandiappan, a farmer of Devarampalayam in Pollachi, lodged a complaint with EOW stating that he invested Rs1.5lakh with Susi Emu Farms on December 7, 2011. Since then, he received Rs6,000 every month for seven months. The Pollachi branch shut down afterwards. Based on the complaint, the EOW registered a case.\"We have received 33 complaints from the three districts against Susi Emu Farms, particularly Pollachi and Udumalpet farmers, who had invested more money in the firm. We are trying to nab the accused,\" said N Srinivasan, inspector, EOW.One of the victims, A Prabhu, a farmer of Govindapuram near Udumalpet, approached the EOW on Monday evening and lodged a petition. He said he invested Rs2 lakh in Queen Emu Farm at Perundurai in December 2011 and the firm had returned Rs8,000 per month till July. The Pollachi branch was shut down after that.Erode EOW police has already registered a case against Queen Emu Farms, managing director, P Mayilsamy and has been receiving petitions from victims.Meanwhile, two persons, Thangavelu of Sulur and Arusamy of KG Chavadi, came to the district collectorate and lodged a petition with the collector M Karunagaran on Monday. \"Many farmers have lost money in emu farms in the region. The firms will be brought to book and strict action will be taken against them. Victims can lodge their complaints with EOW, Coimbatore,\" said Karunagaran.Meanwhile, Erode police have registered a criminal case against TVS Emu Farm at Sathyamangalam and its promoter T V Srikumar for cheating over 60 investors to the tune of Rs 5 crore. Cases have been registered against Alma Emu Farm and Queen Emu Farm in Perundurai. Their promoters are on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15484809", "title": "Vacant Jadavpur University, Besu seats to be filled up in 2nd year", "text": "KOLKATA: The confusion over admission to vacant seats in the engineering faculty of Jadavpur University and Bengal Engineering and Science University (Besu) has been sorted out. After a meeting with education minister Bratya Basu and other authorities, the vice-chancellors of both varsities emerged as happy men with the decision taken by government which was unanimous.\"We did not want to compromise on the quality of students neither did we want the seats to remain vacant. Thus, we have decided that at the moment, the vacant seats in the first year will be filled up through lateral entry of candidates in the second year,\" said Basu.The minister added: \"Seats remaining vacant is not new. This year, the issue has come in focus since we have introduced e-counselling. Even in the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), seats remain vacant. There is no provision in the statutes of these universities to admit students from JELET in first year. We have requested the authorities from both JU and Besu to make the necessary amendments in their statute from the next session.\"Besu vice-chancellor Ajay Kumar Ray said: \"Among the 55 seats which have remained vacant in the first year, most will be filled up. The number will go down because we will have to admit students seeking lateral entry, those of foreign origin, Kashmir immigrants and those from the defence personnel quota. Even after allocating seats and filling up the quota, very few seats will be left which can go vacant without any hassle.\"VC of JU Souvik Bhattacharyya said: \"Seats often remain vacant in engineering institutes. However, we will soon take some measures to ensure lesser number of vacancies.\" The two leading state technology universities together have 170 vacant seats - 115 in JU and 55 in Besu.The education minister said: \"Seats remaining vacant does not mean that students did not take admissions, but that they migrated to some other college. There are technological problems which did not allow us to hold the fourth round of counselling.\"Earlier, JU and Besu had rejected the government's proposal to allow students to fill up vacant seats without taking the West Bengal Joint Entrance Examinations (WBJEE). The universities feared that students who had secured a rank in WBJEE would still not find a seat if the government's earlier decision was implemented and could take the university to court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15486171", "title": "Islamic scholars ask rioters to surrender", "text": "MUMBAI: A delegation of Islamic scholars and community leaders that called on the chief minister on Monday asked the perpetrators of violence to surrender to the police. Minority affairs minister Naseem Khan and Samajwadi party legislator Abu Azmi also participated in the meeting with Chavan.\"This is a dastardly act. Swift action should be taken against the perpetrators,\" said Haroon Mozawala of the All India Personal Muslim Board. The delegation asked the CM to ensure that innocent people are not targeted during the probe.The chief minister also met a group of editors of Urdu newspapers and appealed to them to maintain restraint in reporting and editorializing the investigations.Chavan assured the editors that he had directed officials not to harass the innocents while tracking down the rioters. \"I am aware of the concern of the Muslim community that some innocents might be picked up. But assure your readers that action will be taken only against those whose culpability is proved,\" Chavan told the senior Urdu journalists.Shahid Latif, editor of The Inquilab, told the CM that the Urdu dailies had maintained utmost restraint and appealed for peace. Saeed Hameed of Urdu Rashtriya Sahara pointed out that the culprits of Saturday's violence might have been engineered by drug mafia in the city. Sunni ulema, led by Moin Ashraf Qadri, has launched a campaign against the drug dealers and it is suspected that the drug mafia wanted to defame Sunni ulema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "15485159", "title": "GR puts Bhandara coop bank in a fix", "text": "BHANDARA: In a move that is being viewed as a severe setback for the 100-year-old cooperative banking movement in the state, the ministry of education and sports has issued orders to make payments of zilla parishad schoolteachers and nonteaching staff through nationalized banks. Presently, the monthly payment is done through district central cooperative bank of every district.In its GR dated August 3, 2012, the ministry of education and sports has said payment of teaching and nonteaching staff of zilla parishad schools as well as similar staff of government recognized private aided schools should be made through nationalized banks by electronic clearing system. The GR will be implemented from September 1.In Bhandara district, this payment is presently being done through Bhandara District Central Cooperative Bank (BDCC), which disburses Rs40.40 crore monthly, means annual transaction of around Rs500 crore. If this account is transferred to a nationalized bank, then it will be a major loss to the BDCC.\"The BDCC is not charging for its services or establishment cost to ZP. When the bank was appointed for disbursing the salaries in 1983, it was decided that the government will pay Re0.20 paisa for every Rs100 as commission. The outstanding commission has gone up to Rs12 crore. Moreover, the bank has given loans worth Rs84 crore to teachers against guarantee of their monthly salary, which is also outstanding,\" general manager of BDCC, Mukund Mirage.Many feel nationalized banks are being favoured because they provide a host of facilities like core banking, net banking and so on.Senior MNS leader and director of BDCC Prashant Pawar said it is a deliberate attempt by the Democratic Front (DF) government to do away with cooperative banking. \"The order will be implemented but we need some more time. We have already started working in this direction. By simply issuing a GR they are trying to finish the 100-year-old cooperative banking sector, which is backbone of the rural economy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15483156", "title": "Finally, reason to cheer for Walmiki", "text": "MUMBAI: Mid-way through India's Olympic hockey qualifying campaign in New Delhi, talented 22-year-old, Yuvraj Walmiki sustained a Grade Two hamstring injury and had to miss the rest of the tournament. Subsequently, Walmiki spent a few months in rehab and then travelled to Malaysia to play in the Sultan Azlan Shah Cup where India finished third. But even as Valmiki hoped to get a berth in India's Olympics squad, he failed to impress the people concerned. He was declared unfit and was left out.After spending nearly six months in wilderness, Valmiki finally has something to look forward to. The man who has been plying his trade for Germany's second division club, TGF Frankenthal, for the past two seasons, has been invited for a third stint.Walmiki, who began training a fortnight ago at Churchgate's Mumbai Hockey Association's (MHA) newly-laid turf, will be travelling to Germany for a two-month stint to play for his club in the second division Bundesliga League on Monday night.\"I have played in Germany for two seasons and have enjoyed the experience. We have a tournament in Holland next week after which I will return to participate in the German second division league,\" Walmiki said.He seemed more than thrilled to be back playing competitive hockey and his main agenda for the German trip is to play there and get back as a strong contender and make a good comeback in the Indian national team.\"My main objective is to get used to the European defense pattern. I want to utilise all that I have picked up in terms of skills, fitness and game sense once I'm back in the national camp and play in international tournaments.\"Talking about missing the Olympics, Walmiki said, \"I was extremely disheartened that I couldn't make it. But the fact that I was dropped because of injury and not form, was some consolation. Nevertheless, I will work harder and try and make the cut for the 2016 Olympics in Rio.BHA elections successfully held: The 77th Annual General Meeting of the members of the Mumbai Hockey Association Ltd (MHA) was held at MHA's registered office in Churchgate on Saturday. Mangha Singh Bakshi was elected president of the MHA unopposed, while Ram Singh Rathor (129 votes) was elected as honorary secretary.The committee: President: Mangha Singh Bakshi; Vice-presidents: Bal Malkit Singh Gurdip Singh Chandhoak; Honorary Secretary: Ram Singh Rathor; Honorary Treasurer: Bal Govind Chokhani; Members: Puran Singh, Darryl D'Souza, Mayur Pandey, Mir Ranjan Negi, Vernon Lobo, HC Sawhney, Rajinder Singh Parmar, Mukhwinder Singh Gill, MP Agrawal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15486591", "title": "After three-month shutdown, Hisar power plant resumes operation", "text": "GURGAON: The 600MW Unit-1 of Rajiv Gandhi Thermal Power Project in Hisar on Monday started its operation after remaining \"temporarily shut down\" for over three months.It was synchronized with the grid after turbine vibration problem was resolved. A spokesman of Haryana Power Generation Corporation (HPGCL) said that the Unit-1 was facing problem of high vibration and temperature in turbine bearings since December 2011.The problem has now been solved and the unit achieved full load of 600MW on the very first day after its rehabilitation on August 10, he said.He added technical experts from the OEM Shanghai Electric Corporation (SEC), China, have been camping at the plant since May 2012 for redressing the vibration problem along with the Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) contractor RInfra and HPGCL engineers.The unit will generate about 144 lakh additional units of electricity daily for the consumers of Haryana, when operating at its rated capacity. The machine was under forced shutdown since April 28, 2012, due to vibration problem.While the problem was being attended by RInfra, HPGCL engaged Department of Civil Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Roorkee for carrying out independent evaluation of the quality of concrete in the foundation structure and the bearing pedestals of the Turbo Generator of Unit-1.The machine was rolled on July 25 by RInfra under the supervision of SEC experts, however the vibration problem still persisted.Since the unit could not be revived, in-spite of repeated trials and addition of balancing weights, HPGCL contacted Sampoorna Rotor Dynamics Consultancy (SRDC), Hyderabad which is represented by reputed IIT professor and renowned vibration expert J S Rao and other turbine experts and requested them to visit RGTPP for examining the vibration problem and to suggest solutions for the same.Further, another reputed turbine expert Baboo Ram Bakshi (Ex- BHEL) was also requested to visit RGTPP in this regard. All the above experts visited RGTPP site to study the problem and to suggest remedial measures to be undertaken by HPGCL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15486274", "title": "A day after rot, contractor swings into action", "text": "VADODARA: A day after about thousands of wheat bags got drenched in rain waters at the Vadodara railway station, the Central Warehousing Corporation (CWC) is yet to take any action in the incident.CWC officials maintained that they will take action only after assessing the extent to which the wheat bags have been damaged.About 24,000 wheat bags were left to rot at the railway station yard for three days as the contractor failed to shift them to the CWC godown in Chhani.CWC regional manager V K Tyagi said that the contractor will be penalized. On Monday, the wheat bags were being shifted from the railway yard to the CWC godown with urgency. After media highlighted the issue on Monday, the contractor, who had failed to move the wheat bags in time by citing rains as the reason, was seen shifting the bags on war-footing from the railway yard to the CWC godown.\"About 80 per cent of the bags were shifted to CWC godown on Monday. Once all the bags reach the godown, we will assess the damage. The contractor will then be penalized for the delay that led to the incident,\" Tyagi told TOI.The CWC may impose financial penalty on the contractor for failing to move the bags in time. But CWC seemed to be downplaying the incident.Junior railways minister, Bharatsinh Solanki released a letter written by Vadodara railway division DRM NK Shukla on Monday. The letter states 'Mr Tyagi of CWC also stated that about 2,000 bags on the sides of the heaps have become wet, but the goods have not been damaged, because the after taking it to the depot they will dry up the grains and retrieve it fully.'But the scenario was completely contrasting at the railway yard on Sunday. Stray cattle were seen feeding on the wheat falling out of the bags. Many bags were soaked in the water-logged road next to the wagons.The letter also quotes Tyagi saying that when the bags were unloaded on the ground there were no rains but since midnight of August 11 there has been continuous rainfall that resulted into slow shifting by the contractor.\"Rlys not responsible for damage\"Junior railways minister Bharatsinh Solanki on Monday tried to wash his hands off the incident and said that the railways is not responsible for the wheat bags damage. Solanki said that the responsibility of the railways is to carry the goods from one place to another. \"Once the goods are offloaded, responsibility of the railways ends. The wheat bags were offloaded from the wagons and the contractor should have shifted them in time,\" Solanki said. When asked whether the railways will erect sheds to store such goods temporarily, Solanki said that the development is a continuous process in the railways and they will keep upgrading their services.Times ViewThe criminal waste of foodgrains meant for the public distribution system and open market is indicative of the systemic failure involving multiple agencies like the Central Warehousing Corporation, Food Corporation of India and Indian Railways. It is not enough if only the contractor is held accountable. More heads should roll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15486485", "title": "It\u2019s a strange season for monsoon", "text": "Indifferent is probably an understatement to describe the current monsoon season in the state. Rather the weather has been full of surprises, mostly unpleasant, as the state witnessed drought in one part of the state at the start of the week and ended with floods in the north, while all along it should have been raining cats and dogs in the first-of-its-kind 'Karkkidakam'.All this doesn't bode well for the state as experienced environmental scientists have raised concerns over the disparate rainfall pattern across several districts in the state, while blaming micro-level climate changes and degradation of green zones in the state for the phenomenon.\"The deficit in rainfall and the flooddrought phenomenon within a few hundred kilometres along the Western Ghats is atypical of the changing climate pattern that the scientists have been forecasting globally in recent years,\" Dr Madhav Gadgil, architect of the Western Ghats Experts Ecology Panel report (WGEEP) told TOI.He said one of the biggest challenges that the state would face was in tackling the micro-level climate change, the resulting water scarcity and pollution of ground water resources.An analysis of the rainfall received by 14 districts from June 1 to August 13 this year showed that the surplus rainfed green districts such as Wayanad and Idukki suffered a huge deficit in rainfall this year. Wayanad received 58% below normal rainfall, while Idukki received 35% below normal rainfall.Both districts have been facing huge degradation of green zones and unscrupulous commerical development of private resorts in the last decade. \"Traditional pepper and paddy farmers are moving to cash-rich rubber crops which are unable to conserve water and stop soil erosion.The water body eco-systems had played an important role in cooling temperatures , which is a catalyst for a good monsoon,'' said Prof. E Kunhikrishnan, a Western Ghats ecology expert and associate professor of zoology, University College.He said there has been a huge pressure to open up estates for private development in eco-fragile areas along the Western Ghats such as Nelliyampathy hills. \"These hill ranges act as a natural coolant for the arid, hot wind that comes from Coimbatore through Palakkad ghats.The rains and streams that originate from the moisture-ridden Nelliyapamthy hills irrigate many rivers and Parambikulam-Aliyar reservoir, which in turn provide water for irrigation purpose to paddy farms in Palakkad,\" he said. Environmentalists said that several studies have shown that there has been an increase in rainfall where there is adequate forest cover.\"North Mumbai, for instance, gets more rainfall when compared with south Mumbai every year. The reason is the presence of a 102 sq km Sanjay Gandhi National Park near Borivali in north Mumbai, which acts as a green lung for the city,\" D Stalin, the project director of Vanashakti, said The Western Ghats stretches to around 450 kilometres in the state, which is 28% of the total area of the ghats that extend up till Gujarat.The Sahyadri ranges literally stands out as a formidable and expansive presence and covers 31 out of 63 taluks in the state and passes through 537 panchayats out of the total 999 panchayats.Claude Alvares, Goa- based environmental activist and a member of the Goa Coastal Zone Management Authority, said that the states along Western Ghats will have to deal with local level micro climate changes because of the massive degradation of green zones.\"A recent study done by National Institute of Oceanography, Goa, showed that the thermal plants and new concrete structures along the coast increased the land temperature and this resulted in a lack of cooling of monsoon currents necessary for rainfall,\" he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai/coimbatore", "code": "15485647", "title": "Tamil Nadu cancels govt exam after leak", "text": "CHENNAI/COIMBATORE: The Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission (TNPSC) has cancelled the written test for Group II posts, conducted across the state on Sunday, following the leak of a question paper. A re-exam will be held.The decision came even as police teams fanned out across the state on Monday to crack the network involved in the paper leak. While one person from Dharmapuri, who allegedly had a copy of the leaked paper in his possession, was arrested on Sunday, police picked up four persons, including a couple, in Erode. Teams have gone to Erode, Namakkal and Tiruvannamalai in search of other suspects.The TNPSC, which convened a meeting on Monday, decided to cancel the exam. \"On getting reports from certain districts, we held a meeting. We have decided to cancel the exam,\" TNPSC chairman R Nataraj told TOI.He said the new date for the exam will be announced soon. The TNPSC has constituted a committee to conduct a probe. The question paper leak comes barely a year after the state Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption ( DVAC) raided the residences and office premises of the then TNPSC chairman and members following allegations that they had amassed disproportionate assets.The vigilance wing claimed to have found documents indicating the selection process for Group I posts held last year was rigged. However, the investigation has been stayed by the SC. On Sunday, a few candidates who took the written test alleged that the question paper was leaked. More than six lakh candidates appeared for the exam conducted for selection for posts such as municipal commissioner and secretariat assistant.A magistrate court in Erode remanded in judicial custody S Dhanakodi (26) and her husband M Senthil, a bus conductor, along with two others who helped to get hold of the question paper. Dhanakodi had appeared for the exam at a centre in Erode on Sunday. Police said she was found outside the hall with the leaked questions about half an hour before the exam commenced. She told the police the questions written on a white sheet of paper were collected by her husband from a stranger at the Erode bus stand. Senthil, who was picked up later, said the same. \"However, during questioning, he admitted the questions were mailed to him by S Sudhakaran (32), who hails from Namakkal district,\" said inspector T Velumani of Erode Town police station.Police picked up Sudhakaran, a lecturer with Excel College at Kumarapalayam near Namakkal, on Monday afternoon. Police said he told them that the questions were mailed to him by Kandasamy from Chennai. He had then mailed them to Senthil. Police also arrested M Varadharajan (29) of Bhavani in Erode district who received the paper by email. Varadharajan works at the John Bosco TNPSC Examination Coaching Centre in Erode.Another suspect, Suresh Kumar (35), was arrested in Dharmapuri on Sunday night following complaints that he too had in his possession a copy of the leaked question paper.Suresh Kumar reportedly told police he purchased it from Rangarajan of Tiruvannamalai for Rs 4 lakh. He claimed to have convinced three of his friends to pitch in with Rs 1 lakh each. It was Rangarajan who supplied them the questions written in hand on 69 A4 sheets. A police team has rushed to Tiruvannamalai.\"We will do an internal enquiry and will come out with a report,\" Nataraj said. Claiming that the present security system for conducting exams was good, Nataraj said the commission would look into whether the leak took place while the question papers were being taken to the various exam centres. \"It has come to our knowledge that some people were in possession of copies of the question paper which were handwritten,\" said Nataraj, who took over as TNPSC chief in January this year. Sources said the commission was in the process of preparing a new question paper for the re-exam. No new candidate can apply for the exam and only those who wrote the earlier exam would be permitted to take the next one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15485255", "title": "Part by part, spinning mill was ripped apart", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Vinkar Sahakari Sut Girni (cooperative spinning mill), Umred road, is in for a final assault! Machinery, spares and equipment worth more than a crore have been stolen from the defunct spinning mill.Even as the state textiles department slept for eight years, thieves continued to steal the show by dismantling the machinery and selling it in the scrap right under the nose of the security and officials who are based in Nagpur.The theft of machinery perhaps started gradually in 2005 and is still continuing on a big scale. The textiles directorate officials are groping in the dark and have no answers how it happened.RD Kausdikar, regional deputy director of textiles and controlling officer of the defunct mill, admitted that for the first time a formal police complaint was lodged with Nandanvan police station on July 3.Kausdikar and an official along with KS Jawale of Maharashtra State Cooperative Spinning Mill Federation, Mumbai, had visited the mill on Friday to conduct a survey. The local officials, however, are trying to downplay the matter.A visit to the mill on Sunday found that it is free for all. Gang of thieves sneaks into the mill from neighbouring Hasanbagh and Tajbagh areas during the night and even in the day through several breaches in the compound wall. They stay inside for hours dismantling costly machines. By morning the scrap is dumped in gunny bags and moved out. Of the late, several scrap dealers have set their shops near the mill.TOI found empty water and wine bottles and food packets inside showing that thieves are inside for long hours. Many empty gunny bags were also found inside to pack stolen material. Locks of shutters were broken. The thieves have made many exit points inside to ensure that in case they are trapped they escape easily.One of the guards said the thieves have become fearless. On August 9, a gang of 20 thieves entered inside from the main gate to collect scrap. \"On August 10, around 4am, a mini-truck entered the premises and loaded the stolen scrap and vanished, even as we pretended to sleep,\" he admitted.It was found that the thieves are targeting costly equipment and accessories made of brass and copper to fetch more money.On May 18, 2007, the liquidator had prepared list of machinery and pegged its cost at Rs1.42 crore. However, most of the machinery and its parts in each section have been stolen. Even the costly teakwood doors are missing. If the security is not tightened and breaches are not closed, time is not far when all the machines will vanish.The mill was liquidated in 1996 following heavy losses. Documents in possession of TOI shows that the thefts started well before 2004, when the liquidator had floated tenders for sale of plant &amp; machinery, scrap in stores, furniture and fixtures etc.A Mumbai-based firm Basant Textile Traders had offered Rs1.71 crore for the machines. He was to be informed about the offer in eight days but the liquidator sat on the bid for almost 10 months. Later, when the Mumbai firm was informed about the acceptance, it got suspicious and requested reinspection of the property.On August 7, 2005, when reinspection was conducted many items put to sale in the tender were missing, indicating thefts are going on since 2004 or even before. Now officials regret Mumbai firm should have been offered the bid.The textiles directorate pays Rs40,000 per month to Unity Security Force (USF), a group of militarymen, for 10 securitymen in three shifts to guard the defunct mill.However, security guards said only 4-5 men are posted. All of them are above 70 years and ill-equipped to handle the situation. They are paid a salary of Rs2,500 per month. The USF is engaged since 2006.Area manager of USF Kailash Wanjari says, \"Aged guards were posted only recently. Young guards are not ready to work as they were threatened by miscreants earlier. The mill is completely isolated with no lights. There are breaches in the walls. What can we do?\"Interestingly, there are no guards posted at the east side (Chitnis Nagar) of the mill where there is a big hole in the wall from where thieves enter under the guise of attending nature's call.RN Shingare, director, handlooms and textiles, admits he was informed about the thefts only on July 3. \"A three-member team is probing the thefts and an FIR has also been filed. I've asked the officials to step up security and close the breaches. Those involved will be taken up,\" Shingare told TOI. However, the breaches have not been closed even after a month.Instead of taking strong steps, the textiles department has sought police help. However, Nandanwan PI Sunil Jaiswal said, \"We are regularly acting against scrap thieves and have registered offences against them. But as these offences are bailable, the thieves come back.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "jaipur/jaisalmer", "code": "15484843", "title": "War on feticide: DNA tests to nail culprits", "text": "JAIPUR/JAISALMER: The government is upping the ante in the crackdown against female feticide and it's latest weapon is the DNA test.Alarmed over rising cases of female feticide, the state government has made compulsory DNA profiling of all female fetuses or infant bodies found abandoned, which can be used as evidence against suspected parents and other accused.Additional chief secretary Ashok Sampatram issued a direction to police department and also made aware the medical, health and family welfare department about the decision through a letter to principal health secretary B N Sharma.\"I have issued a letter to all the concerned police officers to ensure that in all such cases blood samples and other body parts required for proper DNA profiling are compulsorily preserved and sent for DNA profiling,\" Sampatram wrote in the letter to Sharma. The orders are in accordance with the directions of the high court.The medical, health and family welfare department had ordered all its officials in July to comply with the direction. The order for DNA tests is separate from the pre-conception pre-natal and diagnostic techniques (PCPNDT) Act 1994, indicating that the Act may not be sufficient to check feticide. Recently, the HC had observed that blood samples and other body parts were not being preserved and sent for DNA profiling. Now, the medical department has sent instructions to all medical jurists in the state who are authorized to perform post-mortems to undertake DNA profiling.Cops fail to arrest accusedThe government is upping the ante in the crackdown against female feticide and it's latest weapon is the DNA test. Alarmed over rising cases of female feticide, the state government has made compulsory DNA profiling of all female fetuses or infant bodies found abandoned, which can be used as evidence against suspected parents and other accused. In Rajasthan, child sex ratio has declined by 26 points from 909 to 883 between 2001 and 2011. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had also written to chief minister Ashok Gehlot expressing his concern over the decreased sex ratio in the state.Recently, fetuses were found right in the heart of Jaipur in Vidhyadhar Nagar and Shastri Nagar area. Fetuses were also found in Hinduan and Chittorgarh. In Nagaur, three fetuses were found in an isolated place. The police are still groping in the dark in all the cases.Whenever a fetus or an infants' body is found abandoned, the police register FIR against unidentified persons. Following that, it checks records of nearby hospitals. But, so far, the police have failed to achieve any breakthrough in such cases and failed to book accused who throw female fetuses in trash, usually for want of evidence.There are incidents when the police could not nail the accused due to the absence of evidence even though the post mortem proves infanticide. Last year in Devda village in Jaisalmer, in the case of death of newborn girl child, the viscera test of FSL had revealed that the child died due to pesticide. However, the accused was acquitted as the court gave them the benefit of doubt due to absence of DNA profiling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15485427", "title": "Puja, meetings, guidelines... a packed first working day", "text": "NAGPUR: New municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane joined the Nagpur Municipal Commissioner (NMC) full time on Monday. In his 11-hour presence at the office, Wardhane reviewed the status of various projects and working of the civic body.A delighted Wardhane told TOI that the first day was very good. \"I particularly wanted to know about the problems so as to chalk out a proper system. There is a need to revise the administrative system which I am looking forward to. The staff is really good. Projects of JNNURM, especially e-governance are excellent and require some attention,\" he said.After being appointed by the state government to head the civic body, Wardhane assumed charge on August 3 evening and held marathon meeting with the officials of NMC on August 4. But he left for a weeklong training and returned back to the city on Monday.Wardhane arrived in the city by flight from Pune around 7am along with his mother Gangubai and wife Priya . Along with his family, he went to his elder brother's residence at Tilak Nagar. Around 9.30am, the family went to Wardhane's official residence Tapasya situated at Law College Square and performed puja. After placing a kalash at the new address, the family returned to Tilak Nagar. They may shift to Tapasya around August 18, after looking for an auspicious date.Arriving at the NMC office punctually at 10am, Wardhane kicked off the day's schedule with meeting of the accounts and finance department. Later, he held a meeting with officials of education department followed by those of e-governance. A senior NMC official said that the civic chief gave various suggestions in the first meeting itself. \"Wardhane asked for details about NMC schools from deputy municipal commissioner Rizwan Siddiqui. The civic chief asked Siddiqui to direct officials to start teaching the students right from school assembly, saying that mass chanting of any part of syllabus is the best method to learn,\" he said.Siddiqui passed on the guideline to all NMC schools immediately. Later, Wardhane reviewed Aadhar card registration and directed officials to ensure completion of the registration process in time. Wardhane resumed the series of meetings after leaving for lunch at 2.45pm. In the second half, he met visitors from various sectors. Later, he held a meeting with officials of JNNURM which went up to late evening.Meanwhile, Wardhane also met a team of 17 corporators, including independent and small party at his cabin. Wardhane tried to understand the background behind the special group formed by the corporators who are part of BJP-led ruling party Nagpur Vikas Aghadi.Wardhane wrapped up the first day at 8.15pm after informing officials about the agenda for the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15485112", "title": "Welder mowed down by truck", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 23-year-old welder was mowed down by a truck in Shivrampally on Monday.The victim, Mohammed Hussain of Aramgarh, died when his bike was hit by the speeding truck in the afternoon. According to police, the truck (AP 11 T 2637) moving from Aramgarh to Chandrayangutta rammed into the bike from behind. Hussain and his friend Abdul Wahed fell on the road.While Hussain came under the rear wheels of the truck and died on the spot, his friend escaped with minor injuries. Soon after the incident, the truck driver abandoned the vehicle and fled from the spot.A case was booked against him under Sections 304-A (causing death by rash or negligent act) and 337 (causing hurt by an act which endangers human life) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15484301", "title": "Ayurvedic quack\u2019s clinics raided", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Prakash Barvaliya, an Ayurvedic practioner in Surat had been fooling his patients by giving them allopathic medicines and labeling them as Ayurvedic. On Monday a team of the food and drug control administration from Gandhinagar and Surat raided his clinics in Poonagam and Udhana areas and seized Rs 11 lakh worth of fake Ayurvedic medicines.Barvaliya used to prepare his own concoction of medicines and labeled them as Astha ayur Pharmacy. \"The modus operandi was quite shocking. For some of Barvaliya's concoction, he would buy generic ointments mainly anti fungus, anti bacterial creams and even creams with steroid content, cut these tubes and pour the contents into his customized pharmacy container. He would then used a neutral mix and label the container with his label. He would then prescribe these concoctions to his patients,\" says food and drug commissioner HG Koshia. The food and drug department found that Barvaliya held an Ayurvedic degree and did not have a valid pharmacy licence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15483947", "title": "Overloaded school buses a concern", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With overloading issues far from being resolved, the safety of children traveling to their respective schools on buses and vans continues to be a concern for parents. Despite the district traffic police initiating steps in conjunction with the district transport office a few months ago to check overloading vehicles, there has been no visible difference.The parents and transport officials claim that the issue will never be resolved without effective cooperation from school administrations. \"The schools should come forward and order vehicles to abide by transportation rules. After all, it is a matter that concerns the safety of our children,\" said Kadma resident Vasundhara Parmanik, an entrepreneur and mother of two children who go to school in an autorickshaw.The schools, on the other hand, said their intervention will only complicate the issue. \"Basically, our jurisdiction is limited to the school campus. The most we can do is appeal to the transporters to adhere to the rules,\" said a convent school principal.Meanwhile, citing potential loss of revenue, the pick-up van owners said that a limit of 15 and 20 children in autorickshaw and vans, respectively, should be permissible. \"In our petition to the deputy commissioner recenty, we asked him to allow us carry 15 and 20 children on autorickshaws and vans,\" said a functionary of Jamshedpur Autorickshaw and Vans Union (JAVU). Currently, the pick-up vans and auto-rickshaws charge Rs 500 per child every month.A delegation of parents last week submitted a memorandum to the district administration to address the issue and ensure transporters toe the line. \"According to the Jharkhand Education Tribunal, the permissible limit is six and 10 children for autorickshaws and vans, respectively and this is what we want from the administration to implement,\" said Jamshedpur Parents Association functionary Dr Umesh.DSP (traffic) G N Singh said, \"We have planned a campaign to check the overloading issue afresh from August 16,\" he said. There are over 400 vehicles engaged in schoolchildren transportation business. \"The department is working on a consensus number - 12 and 16 children limit on auto-rickshaws and vans, respectively. Hopefully, the transporters will agree to it,\" said a traffic police source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15485571", "title": "Movement for special status for Goa team to meet CM on special status", "text": "MAPUSA: The NGO 'Movement for special status for Goa' (MSSG) held a preparatory meeting and finalized a delegation which will meet chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday. MSSG members will hold talks with Parrikar on the eve of his visit to Delhi to meet the Prime Minister seeking special status for Goa.MSSG is demanding Article 371 (I) of the Constitution be amended, among other things to incorporate powers for the legislative assembly to legislate in order to protect resources of Goa.The meeting discussed various demands for the betterment of Goa to be conveyed to Parrikar. MSSG has also prepared a memorandum to be submitted to the chief minister stating the various needs for Goa under special status.\"The delegation meeting Parriakr will comprise historian Prajal Sakhardande, MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco, forest minister Alina Saldanha, urban development minister Francis D'Souza and other citizens,\" said MSSG's convener Antonio Lobo.Parrikar will meet the Prime Minister on August 17 and will urge him to consider special status for Goa under Article 371.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15484574", "title": "MNS team of experts to study Nashik projects", "text": "NASHIK: Chief of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) Raj Thackeray said a team of experts in his party would be sent from Mumbai to study the projects in Nashik and give a feedback to him within a month. Thackeray was briefing the media about his plans for the city on Monday.Thackeray was in the city to discuss the plans for various projects with his party workers and the officials of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). For this a team of experts in MNS will be studying all the projects of the city and suggest the necessary things to be done for those. These team members are experts in their respective fields and part of the MNS in Mumbai.Thackeray said reservation of plots of land would be dealt with on a priority basis. He said he has asked for a detailed report of land reservations within two days. \"It has to be done phase-wise. The development and beautification of the city are close to my heart. Next month the team of experts will be studying islands, open spaces, gardens, and all other projects. They will submit their observations and suggestions in a month. So in a month's time, I will have many solutions for various projects,\" said Thackeray.On the failure of most of the projects in the city, Thackeray said Nashik's citizens will see all the works step by step. Now onwards the quality of work of the contractors will be seen. For this contractors who have done works on a large scale will be given a chance,\"the MNS chief said.On the recent violence in Mumbai he alleged home minister R R Patil failed to provide security to the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15484823", "title": "Man lures 5-year-old with gifts, \u2018rapes\u2019 her", "text": "KOLKATA: On a day the kidnap and gang-rape of a woman in Chetla came to the fore, another shocking assault - in which a five-year-old fell victim to the lust of a 40-year-old - in Rajabazar has left the city jittery.While there are many keeping faith in Kolkata as the safest city for women , incidents like this shake that trust. There have been a string of rapes in last six months or so in the city and its suburbs.In this latest incident, the middle-aged suspect, Imtiaz, took advantage of the child's trust to rape her. She used to take tuitions from a relative of the accused and lived in the same building.Police say that the 40-year-old lured the girl with gifts and then raped her on Friday.On Monday, the judge at the Sealdah court, where the case is being heard, talked to the child for about an hour to get an idea of the incident and recorded her statement. It is learnt that the victim, still struck with the terror, was unable to speak properly with the judge.Imtiaz has been remanded in police custody till August 21.The victim - a student of Class I - lives in a one-room flat with her parents and two sisters. On the third floor of the same building lives Imtiaz. She used to go the house daily to take tuitions.According to the girl's father, Imtiaz forcibly took her into his room around noon on Friday and raped her. He threatened to beat up the already traumatized girl if she dared speak to anyone about it.The child kept quiet out of sheer terror but broke down before her mother at night and narrated ordeal. Her parents immediately took her to NRS Medical College to get her treated. She was examined for rape and other injuries sustained in the assault. Her father then lodged a complaint with police.Meanwhile, the accused had fled but he returned home on Saturday. The police were waiting for him and took him into custody.Atiya Mushtaq, member of the state social welfare board who went to meet the victim, said: \"The girl is very much traumatized. I gifted her some toys but she was in no mood to open the gifts. She is not in a position to talk and I think she needs proper psychological counseling to get back to normalcy.\"An officer of Narkeldanga police station said that they have started a case of \"attempt to rape\" against the accused since the medical report did not confirm of rape though injury marks were found. The confessional statement of the accused was recorded in court on Monday. \"We plan to file the chargesheet within a fortnight and start the trial in a fast-track court so that the accused can be punished,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15484820", "title": "Immersion nightmare forces idols to shrink", "text": "KOLKATA: Gone are the days when craftsmen showed off their skills by erecting huge idols of goddess Durga. But over the last two or three years, those gigantic idols above 12 feet have vanished from the narrow dingy lanes of Banamali Sarkar Street, popularly known as Kumartuli. This was done after the local Shyampukur police sent a circular across the workshops in Kumartuli, asking them not to make such enormous idols.Following this communique from the police, puja committee members have also stopped placing orders for idols that are more than 12 feet in height, said the craftsmen of Kumartuli.\"We have stopped making 15-foot-high idols. At the most, we build 12-foot-high idols. Previously we used to make at least 10 idols that were higher than 15 feet every year. But ever since we got the police's circular, we have stopped making idols that are higher than 12 feet,\" said Tapas Rudra Pal while avidly painting an idol at the Mohanbashi Rudra Pal workshop. The communique was issued as the police would face a harrowing time during immersions every year. The huge idols would often get stuck in the overhead tramline wires and other cables, making life difficult for the police.Kartik Pal's workshop, too, does not have an idol higher than 12 feet. He said orders for huge Durga idols have started going down in the last four to five years. \"Idols higher than 12 feet are made in workshops at Ultadanga and Kidderpore where this stricture is not applicable,\" he said. Busy giving shape to the face of an idol, Kartik said the average price of a 12-foot-high idol is around Rs 65,000. \"Price varies according to the decoration of the idol and its pattern.\"The craftsmen said this stricture on the height of idols has been issued only in Kumartuli where the bulk of Durga idols is produced. Production in all the other places across the city is minuscule.Big idols are often made inside the pandals, pointed out Debojyoti Pal. \"That's a good way of bypassing the rule,\" he said.The puja committees, too, echoed the craftsmen. Avijit Majumder, general secretary of Singhi Park, said: \"Abiding by the law, our idol is 12 feet in height. The decoration on the backdrop of the idol is sometimes higher. But that can be folded during the immersion procession. Previously we have even had 15 to 16 feet high idols.\"Another popular puja committee, Ekdalia Evergreen club, still has idols higher than 12 feet every year. \"Our idols are usually between 15 and 16 feet in height,\" said Rajpal Singh, joint-convener of the Ekdalia Evergreen puja committee. \"We source them from Ultadanga,\" said the other joint-convener Ashish Chowdhury.Last year, the Salt Lake FD Block Puja Committee had a 14.5-metre-high Durga idol, but it was not immersed. It was dismantled on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15484685", "title": "Moderate rains expose civic chink", "text": "JAIPUR: Mild to moderate showers that lashed the city and city outskirts forced the mercury to take a dip on Monday evening. Though the pleasant weather led to many coming out of their homes, it also affected vehicular traffic and normal life. Jaipur witnessed a rainfall of 26.6 mm till 5.30 pm in the evening.The downpour that started in the morning and continued till late evening created traffic chaos on major roads in the city including MI Road, Statue Circle, Tonk Road and Khatipura. A complete jam was witnessed from Bais Godam till JDA Circle. Water logging throughout the city also created problems for the commuters.However, many were seen enjoying the pleasant weather till late evening. Hang out joints including Gauarv Tower, Statue Circle and other places were overcrowded. Jal Mahal was a favourite spot among families.\"The weather has been pleasant in the city for almost a week since last Sunday. Hopefully the weather condition will continue to be the same for some more time so we can enjoy,\" said Ankur Gupta, an IT employee.Following the rainfall Jaipur's maximum temperature dropped by at least 5 degrees with the city recording below 30 degrees Celsius in the evening.The showers also brought to light the mismanagement of civic authorities. Water-logged roads, blocked drains and roads added woes.The main city roads witnessed long queues of vehicles and traffic policemen had to put in extra efforts to make the traffic smooth. Traffic was also badly affected on flyovers including Jhotwara and Tonk Road due to the dilapidated road condition.The Met office in its forecast has reported that light to moderate rainfall will continue in the city in the next 24 hours. Met office added that outskirts of Jaipur including Shahpura and Kotputli will also receive showers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15485050", "title": "Pupils back ex-students for senate", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Having failed all these years to have an official participation in Panjab University's highest decision making body -- senate, student leaders have now found an alternative.A host of old student leaders and PU graduates are being strongly supported by these students active in politics on campus. From promising students 'better hostel facilities' to 'attendance relief' and frequent student trips, these candidates are eyeing their major chunk of voters - the students.\"We have been actively canvassing for our old leaders. If student representatives have a say in the PU senate it is a big victory for them. From getting voters registered to canvassing for them, we are doing all,\" says Arshbir Johal, a student leader.In the past, student council president could only attend the proceedings of senate and was a mere witness. Participation of students in important student related issues had been a long-pending demand of various student bodies.The issue was even raised in the senate on several occasions in last few years, but in vain.However, now with senate polls being hosted after ritualistic four years, students have a chance of putting forth their candidate.Key student parties including Students' Organization of Panjab University (SOPU), Panjab University Students Union (PUSU), Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) have been aggressively supporting their candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15487625", "title": "Sensex sheds 21 points ahead of inflation data", "text": "MUMBAI: In range-bound movement, the BSE benchmark Sensex on Tuesday declined by nearly 21 points in early trade ahead of July inflation data amid profit-booking by speculators.The 30-share barometer, which has gained 75.71 points on Monday, fell by 20.43 points, or 0.12 per cent, to 17,613.02, with stocks of realty, capital goods and healthcare sectors falling on profit-booking.Similarly, the wide-based National Stock Exchange index Nifty fell by 8.30 points, or 0.16 per cent, to 5,339.60.Brokers said besides profit-booking after Monday's gains, cautious approach adopted by participants ahead of the July inflation numbers to be released later on Tuesday, mainly influenced the trading sentiments.They, however, said a better trend in the Asian region limited the losses here. In Asian region, Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was up by 0.85 per cent, while Japan's Nikkei Index rose 0.52 per cent. The US Dow Jones Industrial Average had ended 0.29 per cent lower in Monday's trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15486214", "title": "\u2018Swarm\u2019 tech can lower cost of drone production", "text": "WASHINGTON: Boeing engineers have created a new technology that can significantly lower operating costs of drones and allow them to function like a 'swarm of insects', completing tasks quickly by communicating and acting together. Researchers from Johns Hopkins University tested the 'swarm' technology in Oregon for several days in June, using two ScanEagle UAVs, Boeing said.An operator on the ground, using only a laptop and a military radio, can command an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) swarm, task them and obtain information without using a ground control station.\"Swarm network technology has the potential to offer more missions at less risk and lower operating costs,\" said Gabriel Santander , programme director of Advanced Autonomous Networks for Boeing Phantom Works. \"This may one day enable warfighters in battle to request and receive time-critical intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance information directly from airborne UAVs much sooner,\" Santander said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15484495", "title": "Jawed Usmani may quit as UP chief secretary", "text": "LUCKNOW: With UP chief secretary Jawed Usmani extending his leave by another week, bureaucratic circles were abuzz with the speculation that the 1978 batch IAS officer may be headed out of UP on a central deputation.Usmani, who is now in the US, is said to have extended his leave citing high blood pressure and a head injury. In mid-July, Usmani had sought 15 days' leave and was expected to join by August 6, but extended his leave till August 13. And after that he has extended it by another seven days. Usmani, who is a product of IIM Ahmedabad and the London School of Economics , had for sometime now been finding it difficult to operate independently in UP's highly politicised bureaucratic system, sources said.He had joined with a lot of hope, but within months had felt hemmed in.With the chief secretary away for almost a month at a crucial time, speculation grew louder that the senior bureaucrat, disillusioned with UP's style of functioning, is looking towards Delhi. He has not been able to attend some recent key meetings with chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, including one on UP's contribution to the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor. VK Sharma, a 1976 batch IAS officer, is officiating in Usmani's place. At present posted as chairman, board of revenue, Sharma is the senior-most IAS officer in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15485481", "title": "Look-out notice against senior cop\u2019s daughter", "text": "CHENNAI: Central Crime Branch (CCB) sleuths have issued a look-out notice against the daughter of a senior police officer, who was named along with her father in a land-grabbing case. CCB sources she is believed to be living abroad with her family.Sources at the CCB said: \"We have asked officials at all airports to inform CCB if she arrives in India as she is wanted in connection with a land-grabbing cases pending with them.\"Former additional director general of police (ADGP) K Thukkaiandi, who was holding the post of chief vigilance officer of the State Express Transport Corporation, was suspended after a land-grab case was filed against him. He was suspended a day before he was due to retire.The charge against Thukkaiandi is that he acquired two plots in Neelankarai, totally measuring 10 grounds (one ground is 2,400 sq ft), using forged documents in 2007. The plots were 'bought' in the name of his wife T Subbulakshmi from M Dhanalakshmi, who claimed she held the power of attorney status on the property. The power of attorney status, however, was fake, it is alleged. The two plots were later gifted to Thukkaiandi's daughters Yobu and Yamini.The government acted against the official based on a complaint from M Rajaiah, who claims to be the actual land owner, in April this year.Thukkaiandi lives with his wife in Neelankarai. Till the inquiry is over, he cannot leave the city without written permission from the state home secretary.Meanwhile, directorate of vigilance and Anti-Corruption ( DVAC) officials have conducted surprise check at Thukkaiandi's house and his relatives' houses in Chennai.Thukkaiandi was one of the key police officers involved in registering a wealth case against the present chief minister J Jayalalithaa and her aide Sasikalaa Natarajan during the DMK regime (1996-2001).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15485054", "title": "100-feet loop to set traffic congestion right", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 100 feet wide loop will be constructed after extending Shanti Path and Vikas Marg around Rehabilitation Colony for smooth flow of traffic. Besides, a 100 feet wide road will come up along Patiala ki Rao to connect to Madhya Marg.This will help smoothen flow of traffic on the two key arteries of the city that run parallel from east to west. Connecting the two stretches will help in reducing traffic congestion.The urban planning department has already worked out the detailed plan for laying of the new roads and a provision for these will be made in the master plan. \"Vikas Marg has witnessed massive growth in traffic and in recent years the effort has been to divert all heavy vehicles on it,\" said a UT official. To tackle growing inter-state traffic, which is leading to bottlenecks at several places in the city, UT and Greater Mohali Area Development Authority (GMADA) have already decided to extend Vikas Marg into Mohali.The connecting roads in Mohali will be widened to accommodate the growing number of vehicles coming from Chandigarh. According to a recent survey, more than four lakh vehicles enter Chandigarh from Mohali and Panchkula daily.A plan prepared by GMADA was placed on record at a recent meeting with officials of the UT urban planning department. The plan stated, \"Wide roads have been proposed which will link with Dakshin Marg and Vikas Marg if extended.\"UT had taken up the issue of extension of the main roads of Chandigarh, including Shanti Path into Mohali in November, 2011, for reducing pressure on other arteries of the city. Vikas Marg which runs north of sectors 48-49 ends in Mohali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15486517", "title": "Weather comes a \u2018cropper\u2019", "text": "KOCHI: Researchers at the Department of Agricultural Meteorology , Kerala Agricultural University, who have been studying the impact of changing weather pattern on crops in Kerala for more than a decade have reported a decline in the quantity and quality of plantation crops such as cashew, coconut and coffee.\"The shift in rainfall from the monsoon months of June and July has resulted in temperatures rising and changing Kerala's climate from 'wet' to 'dry' . This has affected the production and productivity of crops. In the case of coconut, we have taken the global and mean average of production in the 80s and 90s and found that there has been a drop of nearly 1.6% in total production . There was a rise in temperature in the state in the 80s which was very pronounced ,\" said Dr G S L H V Prasada Rao, the head of the Department of Agricultural Meteorology, Kerala Agricultural University.The heavy wet spells in the non-intense months of August or September affect the crops which need to get the rainfall at the appropriate time, he said.The studies by the university found that the production and productivity of cardamom has also been hit by dry spells that have been occurring frequently . \"There is a strong relationship between dry spells and cardamom production. Such a drop in production is leading to people cutting down on cultivation. The low yield of cashew has been attributed to the weather aberrations as the crop is highly weather sensitive . The other crops in the declining category are black pepper and coffee,\" he said.\"Despite coconut production is being promoted by the Coconut Development Board through several programmes, the production has been stagnating with a 2% decline in production,\" he said.Black pepper farming, meanwhile, has come down by 24% in nine years. \"The changing temperatures in the otherwise tropical climate has resulted in such sharp variation ,\" he said. In its country report on climate change to the UN, the Ministry of Environment and Forests has suggested that the yields of wheat, chickpea, green gram, pigeon pea, soybean, tomato and potato can be enhanced to between 14% and 27% under controlled conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "15484733", "title": "Defeat fails to dampen Manpreet\u2019s spirit", "text": "GND STADIUM: The defeat in the final match of state-level table tennis tournament has failed to beat the morale of Manpreet Singh Sarwaha, a resident of Civil Lines. What makes him happy is the fact that he trounced some state champions in the match.\"It's a memorable tournament, as I defeated some state champs with satisfactory margins. I defeated Hitesh Dogra, Vikas Mahajan and Ajay Thukral of Jalandhar and Vikram Aditya of Amritsar. They are all experienced players. I learned so much while playing with them,\" said Manpreet.\"In the final match, Roopam of Jalandhar defeated me. But I am happy with my overall performance,\" he smiled.\"I started playing the game nine years ago at Shastri Hall under coach Suresh Sharma. Every day I spend five hours practicing because I want to be an international player. But a lot needs to be done to boost the game. Table tennis infrastructure needs to be upgraded and players encouraged,\" he added.With his eyes set on national-level championship, Manpreet, 21, a student of MA (economics), said, \"For long the city has not produced a national TT champ in men's category... I want to clinch a national title soon. Table tennis is a game of stamina and so my main focus is a fit body. I practice at GND Stadium.\"His coach said, \"It's a good achievement for Manpreet and I hope he will clinch a national title too. The city has produced a state woman champ, Nirdosh Sood. Manpreet, too, will make us proud.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15485006", "title": "Bangladeshi gets new lease of life in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Abdul Mannan, 48, is not as unfortunate as Vilasrao Deshmukh who is still looking for a liver for transplant surgery that is awaited in the absence of a donor. For Abdul has been salvaged from Hepatitis C by a liver transplant. This has been first live donor liver transplant in the north of Delhi. As a part of the surgical procedure, Abdul had to stay without liver for 30 minutes until his wife's part of the organ was stitched back to give him life. Abdul travelled all the way from Bangladesh for the surgery to Mohali where he was operated upon.\"I had been living miserably with end stage cirrhosis and had no hope of survival. But the blood group and the size of the liver matched with my wife's,\" said Abdul.The surgery had been performed a month ago at a private hospital in Mohali. \"The patient is doing fine as it takes 6 weeks to 3 months for the liver to regenerate. After an experience of 10 years of cadaver transplant, we have now started on a living donor which is not preferable as it involves surgery on both the donor and the recipient,\" said Dr Subba Rao V Kanchustambam, chief liver transplant surgeon at the hospital.Explaining about the procedure, the surgeon said, \"It is a complicated surgery as the entire liver from the recipient is removed. After various tests, the diseased portion is cut off and the recipient's healthy liver piece is stitched along. The portion regenerates after sometime and becomes a part of the liver lobe.\"Though Mannan had to shell out around Rs 20 lakh for the surgery, he recovered from liver cancer too which was picked up during all his transplant tests. \"As a part of the liver which had the cancer was removed,\" said the operating surgeon.The first liver transplant in the PGI was conducted on April 15, last year. But the liver was harvested from a brain dead person-cadaver. However, this proved to be unsuccessful as the patient developed complications and did not survive. Though after this three more transplants have been conducted successfully in the PGI, none of them were from a live donor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484579", "title": "Don\u2019t punish legal heirs under benami law: Panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: The parliamentary standing committee on finance has asked the government to remove a clause in the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Bill 2011 that seeks to prosecute the legal heir after the death of an accused.The panel asked the government to include Jammu &amp; Kashmir under the purview of the benami prevention bill and also make a reference in the bill to the mandate derived from United Nations Convention Against Corruption to make it clear that the various provisions of the bill have an international basis.The committee said that the government may consider confiscating benami properties but should not send legal heirs to jail as punishment for what their parents had done.The committee recommended that the government should review Clause 41 and amend it suitably so that innocent legal heirs are protected against proceedings under the proposed Act.\"As regards punishment for prohibited benami transactions, the maximum punishment of imprisonment of two years as proposed in the bill is lesser than the maximum punishment of three years under the existing Act,\" the panel observed.It recommended stiffer punishment so that it would work as a deterrent for others while seeking to re-tain the three years punishment clause.The panel, headed by former finance minister and senior BJP leader Yashwant Sinha, objected to a clause where the bill empowers the government to exempt any property from the operation of the proposed Act which the central government may by notification exempt.\"The committee is of the view that though every notification to be issued under Clause 31(1) would be laid before each House of Parliament, an exhaustive list of parameters for being eligible for exemption under Clause 31 may be provided by way of rules. Accordingly, the said clause may suitably be amended,\" the panel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15486468", "title": "High drama at Trichy airport as A-I flight fails to arrive", "text": "TRICHY: There was huge drama at Trichy airport since Sunday midnight as about 108 passengers bound for Singapore had to loiter inside the security hold of the airport for about 16 hours beyond scheduled time of departure. They had booked themselves on Air India Express IX-682 flight to Singapore that would normally take off from Trichy at 3.30 am, an hour after landing from Chennai.The Chennai-Trichy-Singapore midnight flight (IX-681) starts from Chennai and lands at Trichy at 2.30 am. On Monday morning, the flight IX 681 was airborne on its way to Trichy, but for some reason best known to the control tower and cockpit crew, it was diverted back to Chennai. Air India Express area manager Prahaladan told TOI, \"It was a technical fault necessitating the diversion back to Chennai.\"Since the crew must be rested compulsorily, the captain and the crew signed off for the day at Chennai. The beleaguered Air India Express management had multiple dilemmas as they had to cancel some sector in order to carry 108 Trichy passengers to Singapore as they were becoming \"uncontrollable in Trichy airport.\" As there was no definite word on the exact time of arrival of the flight from Chennai, the passengers grew restless, and there were complaints that they were not treated well. \"I did not get milk for my child in the morning as I was not allowed to go out,\" said a passenger over the phone. More importantly, some passengers who were smokers were peeved that they could not enjoy a drag. While they demanded accommodation owing to delay of flight, Air India tried to explain to them that the low cost flight did not entail such perks. \"We served them breakfast, lunch and tea, and they were taken care of well to the best of our ability. But despite all this, they made a big scene,\" Prahaladan, who is also chairman of Trichy Airline Operators Committee (AOC), told TOI.According to terminal manager Kumarasamy, the smoking passengers were squirming in discomfort as they could not smoke in the security hold. \"If they have to come to the 15X20 feet smoking lounge adjacent to the terminal manager's room they would not be allowed to go inside again as per security norms. However, after much deliberation, and since the flight was inordinately delayed,the smokers were allowed to the smokers' room as frequently as they wanted to as a special case. \"It was after this relaxation of rule that the passengers were pacified a little,\" Kumarasamy explained.Finally, the passengers were carried in a flight around 3.20 pm on Monday. As many as 20 of the 36 passengers, who had been booked on IX-681 were taken directly to Singapore via other airlines, while the 16 went transiting through Trichy. Later, the 186-capacity flight left with 124 passengers from Trichy on Monday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15485319", "title": "Test for oil seepage at IOC Nallur pump", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Experts from Indian Oil Corporation will conduct a pressure test at its petrol pump in Nallur to ascertain whether there is oil seepage from there. District collector K V Mohankumar said the test would be conducted in the presence of ADM K P Ramadevi within a week.There was a protest by people here a couple of days ago alleging that seepage from the petrol pump had polluted around 20 wells in the area. The well in government Ganapath UP School at Ambalappady too is said to be polluted. It is following this protest that the test is being conducted.The collector said it had been made clear to IOC that if the test confirmed there was oil leakage, then the outlet would have to pay compensation to the residents in the area. The pollution control board had confirmed the presence of oil in the well water after a preliminary investigation, he said.\"We have submitted a report on the presence of oil in drinking water to the revenue principal secretary. A decision on further action will be taken after the test,\" said the collector.The Feroke grama panchayat authorities said that a meeting convened by the panchayat two days ago had entrusted IOC to supply drinking water to the houses whose wells had been contaminated.Officials of Feroke primary health centre said a test conducted by the Centre for Water Resources Development and Management had confirmed the presence of oil in the well water in Ganapath school.\"The normal level of oil content per litre of water is 10mg. In the sample taken from the school, there was 49.6mg oil per litre,\" said K K Moideen Kutty, junior health inspector, Feroke primary health centre.Health officials have directed the school authorities not to use the well water. \"We have collected samples from seven wells and sent them for testing to government analytical lab at Malaparamba,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15484986", "title": "Octopus gets new headquarters", "text": "HYDERABAD: After a series of teething troubles, Organisation for Counter Terrorist Operations (Octopus), the elite counter-terrorist commando force of the state police, finally got its new headquarters. Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy inaugurated the three-storied building of Octopus in Begumpet on Monday. The state-of-the-art facility was built at a cost of Rs five crore in a span of just six months by the AP Police Housing Corporation (APPHC).Octopus has a sanctioned strength of 1,097 members and 500 of them are well-trained commandos. Around 100 commandos are currently posted at Tirumala. During the inauguration, the building, which is located right next to the CM's camp office, was seen guarded by Colt assault rifles-toting commandos clad in black fatigues with yellow lettered Octopus badge on the left arm sleeve and AP Police badge on the right sleeve.Octopus, which is currently headed by additional DG N V Surendra Babu, has been divided into operations wing, training wing, administration and logistics wing. After the merger of the intelligence wing with the counter-intelligence (CI) cell in 2010, the Octopus has become a dedicated commando force. In addition to the commando team at the headquarters in Hyderabad, the elite force, trained on the lines of National Security Guard (NSG), would have three teams located at various parts of the state as per the directions of the DGP.At the inaugural ceremony, the commandos displayed their skills in house intervention, hostage rescue and Israeli combat technique 'Krav Maga'. Each Octopus operation team would comprise a commando unit as well as a bomb disposal unit. All the commandos would be wearing a bullet proof vest and will be provided fire arms of a wide range, including Colt assualt rifles, Glock pistols and Steyr Mannlicher sniper rifles.Cabinet ministers P Sabita Indra Reddy, J Geeta Reddy, Mukesh Goud, Danam Nagender, chief secretary Minnie Mathew, DGP V Dinesh Reddy and other top police officials were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15483862", "title": "Teen from tribal hamlet wows New York with documentary", "text": "THANE: Jayashree Karpade's (15) lanky frame and naive village girl looks could be dismissed as something natural among girls of her age in the development-starved tribal taluka of Wada in Thane. The school dropout, however, stands apart from others, having won global appreciation for her documentary on the struggle faced by brick kiln workers' children.Kharpade's 27-minute documentary, which delves into the lives of the girls from her community, where survival is a huge struggle, has won accolades in New York recently.The documentary titled 'Fire in our hearts', won the 'One to Watch' award at the Asian American Festival held in the US recently.\"The film touched hearts as it reflected the tough times faced by girls in this part of the world. Kharpade was competing with children from across the globe who made short films on various topics. She captured the lives and the struggle of her family and girls of her age in the tribal hamlet. It won her global adulation,'' said Umesh Pashte, principal of the Eklavya Parivartan Vidyalaya in Wada.The Vidyalaya here is unique as most of its students, especially girls, learn to handle the slate and pencil at a much later stage, having first graduated at brick kilns or doing laborious task in the paddy fields, assisting their family.Karpade's story was no different. Having forced to drop out of school at a tender age after the death of her mother in 2008, the 11-year-old then had to double as a mother-sister and cook to her younger siblings and father who was employed as a daily wager at the local brick kiln.A New York-based NGO By Kids is said to have assisted Karpade in the project and a team of documentary film makers and camera professionals stayed in Wada, training Karpade on how to handle the camera and walk the talk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15483887", "title": "Air shuttle service in Gujarat to take wing from Aug 20", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Soon you will be able to reach Surat or Jamnagar from Ahmedabad in just an hour. Deccan Charters Ltd will launch their non-scheduled chartered flight services in Gujarat under the brand name of Deccan Shuttle from August 20.Sources said that the charges for one hour flight are likely to be kept around Rs 4,000. The charges would be in the proportion of 15 minutes, the sources said.An official communique from Deccan said that the service aims at connecting the key economic zones in Gujarat, Ahmedabad, Surat, Jamnagar, Bhavnagar and Kandla. The Deccan Shuttle will operate 12 daily flights. \"The services are scheduled to commence from August 20 and will initially be operational on Ahmedabad-Surat-Bhavnagar route, the Ahmedabad-Kandla route will be made operational from August 27 and Ahmedabad-Jamnagar route will be added subsequently,\" said the communique.Through this initiative, Deccan Charters Ltd will identify tourist, industrial and other important clusters that are not served by airlines and provide customized charter flight services. This service aims at providing improved connectivity to the important industrial hubs in Gujarat, for the value conscious business community, while saving time and enhancing business for them, said the communique.Deccan Shuttle has plans to operate Ahmedabad-Kandla, Ahmedabad-Jamnagar, Ahmedabad-Surat and Surat-Bhavnagar flights, said the sources.The advisory issued by Deccan Shuttle states that aircraft will not have lavatory facilities on board. It, however, wants the travelers to utilize the facilities available at the airport prior to departure of the flight. That apart, the shuttle will only allow cabin baggage and weight not exceeding five kg. Passengers can check-in free of charge up to 10 kg of checked baggage. Baggage in excess of 10 kg is subject to a fee of Rs 200 per kg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15484304", "title": "DMs, SSPs to be held accountable for communal flare-ups: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: With Bareilly still under the grip of communal strife, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday said that the district magistrates and district police chiefs will be directly responsible for any communal flare-up or upsurge in crime under their respective jurisdiction.Talking to media persons after a review meeting in the city, the chief minister said the government had made it clear that laxity by the police or the administrative officers in containing crime or controlling communal flare-ups will lead to severe penal action. Referring to the curfew in Bareilly, he said senior officials have been directed to keep a close watch on developments and provide reinforcement as per the need.Meanwhile, authorities deployed additional police and para-military forces in the trouble-hit areas of Baradari, Prem Nagar, Qila and Kotwali police circles of the city where curfew had to be clamped late on Saturday night following fresh violence that began after a Janmashtami procession deviated from its fixed route and was stopped by some persons in Jagatpur Panwaria locality under Baradari police station. As a result of this, violence broke out in the adjoining Kalibari area, Prem Nagar and Qila localities of the communally sensitive district in which five persons including a woman and her son were critically wounded.In the follow-up action that was initiated, the in charge of the Baradari police station was removed from the post while four sub inspectors of police were suspended and preliminary inquiry initiated against three of their colleagues. The penal action was initiated on charges of negligence leading to a law and order crises.District Magistrate Abhishek Prakash said all educational institutions in the district will remain closed till further orders.He said directives had been issued to all supervisory officers on law and order duty to relax curfew in their respective areas but strictly on need basis including medical emergencies. SSP Satyendra Veer Singh said 200-odd people had been rounded up till Monday evening in connection with the riots of whom 48 persons were booked for willful violation of prohibitory orders under which curfew has been imposed in four police circles of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15485104", "title": "Book to stir up patriotic fervour", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ahead of Independence Day, a city resident Ramesh Bal, 76, will 'release' a book written by his grandfather Mahashey Chander Kavi, a freedom fighter in 1919, while he was lodged in the Lahore Central Jail. The book describes the treatment meted out by the British to Indians.Though his real name was Ram Chander, he was popularly known as Mahashey Chander Kavi. The book has several patriotic songs and poems penned by him.Ramesh Bal said that his grandfather, who is known for his poetry, gave a hard-hitting speech on the need to break the shackles of slavery in Lahore. This infuriated the British, and he was arrested and put behind bars, he said. On the second day of his custody, he was transferred to the Lahore Central Jail and was kept there for about eight months. It was during this period that he wrote a book titled, \"Jail Geet.\" The book has 45 patriotic songs and about five poems, revealed Bal, a retired government employee.Chander Kavi passed away soon after coming out of the jail in December 1919.All his 14 books, which are written in Hindi and Urdu and also have a smattering Arabic and Persian words, are written under the name of Mahashey Chander Kavi. Bal said that the book was published two times in 1920 but there is no available copy of it. Then again in 1929, the book was published and Bal managed to get a copy of this.Now after 93 years he has decided to again release the book so that people get to know how Indians were treated in jails and how the British tortured Indians. The book would also bring to light the kind of words and vocabulary used in those days. Bal will release this book at MCM college in Sector 36 on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15485631", "title": "Laadli forms to be available at banks: Government", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Monday directed the state government to file an affidavit by August 16 stating the names of banks in which the application forms for the Laadli Laxmi scheme would be made available to the public.A division bench comprising Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre passed the order on a petition filed by Steffi Fernandes challenging the requirement of signing the Laadli Laxmi scheme application form only before an MLA or MP.During the hearing, advocate general Atmaram Nadkarni argued that as per the scheme, the applicants have a choice of signing the application forms before an MLA or a designated officer and not exclusively before an MLA, as alleged by the petitioner. Besides, the government has recently decided to make the application forms available at banks, he added.The Bench, thereafter, directed the government to file an affidavit specifying the names of the banks where the forms have been made available. The court also asked the government to make it clear in the affidavit whether the requirement of the signature of an MLA or MP was mandatory or not.The petitioner had stated that this requirement of signature by an MLA or MP should be declared void as it is opposed to public policy. Terming such a requirement to be \"entirely arbitrary\", the petitioner stated that that the forms could have been signed in the presence of any government-designated officer of the taluka, panchayat or municipality. She has also prayed that a direction be issued to the state government to make the forms available to the public in sufficient numbers and without any restrictions.The court will hear the petition further on August 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15485231", "title": "Work on phase I of LNG pipeline nearing completion", "text": "KOCHI: Gas Authority of India Limited (GAIL) has completed the laying of LNG pipeline through the SmartCity area and is set to complete the work through the Naval Armament Depot (NAD) compound by month end. GAIL had to suspend this project for over six months following objections from the officials of the SmartCity and NAD on safety grounds.While the objections raised by the SmartCity were resolved through talks mediated by the state government couple of weeks back, the defence ministry gave the formal clearance for laying the pipeline through the NAD only a couple of days back.\"We started the work at NAD three days back and would complete it by month end. The service buildings for these pipelines would be ready by mid-September,'' GAIL deputy general manager K P Ramesh told TOI. With this the first phase of the GAIL pipeline project to carry gas from the Petronet LNG terminal coming up at Puthuvype would be ready for launch, he said.The total length of the pipeline in this phase would be about 40 km. LNG will be carried to the industrial customers in the suburbs of Kochi like FACT, Bharat Petroleum Cochin Refineries Limited, HOC and TCC and to the 165mw BSES power station.The delays in the completion of the pipelines had raised doubts about the date of the commissioning of the LNG terminal.\"Even though we will be ready with the infrastructure to carry gas to these customers, it might take some more time before these industries get ready to use the gas. They have to set up the equipment to shift from their current source of fuel to gas,'' said Ramesh.Under the second phase, gas would be carried from Puthuvype to Mangalore and Bangalore. \"The land acquisition process for this has already begun,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15485619", "title": "1 cop for 1,000 people; community policing the solution", "text": "BANGALORE: With two double murders reported in the city in 10 days, people's confidence in the law enforcement machinery is at an all-time low.Police officers, though, point to the huge manpower deficiency, citing in their support the existing ratio of one policeman for every 1,000 people.However, some police officers believe the future is not all that grim and there certainly is a solution to bring down crime - community policing. Emphasizing citizen involvement in crime prevention, community policing aims at creating local action groups. Even regular conversations with one's neighbours will go a great way in combating crime, police say.\"To start with, there needs to be good communication among people of the same locality. Take the example of the recent JP Nagar double murder. Neighbours didn't even know the couple was lying dead in the house for three days. People need to be aware of their locality,\" said a senior officer.The 'personal cop'A pilot project in community policing is still underway in Bangalore, but the biggest hurdle has been the lack of awareness among people and their support. \"We have created a sub-system where policemen are allotted parts of their station's jurisdictional areas. These policemen mingle with people and become 'personal cops',\" said T Suneel Kumar, additional commissioner of police (law and order). 'Personal cops' are put on regular sub-beats where they become acquaintances with residents.Ramesh Ramanathan of Janaagraha, an NGO, said there has been some progress in creating a community policing system. But Bangalore is still way behind Kerala, where the system even has a legal mandate, he added.\"There has been a lot of interest among senior officials. But we need at least three years to implement community policing effectively,\" he said.Janaagraha is working with the city police and has started a core group with three retired DGPs Ajai Kumar Singh, R Ramesh and Tharakan to effectively implement community policing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15485141", "title": "Corporation to be set up to build greenfield e-ways", "text": "NEW DELHI: The highways ministry is planning to set up a corporation for building Greenfield expressways across the country. The move comes after the ministry shelved its earlier plan of floating an autonomous authority on the lines of NHAI.Government sources said that the idea of corporation has found the favour since this can be started with an administrative order after getting Cabinet approval. Whereas setting up of an authority would have required a legislation to be passed in Parliament and it would have taken more time.Sources said considering the ministry's thrust to fast track Delhi-Jaipur expressway project, it would soon seek government approval for floating the corporation. In that case, the projects to be bid out by the corporation won't get any government assistance in the form of viability gap funding (VGF). At present, upto 40% VGF is allowed in the case of all highway projects bid out by NHAI.\"We have a massive target of building expressways. Considering the scarcity of land in urban areas for expansion of existing highway stretches, we have to build more expressways. Hence, we need a separate body to structure, award and oversee the progress,\" said a senior official.The highways ministry has prepared an ambitious plan of constructing at least 17,000 km expressway across the country by 2022. These corridors would break the traditional speed barriers. The technical guidelines prepared for the construction of these corridors visualize a design speed of 120 kmph. For safe ride on these high-speed stretches, the guidelines also specify that the expressways will have parallel enclosures on both sides.India has only 365 km of expressway, including stretches under state governments. Most of the future Greenfield or new alignment expressways could cover 500-700 km.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15484034", "title": "\u2018Reds should review their actions\u2019", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Two days after the banned CPI(Maoist) said it had expelled him from the party, guerilla leader Sabyasachi Panda on Sunday said the party should \"review its actions, admit mistakes and mend itself\".In an audio tape circulated to mediapersons, Panda said he had no ties with the CPI(Maoist) since last seven months and had formed a new outfit, Odisha Maoist Party. \"We don't believe in violent confrontation with adversaries,\" he said, condemning the \"mindless violence\" being perpetrated by the CPI(Maoist).Panda, who had on March 14 abducted Italians Paolo Bosusco and Claudio Colangelo and later released them following talks with the Odisha government through interlocutors, said the CPI(Maoist) needed to mend its ways. \"The party will be doomed if it doesn't do so,\" he warned.In the past few weeks, he had released two audio tapes to the media identifying himself as secretary of the Odisha Maoist Party, but didn't say anything about his severing ties with the CPI(Maoist). The latest statement came close on the heels of the CPI(Maoist) expelling him on the grounds that he was a \"renegade\" who had an \"enemy-like opportunistic stand on the outfit as also the movement and leadership\".Panda's wife Subhashree, released from jail in April, said her husband faced threats from the CPI(Maoist) as well as from security forces. She had earlier said Panda could surrender if the government withdraws cases against him. However, Panda hasn't said anything about his possible surrender.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15484375", "title": "Paresh Rawal\u2019s \u2018dramatic\u2019 help for cancer patients", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Noted Bollywood actor and Gujarati theatre artist Paresh Rawal announced to stage each of his plays to raise funds for cancer treatment and facilities of cancer patients in the state. Rawal was on a courtesy visit to the Gujarat Cancer Research Institute (GCRI) on Monday.\"It was a great gesture that Paresh Rawal promised to stage each of his plays, henceforth, for the benefit of cancer patients \u2014 especially children,\" said Dr Pankaj Shah, former director of GCRI.Raval, who is in city to stage a play, paid a visit to the GCRI where he met and interacted with children suffering from cancer.He also met patients suffering from cancer due to consumption of tobacco and gutkha. He urged that the ban on gutkha should be implemented completely to ensure that young kids do not fall prey to the bad habit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15485979", "title": "JP Nagar senior citizens were killed for Rs 1,000", "text": "BANGALORE: Life, it appears, is dirt cheap in Bangalore. One of three men held for last week's double murder in JP Nagar agreed to kill the elderly couple for a measly Rs 1,000. Another alleged killer did so for a payment of Rs 4,000.The prime accused, Guruprasad Krishnamachari, 21, a resident of Kadirenahalli, told police he roped in Syed Salman Allabakash, 19, and Nitesh Sampath Kumar, 21, to ensure a clean job of robbing and killing Venkateshaiah, 74, and Swarnamba, 68.Syed is a daily-wages worker from Yarabnagar, while Nitesh, from Kadirenahalli, was a helper in a private company. Syed earned between Rs 50 and Rs 100 a day, while Nitesh drew a monthly salary of nearly Rs 1,500 police said. Syed and Nitesh agreed to the paltry sums \u2014 Rs 1,000 and Rs 4,000 respectively \u2014 offered by Guruprasad to participate in the crime, police said.\"Guruprasad knew Syed and Nitesh. He explained to them how easy it is to kill elders living alone,\" a senior police officer said. Only three persons were involved in the crime, he added.The double murder came to light on Friday when neighbours noticed foul smell emanating from the house. Venkateshaiah, a retired government employee, and Swarnamba had not contacted any of their relatives and friends since August 6.\"Guruprasad had clea- ned sumps in many houses in Venkateshaiah's neighbourhood in JP Nagar I Phase over the previous two months and earned a good name. This goodwill brought him to the victim's door,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kultali", "code": "15484967", "title": "Woman battered over dowry demand in Madhusudanpur", "text": "KULTALI: Cigarette burns, blade wounds, partially tonsured head... Anima Mondal had suffered a lot before she collapsed on the road at Madhusudanpur. Her 14-month long ordeal did not end though. She lay unconscious in the road for hours with nobody coming to rescue. Her fault: she's \"dark and ugly\", and that the dowry \u2014 five bhoris of gold and Rs 60,000 in cash \u2014 she brought with her during her marriage was not enough to satisfy her husband and in-laws.Anima was finally rescued by her father Kisori Midde, who came running in from nearby Mohipit village and took his daughter to his home. She was later taken to a doctor for treatment and a police complaint was also lodged on Sunday.Around 16 months back, the victim got married with Sunil Mondal, who remains unemployed for most of the year barring the harvest seasons, on April 25 last year. Fulfilling Sunil's demand, Kisori arranged for five bhoris of gold and Rs 60,000 as dowry. The couple had a good start with a harmonious first two months. But Sunil and his father Kalipada's hunger for dowry grew with time. Soon they started torturing Anima and kept demanding more money.Kisori, who had to support a family comprising his wife and Anima's three brothers and a sister, managed to meet the increased demand partially. This angered Sunil and Kalipada further. While Anima's father-in-law kept prodding his son to keep the torture going, Sunil executed his father's plans to perfection. Kalipada would also spread the word in the village that it would not be possible for Sunil to remain married to Anima \"as she was dark and ugly.\"Since the complaint was lodged, Sunil and Kalipada are absconding. Kisori and Anima have also left their Mohipit village, fearing an attack. They are now staying at a relative's place. Kisori said he was \"satisfied\" with police efforts so far.Admitting torture on Anima, additional SP (South 24 Parganas) Kankar Prasad Barui said, \"We have started an investigation and raids are on to nab the accused father-son duo. We will arrest them soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484684", "title": "Baba sent SOS to political parties", "text": "NEW DELHI: Snubbed by the government, yoga guru Baba Ramdev sent out an SOS to political parties, particularly BJP and its allies, to bail him out by sharing his platform at Ramlila Maidan and raising his demands vociferously in Parliament.Reduced traction with the public and the government's refusal to reach out to him saw Ramdev jab the \"call a friend\" option on Saturday evening itself as it became evident that he would not be able to extract any commitments from the ruling coalition.Ramdev's bid to step into the void created by dissolution of a fractious Team Anna did fetch some returns by way of crowds at Ramlila Maidan, but the fervour that marked last year's anti-graft mobilizations was missing and the yoga guru's show was in danger of becoming a damp squib.Boxed in between a dismissive government and followers expecting the yoga guru to pull something out of his capacious sleeves, Ramdev contacted political leaders seeking support for his demands for a strong Lokpal, freeing appointments of CBI and CVC chiefs from government control and return of black money.After internal consultations over the utility of supporting Ramdev, the BJP-led NDA responded and BJP chief Nitin Gadkari and Janata Dal (U) leader Sharad Yadav went to Ramlila ground on Monday, much to the relief of the cornered yoga guru.Not all in BJP were convinced of the political gains of throwing Ramdev a lifeline as it was felt the ragtag brigade at Ramlila Maidan would not have more than a passing impact on popular opinion. The guru was seen to have overreached in his attempt to take on the UPA government over its record of fighting corruption.The scales tilted in Ramdev's favour as BJP leaders felt the yoga guru had been an ally in fanning an anti-Congress mood and his \"saffron\" world view was in sync with the Sangh Parivar's sympathies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15485390", "title": "Excise department braces for Onam haul", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The excise department is planning to act tough on illicit liquor manufacturing mafia, ahead of the Onam season. Raids will be carried out to check the sale of illicit liquor, which is expected to be rampant during Onam. The department will team up with the forest and revenue departments to conduct the raids.The Intelligence wing of the excise department has already filed a report on the hotspots in the district where illicit liquor brewing is prevalent.The excise intelligence wing has identified Vithura, Aryanad, Nedumangad and Kattakada forest regions as main centers where illicit liquor is manufactured. Thonippara near Varkala is another major illicit liquor manufacturing centre.Thiruvananthapuram divisional excise officer P G Pramod Chandran said that raids would be conducted during the last two weeks August as the department feared that early raids would help the gangs resurface later, especially during Onam. \"The department has already launched a special drive in the district from July 20. It will last till September 2,\" added the DEO.Five special control rooms have been opened, including one district control room and four taluk level control rooms, at Neyyatinkara, Nedumangad, Thiruvananthapuram and Chirayinkeezh, to check the manufacture and trade of illicit liquor. Four special squads have also been formed, each having five members led by an excise circle officer to conduct regular inspection at the excise check posts. A special intelligence team under the direct supervision of the DEO has also been constituted.The DEO also said that the department had prepared a list of over 200 individuals, who had been booked in the past for illicit liquor related cases. \"The RDO will summon all those appear in the list and make them execute a bond promising that they will not engage in any illegal activities. The RDO has the power to jail them up to a year, if they break the bond,\" he said.At present, the department is focusing on the smuggling of illicit spirit into the state. All the 15 excise check posts in the district have been reinforced with additional staff. Special border patrolling teams have also been assigned to watch out for smuggling of spirit through the Neyyar river.The department has already seized over 1,000 litres of illicit spirit in the last 10 days, in three different incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15483466", "title": "Six injured in collision of buses", "text": "NOIDA: Six persons were injured, two of them critically, as two buses crashed into each other on the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway on Monday morning. Police said the incident occurred when a contract bus of a private company was travelling at great speed near Sector 137. The driver of the bus failed to see a stationery school bus, which had broken down, and rammed into it.Passersby took the injured people to hospitals in Noida and Greater Noida, police said. While the school bus driver, mechanic and bus operator's employee were injured, two employees of the staff bus on their way to work in Greater Noida were also injured. However, they were allowed to go after first aid.According to the driver of the school bus, Durg Pal, the accident occurred when his vehicle was on its way to Greater Noida around 7.45am. \"The bus broke down due to a technical fault. As we could not repair it, we called for a mechanic. All the children were taken off the bus and sent to school via another vehicle that we arranged for them. We put some leaves on the back of the bus to warn the oncoming traffic that the bus had broken down. Suddenly, just when the mechanic had started his repair work, there was a loud crash and I lost consciousness,\" Durg Pal said. \"When I came to, I saw both the mechanic, Sagar, and the bus operator's employee, Bhaseen, fallen and badly injured,\" he added.Two staff members of the private company were also injured but allowed to go after first aid. The driver of the bus, Ajmad Ali, was badly hurt, the cops said. Ali was rushed to the nearby JS Hospital in Sector 132. The injured mechanic was taken by a commuter to Sharda hospital in Greater Noida. The commuter also dialed '100' informing the police about the accident. A PCR van arrived on the scene of the accident after half an hour, Durg Pal said.The intensity of the collision was such that the school bus crashed onto the central verge while the company staff bus was thrown onto the extreme left side of the expressway. The police are yet to register a case in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15485258", "title": "Denied hospitalization woman delivers at home; child dies", "text": "YAVATMAL: A 19-year-old pregnant woman from tribal Pardhi community Nisha Pawar was rushed to the government rural hospital in Kalamb, 22km from city, on Friday after she experienced labour pain. But, either due to the absence of doctors in the hospital or the negligence of the nurse,she was denied admission into the hospital and sent back home on the pretext that her delivery was not due on that day. She went back home and in the same afternoon gave birth to a baby boy, but the child died after some time.Nisha Pawar's husband Nikesh, said that nurse AA Kawale did some preliminary examination and told them that the delivery date is not due yet, hence they should go back. \"Faced with no other alternative we came back,\" he said.Farm labourers Pawars are residents of Maathi Pardhi Beda in Kalamb. The death of the newborn created a panic in Pardhi Beda and a crowd soon gathered and started accusing the hospital authorities for negligence.\"My son would not have died if the hospital authorities had admitted Nisha and given her prompt medical care,\" said Nikesh.Speaking to TOI, medical superintendent Dr Anjali Dabhere confirmed the death of the newborn, but denied the allegations that no medical officer was present at the time Nisha reached the hospital. Dr Dabhere said, \"The nurse examined her and sent her back. I along with two medical officers were present in the hospital but the couple did not come to us. Instead they consulted the nurse on duty and left the hospital.\"\"Today we got Nisha admitted as she is anaemic and needs medical attention. We may refer her to the Government Medical College in Yavatmal if her condition doesn't improve,\" she said.Nikesh has lodged a complaint with taluka medical officer Dr Avinash Deshmukh about the incident and demanded action against the guilty.District health officer Dr Ganesh Rachkundwar confirmed the incident but said that the rural hospital comes under the civil surgeon. Attempts to contact in-charge civil surgeon of government district hospital Dr RK Ade didn't bear fruits as he was busy in meeting in Akola.Another child had died few days agoVolunteers of NGO 'NISHA\" claim to be active in the tehsil and they work under the DHO. Surprisingly, the health workers of NISHA could not help Nisha to have her first delivery in the hospital.Why the DHO wants to shake off the hands by saying that the Govt Rural Hospital is under the control of Civil Surgeon?What is the purpose of the 26 bedded hospital where the adequate staff are provided by the administration if it fails to cater the needs of the poor and needy?The Govt has launched a scheme called 'Janani Suraksha Yojana\" aiming to help the carrying and feeding mothers and their newborn babes for which Rs. 700 is given for their delivery at the hospitals. It is the duty of the health workers to direct the carrying and caring women to the hospital for proper medical advice and treatment. But in the case of Nisha, they too failed.As a matter fact, the pardhi women do not prefer to go to the hospital for their delivery. But Nisha was an exception and though she went to the hospital, she could not get the medical attention which leads to the sudden death of her son.It is also alleged that there was another death of a newborn in Kalamb due to absence of prompt medical care in the government rural hospital. In this case, Manisha Lakhan Bhosle gave birth to a baby in her home. Since the child was not well, her parents rushed the mother and the child to the rural hospital. They were referred to GMC Yavatmal, but the child died on the way to Yavatmal on July 28.However, Dr Dabhere pleaded ignorance about the case when asked for her reaction.It is the classic example of the Health System prevailing in the tribal dominated district of Yavatmal. Who will listen to the screams of the poor and needy is the big question now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15485359", "title": "Vilasrao awaits liver, kidney from driver", "text": "CHENNAI: Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh is likely to get the liver and kidney of a 31-year-old driver, who was declared brain dead at the Government General Hospital (GH) in Chennai on Monday. The state cadaver transplant registry allotted the organs to the minister late in the evening. At the time of going to print, a team from Global Hospitals was at the GH to retrieve the organs from the donor.If everything goes well, a team will transplant the organs to Deshmukh through a surgical process that could go on for more than 12 hours.The donor was hit by an ambulance on Saturday near Kovalam on East Coast Road, and suffered severe head injuries. On the same day, the hospital flagged Deshmukh's case as a 'super ultra emergency'.The 67-year-old minister, diagnosed with liver cancer, was flown to Chennai by an air ambulance last Tuesday.Ahead of surgeons who would wheel in Vilasrao Deshmukh into an operation theatre at Global Hospital late on Monday would be a long night - and maybe half a day - of the complicated task of transplanting a liver and a kidney into the 67-year-old Union minister. Behind them was a longer procedure of arranging for the organs.Much before the organs were to be harvested from a 31-year-old van driver who was declared brain-dead at the Government General Hospital on Monday afternoon, a flurry of activities began in the health circles. Over the weekend, Vilasrao was readied for the transplant, though surgeons were not very happy with the stability of his system to undergo the long, complicated process.The first signs of this preparation came on Saturday when Vilasrao was moved out of the ICU to an isolated unit to prevent further infections. Over the weekend, several things happened side by side. Vilasrao was registered with the Tamil Nadu organ registry as a hyper ultra emergency case in need of a liver and a kidney. Doctors said it was a tough case as more than 200 patients in need of a liver had registered ahead of Vilasrao. A hyper-ultra-critical case, however, gets priority, but there was no organ available yet.Simultaneously, Vilasrao's son Riteish Deshmukh was registered as a part-liver donor with the authorities, but surgeons said Vilasrao needed a full liver, from a brain-dead patient. On Monday morning, an alert from the Government General Hospital said that a 31-year-old man who met with a road accident on Saturday, might be brain dead. At 2.30pm, the hospital confirmed this. His blood group (B+ve) matched with that of Vilasrao. A flurry of activities followed. The family, which was initially unwilling to part with the organs, had to be convinced. There were approvals to be got even if the family agreed, since there should be no other claimant from other hospitals.Everyone finally agreed by around 9pm. While a team of surgeons from Global Hospitals arrived to harvest the organs around 10pm, others at Global Hospitals prepared Vilasrao. After the harvest, the organs have to be taken by road, from GH to Global Hospitals, a distance of about 25km.Hours before the organ registry allotted the liver and kidney to Vilasrao, a transplant surgeon told TOI: \"Even now his condition is not stable for a surgery. But we can't wait further. Cadaver organs aren't readily available and it has a long waiting list. We are hoping he would be fit by the time the organ comes by.\"Deshmukh was flown down by an air ambulance from Mumbai last Tuesday. He was diagnosed with liver cancer and multiple organ failure. More than 250 organs have been harvested from braindead patients since Tamil Nadu set up the cadaver organ registry in September 2008. The allotment rule is broken only when there is an emergency of a patient's condition irreversibly going down rapidly. \"This is the first time we have a VIP on the waitlist,\" said a health department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15486953", "title": "A race to land job by hook or crook", "text": "CHENNAI: Government recruitments have often been marred by accusations of malpractices in the selection process. The Tamil Nadu Uniformed Services Recruitment Board was caught in such a scandal in 2005 when question paper of the general knowledge examination for police constables' selection held on March 27 leaked. Though the exam was cancelled and a re-examination held on June 1, 2005, once again questions were found leaked to select candidates.The case was initially handled by the CID and later handed over to the CBI. The central agency filed chargesheets against 31 persons, including 19 policemen, under IPC sections and Prevention of Corruption Act. More than 150 people were listed as witnesses. Trial in the case is in progress in a CBI special court.The CBI in 2009 recommended that the state government initiate \"major departmental action\" against two senior IPS officers as the accused had named them. However, the prosecution failed to find any evidence to link the officers to the fraud.The state has also witnessed the use of hitech gadgets for copying in public exams. The All India Post-Graduate Medical Entrance Examination held in January 2006 hit headlines when some students used high resolution pen scanners for sending questions to people outside the exam hall and receiving the answers back by SMS. Once again, the case was investigated by the CBI. The Tamil Nadu Medical Council initiated disciplinary action against some doctors involved in the scam.While one of the modus operandi is to rig the selection by selling the question paper in advance, another practice is to identify meritorious candidates and collect money from them before the selection list is officially out.A senior official said, \"In the selection of district-level officials for a particular department held in the past, touts gained access to the selection list before it was officially released . They contacted the shortlisted candidates and promised jobs if they were ready to pay Rs 5 lakh per head. While many paid, some poor candidates expressed their inability to pay. When the final list was out, those who paid as well as those who didn't got selected. In such cases, the job of the touts is easy as there is no need to leak the questions in advance.\"A Sirajudeen, a leading lawyer and author of books on criminal jurisprudence, said, \"The government can end such malpractices only by introducing strict moral auditing at every level of government appointments. Such audits have to be done by people with impeccable track record and very high moral standing in society. A few black sheep are enough to corrupt an entire system.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "15485057", "title": "70-year-old starves in Malda village", "text": "MALDA: Jaona Besra survives only on rice water. But for the past seven days, the 70-year-old tribal has had to go even without that. With no means to feed herself, all Jaona can do is wait for some kind soul to give her food. But neither the district administration nor the local MLA is aware of her plight.At a corner of the tribal village sits a hut made of bamboo and leaves. It has a tin roof which was arranged after begging for it. This modest hut has only one inmate, Jaona.A gamchha (towel) acts as her only piece of clothing. With no relative or friends to look after her, the woman lives on charity by locals and shopowners of the village market.She begs at the market and the money earned is enough to buy her food for barely two to three days. For the rest of the days, she begs for rice water from the villagers and survives on just that. \"But for the last seven days, I did not even get rice water. I am surviving by drinking only water,\" said a frail Jaona. The villagers cannot be blamed for they are also hard-pressed for money.Jaona is oblivious to the terms BPL, ration card or pension. She continues with her tragic tale, \"I was married when I was only 14 years old. My parents had died before that. Within a month, my husband abandoned me. Since then, I have been living alone. I used to work hard to earn as long as I had the ability. But now I have lost the ability to work. So I have no option but to beg. But the villagers are also poor. I cannot expect them to help me out all the time.\"Neighbours like Talamoyi Kisku empathize with her but poverty forces them to extend help to Jaona only when they can affor.While local panchayat member Rina Bala said she had never heard of the name of Jaona, MLA Khagen Murmu was also unaware of it. \"If there is a case of starvation, help must reach her. I'll talk to the BDO,\" Murmu said.Habibpur BDO Avijit Ghosh said, \"I'll visit the woman tomorrow. She will get all the help from the govternment.\" The BPL list has some flaws and is under the process of correction, Ghosh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15486593", "title": "Miscreants steal truck in Sector 10", "text": "GURGAON: A case of abduction and robbery has been registered against three persons for fleeing with a truck, after taking the driver hostage, from Sector 10. While the helper, who was thrown off the vehicle on the highway, was later found, the driver is still missing. Police lodged an FIR four days after the August 9 incident.Truck owner Pawan Kumar, a resident of Sohna, lodged a complaint with the Sector 10 A police that his brother, Rajesh, was driving the truck and Fariyad, a resident of Gurgaon, was working as a helper. He used to run his truck with a Bhiwadi-based transport agency.On August 7, Rajesh and Fariyad loaded iron rods (saria) in the truck from Durgapur, West Bengal. They reached Gurgaon on August 9 and unloaded the rods at a warehouse near Gadoli village. On way to Bhiwadi, the two were stuck in a massive jam on Himgiri Chowk road when the accused asked them for a lift and climbed up the truck. Sometime later, they offered some food laced with sedative to Fariyad, eating which he turned unconscious. They then held %Rajesh hostage and fled with the truck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15484627", "title": "Garbage collection contract extended", "text": "NASHIK: The standing committee of the Nashik Municipal Corporation on Monday extended the contract of garbage collection from all six divisions of the NMC to the existing contractor by two months.The contract of the existing contractor for collecting garbage is coming to an end on August 22, 2012. The proposal for two months' extension to the present contract for garbage lifting was tabled at the meeting of the standing committee of the NMC on Monday.The standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse said, \"The contract of the present contractor for lifting the garbage is ending this month. As garbage lifting is concerned with the health of the citizens, an extension of two months is being given to the present contractor for collecting garbage.\"Dinkar Patil of the Congress said, \"The NMC must run the garbage vans on its own.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15485634", "title": "Two commit suicide at Dharbandora, Ponda", "text": "PONDA: Karishma Gaude, 21, a resident of Dharbandora and Chandru Gotamani, 65, from Nagzar-Curti in Ponda committed suicide in separate incidents on Monday.The Ponda police said that Gaude drowned herself in a well near her house, while Gotamani hung himself with a metallic beam from the roof of his room when no one was home.The police said that Gaude had gone out to buy milk from a shop nearby and since she did not return, her family began searching for her. Her brother then spotted her slippers and a milk packet covered with an umbrella near a well. When they looked into the well, they saw Gaude's body, which the police handed over to the family after an autopsy was conducted at the Goa Medical College and hospital, Bambolim.Gotamani, on the other hand, was mentally ill and undegoing treatment, the police said. Both the cases have been registered as unnatural deaths under Section 174 of the CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/jamnagar", "code": "15484125", "title": "Brother-in-law accused of rape", "text": "AHMEDABAD/JAMNAGAR: A woman in Khambhalia accused her brother in-law of raping her and attempting to murder her. The woman, who is a widow, said in her complaint that after her husband died, her brother in-law Yogesh Joshi raped her twice. \"The victim alleged that, on August 4, Yogesh tried to rape her again threw a burning rag on her with an intention to set her ablaze when she protested.We booked Joshi under Sections 376, 285 and 506 (2) of Indian Penal Code and launched a manhunt for him, as he went absconding after the complaint was registered,\" an official from Khambhalia police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15486666", "title": "DAV closed after violence", "text": "KANPUR: Tension prevailed in Kotwali police area here on Monday after a group of students clashed with the police after permission was denied to a former student leader from entering the DAV College premises along with his armed gunman.According to reports, the incident took place when Vipin Shukla, a former student leader along with Ankur Shukla and a private security guard tried to enter the DAV College. They were denied permission by chief proctor Awadesh Kumar as they were in possession of arms. While Kumar claimed that the student leader and his supporters wanted to forcibly enter the college to hold canvassing for Ankur Shukla, who is contesting election for the post of president in the student union elections, the student leader alleged that the chief proctor misbehaved with them and hurled abuses. The students created ruckus and misbehaved with the teachers.The traffic movement outside DAV College was disrupted. The college staff intensified the ID card checking drive for the students. The DAV college authorities, sensing trouble, informed the Kotwali police. Later the police from various police stations came rushing in and detained the former student leader and his supporters and brought all of them to Kotwali police station where several SP leaders also reached and objected to the arrests. The SP leaders said that the students were innocent and they had come to college to hold canvassing for the student union elections.They also forced the police to register an FIR against the chief proctor.SP (City) Umesh Singh asked SP leaders, including Amitabh Bajpai, to allow him to amicably sort out the matter. But SP workers on the chargers of misbehaviour by the SP walked out of Kotwali police station and sat on a dharna. When the police asked the SP workers and students to leave, they resorted to stone pelting. The police restored by lathicharge but by then the students and the SP workers had damaged nearly half a dozen vehicles on the thana campus.This created flutter on the main road disrupting traffic. SP leaders Chandresh Singh (SP city president), Surendra Mohan Agrawal, Moin Khan and others also reached the police station. DIG City Amitabh Yash also reached there and resolved the matter with an assurance to look into the case. The DAV college authorities declared closure of the college for an indefinite period. The college had reportedly cancelled admission of Ankur Shukla who was contesting election for the post of president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15486544", "title": "Freeze accounts of fraud accused: Cops", "text": "CHENNAI: Central Crime Branch (CCB) sleuths have written to three bank branches in the city to freeze the accounts of I P Yesudass, managing director of Aphro Trust that had, in alleged violation of RBI guidelines, collected money from several people after promising them loans.Earlier, A Rajesh, 35, of Manali, P Chelladurai, 38, of Kolathur, R Gabriel, 25, of Kolathur and N Agasthianathan, 32, of Katapadi were arrested in connection with the case. A special team led by CCB inspector M Kumaran is searching for Yesudass, \"believed to be hiding in Kerala,\" and a few others.Interrogations revealed that Yesudass had been operating accounts in four banks, including a private bank, in Chennai. \"We have written to the bank officials to freeze his accounts and mentioned the case registered against him. A copy of the first information report has also been sent,\" a police officer said.The arrests in the case followed a release from the RBI department of non-banking supervision, Chennai regional office against Aphro Trust and its associates functioning from Teachers Colony in Kolathur. The release said the Aphro Trust and its associates were not regulated by the RBI as claimed and warned the public.Interrogations revealed that the Trust had, at a camp in Chennai, offered several welfare measures and swindled money. \"They collected 5,500 as initial payment from many SHGs after promising loans. The firm has been in existence for more than 18 months and has three branches in Kolathur and one in Ennore,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15485661", "title": "11 Karnataka fire and civil defence officers to get President's medal for meritorious service", "text": "BANGALORE: Eleven Karnataka fire and civil defence officers have been awarded the President's medal for their meritorious service.The awardees are BN Manjunath, RFO, Bangalore East; KS Sannamarappa, DFO, Bangalore South; assistant fire station officer Praveen (Udupi) and leading fireman M Basavalingappa (Arasikere); civil defence divisional warden KV Venkatesh, Bangalore City, and company commander N Nagesh (Hassan), platoon commanders MD Dhalayat (Bagalkot), MH Heggannawar (Dharwad) and Ramesh Shankar Rao Ambure (Yadgir) and senior platoon commanders K Ramanna (Davanagere) and Dhanaji Bandu Kamble (Uttara Kannada) (all from the home guards).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15485107", "title": "Danger lurks at Morni lake", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sunday's incident of four youths meeting a watery grave in Tikkar Tal, a lake in Morni, is not the first tragedy the water body has witnessed. The tourist spot has seen two more such incidents in the last couple of years, with the authorities failing to learn a lesson.Both the Haryana tourism department as well as the district administration have not taken any concrete steps to check such fatalities. Save a sign board cautioning visitors from taking a plunge in the lake, there are no other precautionary guidelines or a guard to check an eventuality. Though the sole sign board - which is not even prominently displayed -- is installed at the entry of the lake, its many other entries fail to spell any caution. Tourism department managing director Anand Mohan Sharan said, \"The four youths had entered the water body from a village. We will hold a meeting with the village panchayat and forest department officials and depute a guard there for round-the-clock vigil.\" Panchkula deputy commissioner Ashima Brar said, \"Last year, we had held a meeting with the tourism department and the lake was demarcated for fencing. It is the duty of the tourism department to ensure its fencing.\"Shanti Lal, a villager, said, \"There is just one board at the tourism department building. But the lake can be approached from all sides.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15483602", "title": "Kailash Gidwani\u2019s son under Adarsh panel\u2019s fire", "text": "MUMBAI: Kailash Gidwani, son of accused in Adarsh case Kanhaiyalal Gidwani, earned the wrath of the judicial commission for failing to give proper answers to questions. \"It is found that the witness is not prepared to answer several questions which he was asked to check up on the previous date,\" the judges said.Kailash, who with his brothers and father owns flats in Adarsh, has now summoned on August 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15486612", "title": "Plastic bag ban: Administration asked about steps taken", "text": "GURGAON: The Urban Local Bodies department has asked all district commissioners in the state to inform what steps they have taken to enforce the ban on the use of plastic bags. It has also asked the different municipal corporations how many challans they have issued in the past three years.The missive states that it has generally been seen that while the municipal officials are quick to challan petty shop owners, small general store owners and street vendors, no industrial premises have been raided or challaned for manufacturing plastic carry bags, neither any stockist and shop owner for their sale and use.The letter written by the director further says that when the government cannot stop manufacture of plastic bags, small time shopkeepers should not be fined.The city's civic agencies have said that they will respond to the department's direction at the earliest. \"It's not true that we are not taking enough measures to stop use of plastic bags. It's also not correct to say we are issuing challans to only small traders and shopkeepers. Most of the malls in the Gurgaon use paper or cloth bags. As and when we come across any shop owner, big or small, we issue them challan,\" said an MCG official.\"The responsibility to enforce the ban on plastic bags does not lie only with the municipal corporation but with the deputy commissioner and other bodies like HUDA and public health department,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15484552", "title": "Badminton tourney ends on high note", "text": "NASHIK: The final matches of the Maharashtra State Junior Open Badminton Championship held on Sunday drew to a close with thrilling finishes.Chirag Shetty and Kaushal Dharmemar were winners in the Under-17 and Under-19 boys' categories respectively. Revati Deosthali won the Under-17 girls group, while Shruti Mundada won the Under-19 girls category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15483598", "title": "No case lodged yet in Yamuna Expressway accident", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Even though a day has passed since the accident on Yamuna Expressway in which two people were critically injured and are currently in the ICU, police have not yet registered a case. Senior cops on Monday visited the accident spot and met the expressway operator and found that the networking system on the speedway was not working properly.Police said that as no complaint has been filed by the victims or their family a case has not been registered. \"We are yet to establish whether the car was being driven over the speed limit,\" said deputy SP (Jewar), Rajkumar Mishra.Officials from Jaypee group, however, said that the accident could not have occurred due to the system problem as the car occupants were overspeeding. \"Besides necessary signages put up all along the Expressway, personnel have been personally informing people both at Zero points in Greater Noida and Agra and at toll plazas that they should drive at a reasonable speed which should be less than 100 km/hr in any case,\" said a press statement from Jaypee.E-way officials added that they can just educate drivers as only cops have the right to issue challans in case of traffic violations.Meanwhile, the condition of the two car occupants Prashant and Arpita is critical. \"I have not been able to know how the accident took place as my brother cannot talk,\" said Ravinder, Prashant's brother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15485910", "title": "Bypass road turns a death trap", "text": "INDORE: These five roads in the city have turned out to be virtual death traps. As many as 1,536 people have lost their lives in road accidents in last three years of which a considerable number of accidents have taken place at these places.The leading killer road is the 'bypass road.' A total of 86 persons have lost their lives here followed by the road connecting Asaram Bapu road and Bhanwarkuan road where 72 persons died in road accidents in last three years.Other top roads to death include the road connecting Dewas Naka Panchavati and Rajpal (42 deaths), Asharam Bapu to Bypass naka (39 deaths), Pipaliyahana to Teen Imli (36 deaths) and Asharam Bapu to Rajiv Chowk (34 deaths).Indore has already bagged the dubious distinction of being the leading city as far as deaths in road accidents are considered, as per a recent National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) report.As per the research by Save Lifecycle, an NGO working to create awareness to check number of road accidents, 433 people have lost their lives in 2010 while the death toll was up at 689 in 2011. The research found out that 414 people have lost their lives so far in 2012, an alarming number given the fact that the year still has four months to end.Talking to ToI, Save Lifecycle director Prafulla Joshi who compiled the research work, said that the data could help the administration as well as the citizens to reduce the death toll.Joshi attributes the high number of accidents on the spots to high speed driving. He underlined the need to create awareness about proper driving. In the report he has claimed that violation of traffic rules, speed and other issues as well as unawareness of traffic rules have played pertinent role in worsening the condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15486410", "title": "Child labourers rescued in Kavoor", "text": "MANGALORE: Four children, who were allegedly working as child labourers at a home industry unit at Urundadi in Kavoor near here, were rescued by the officials of Labour department and police on Monday.Rescued children have been identified as Vignesh, Ajith, Karnan and B Vignesh hailing from Madurai in Tamil Nadu. Though two of them are found to be aged below 12 years, their actual age is yet to be confirmed through medical tests. Acting on a tip-off, assistant labour officer DG Nagesh along with officials and police raided the home industry, which belonged to one Palalu Swamy. Children were engaged in making chakkuli and other food items at the home industry shed when the raid was conducted.Rescued children were sent to Government Wenlock Hospital for medical tests ascertain their actual age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15485512", "title": "Ugandan woman arrested for overstaying", "text": "The Calangute police on Monday arrested a Ugandan woman for overstaying. PI Nolasco Raposo was on routine patrolling with two other constables when they noticed a foreign woman standing suspiciously at the Saligao junction roadside. She identified herself as Nantaayi Angellah, a Ugandan. When the police examined her passport, it was found that her visa had expired on August 9, and consequently she was staying in the country without valid documents. She was arrested under Section 7 (1) (3) of the Foreigner Order, 1948, r/w 14 of the Foreigners Act, 1946. Further investigations are under way.Navelim man electrocuted: A fabrication worker, Conceicao Ferrao, 50, from Navelim, was electrocuted after coming into contact with a high tension electricity line at Monte hill, Margao, while at work, on Monday evening. Police sources informed TOI that the deceased was taking measurements for fabricating window grills on a second floor apartment when the mishap occurred. He fell from a height and died.'Hindi film hurts religious sentiments': Taking strong objection to certain scenes in the Hindi movie 'Kya Super Cool Hain Hum' which show a Christian priest solemnizing marriage of two dogs, Goa's Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik has written to the Central Board of Film Certification. He said these scenes hurt the religious sentiments of Christians. He has also taken up the issue with Ambika Soni , Union Minister of Information and Broadcasting. In a letter sent to the Chairperson of the Central Film Certification Board Leela Samson Naik stated thus: \"The scene has hurt the religious sentiments of Christian community which holds a priest in high esteem, and that a priest is not only bestowed with serious religious duties, but is supposed to be guide and philosopher to many members of the community.\" He felt the producers and director are liable to be hauled up under sections 295A and 298 of the IPC.PMC to step up anti-plastic drive: The Ponda municipal council (PMC) has decided to intensify its anti-plastic drive from Thursday. The drive will target plastic carry bags below 20 microns, widely offered by shop keepers to carry goods, said PMC chief officer Pradip Naik on Monday. The civic body will take action against the offenders under provisions of The Goa Non Bio-degradable Garbage (control) Act 1996. The law prescribes a fine of Rupees 5,000 or simple imprisonment for a month or both. Stating that the 50% of the 5 metric tonnes of garbage that is generated in Ponda per day consists of plastic carry bags, the PMC chief officer said that they have decided to eliminate the root cause of the problem. \"If people stop using the below 20-microns carry bags, about 25% of the garbage problem will be resolved,\" Naik said.John Aguiar to get President's medal: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar will present the President's home guard and civil defence medal for meritorious service to John Aguiar, honorary company commander of Home Guards, Panaji division, at the main function of Independence Day to be held at the old Secretariat, Panaji on August 15. Aguiar joined the home guard organization in the year 2002 as a home guard volunteer. He is a government servant and works in the department of information and publicity, Panaji, as assistant information officer. He also functions as PRO of the police department.Kiosk robbed at Calangute: A kiosk belonging to Mohammed Jaffar Shaikh at Naikawaddo, Calangute, was robbed on the intervening night of Saturday and Sunday, Calangute police said. Mohammed lodged a complaint that unknown persons broke into his kiosk located near the Calangute market in the wee hours after he had closed his shop at around 2am on Sunday. When he went to open his shop around 6.30am on Sunday, he found that somebody had broken into his kiosk and stolen cosmetic articles worth Rs 11,400. A case has been registered at the Calangute police station under Section 380 of the IPC. Police are conducting further investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15483937", "title": "Mosquitoes prefer youth when they bite", "text": "MUMBAI: Mosquitoes may have lost their sting in Mumbai but the deadly vector prefers youth when it bites. In the last three years, malaria and dengue have most attacked people in the age-group of 15-30 years, according to a survey.The study by Metropolis, a chain of diagnostic centres, said cases of malaria and dengue have gone down in three years.The survey reveals that the positivity rate of malaria decreased from 17.48% in 2009 to 6.25% 2011 in Mumbai. Similarly, that of dengue decreased from 37.19% in 2009 to 21.36% in 2011.Though overall the diseases have seen a downward trend, the survey revealed that the age-group of 15-30 years has been affected the most.\"People in this group have shown the highest incidence of malaria and dengue in 2011. While 42.84% people who tested positive for malaria were from this age group, 64.40% of those who tested positive for dengue fell in this age-group,\" said Dr Jatinder Bhatia, chief of lab services at Meropolis Healthcare Ltd.\"Effective prevention strategies such as research on vaccines, environmentally-safe insecticides, alternative approaches to disease control and training programs for health-care workers can reverse this growing trend,\" she added.While these figures are only that of the private diagnostic centre, the official figures from BMC are higher as they cater to a bigger group.BMC statistics show that more than 76,000 Mumbaikars had tested positive for malaria, while dengue positive cases were more than 1,000 last year.Additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar said malaria cases had been brought down drastically since 2010. \"It is a result of sustained activities at the ground level. When the numbers had increased to such high levels in 2010, we followed a five-point programme.\"Overall, too, the city has been seeing a downward trend when it comes to malaria.Between January and June over the years, 20,000 malaria cases were recorded in 2010; 24,000 in 2011 and 8,000 this year. Overall, the city has seen a 60% drop in malaria cases.While the age group should have the strongest immunity system, doctors say that it is also the most active and thus more susceptible to stress.\"The number of people testing positive in this age group may be high, as its actual population is high. Apart from that, the group is also the most aware and thus would prefer to get tested and treated in case of a disease,\" said a senior civic hospital doctor. \"Moreover, high stress and unhealthy life make the immunity system of the age group weak,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484190", "title": "Regularise illegal constructions: Leaders", "text": "PUNE: Leaders of various political parties in Pimpri-Chinchwad have reiterated their demand that the state government complete the process of regularising unauthorised constructions within the municipal limits.The leaders have also said that directions be issued to the civic administration to stop the ongoing drive against unauthorised constructions.Mayor Mohini Lande sent a letter to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan after an all-party meeting held on Monday.She said in the letter that the civic body has sent many proposals for regularisation of unauthorised constructions to the state government, but no decision has come through. She said the state must take a call in the matter.Earlier, Lande presided over a meeting of all party corporators at her office. Independent MLAs Vilas Lande and Lakshman Jagtap also attended the meeting. A memorandum, which was prepared after the meeting, was sent along with the letter to the chief minister.The memorandum said the civic administration has not undertaken any new development works in the city. There has been gross neglect in providing basic amenities like health, roads, electricity, water, and public sanitation in the city. The memorandum said the civic administration needs to pay attention towards providing these amenities.Meanwhile, the party leaders and corporators have also decided to meet deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar to find a solution to the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15485865", "title": "Wrestlers celebrate Sushil Kumar's London Olympic feat", "text": "INDORE: More than 500 Indore wrestlers took out a victory procession with great pomp and show under the leadership of former Olympian Pappu Yadav in honour of London Olympic silver medalist Sushil Kumar and bronze medal winner Yogeshwar Dutt . The wrestlers distributed 500 kgs of laddoos to the residents.The city wrestlers also burst crackers and decked up elephants and horses for the celebrations. Huge cut outs of Sushil and Yogeshwar were the attraction of the procession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15484128", "title": "Gujarat Technological University extends deadlines for MBA, MCA", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Admission Committee for Professional Courses (ACPC) has decided to give more time to students to report for admission to MBA and MCA courses. In all, 6,995 MBA and MCA seats have remained vacant.Some 1,000 students have not reported for admission after having applied.To ensure more students report for admission, Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has decided to extend the deadline for reporting.Officials said that students who did not report for admission in the second round should report on August 16 while students who did not report for admission in the first round should report on August 17. Students can also pay fees on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15485441", "title": "Human error caused crane crash at Metro site: Report", "text": "CHENNAI: It was a human error that caused the crane accident last Wednesday at Pachaiyappa's College underground station site, says a preliminary report submitted by the safety consultant on Monday. The boom of a crawler crane carrying a 17-tonne mesh on Wednesday came crashing on the workers, killing one of them and injuring six others.\"The report says prima facie the accident happened because the crane operator did not lift the load properly,\" said V Somasundaram, chief general manager, construction, Chennai Metro Rail. The operator tried to move it horizontally and swing it to avoid an obstacle. Horizontal movement of crane is prohibited and load should only be lifted vertically. The flexibility of the boom to lift the load was low because it was in a 30degree angle instead of being perpendicular, the official said. \"We will check whether crane operators have competence for the job at our work sites. We will check whether they have proper training and competence certificates. More corrective steps will be taken only after a detailed investigation report is submitted,\" he added.Now, metro will sensitise its crane operators to follow all operation procedures strictly. After the accident, metro officials inspected safety of cranes at all work sites. But, they were all found to be fit and safe. \"We checked whether the machines had proper documentation like worthiness certificate, operator's competence certificate, manufacturer's manual and others. The machines have relevant papers and are fit,\" said Somasundaram.The accident happened in spite of safety training and campaigns conducted for employees and contractors at work sites of underground stations along the Poonamallee High Road and Anna Salai. Police had arrested two officials of Larson and Toubro and detained the crane operator who was absconding.This is the second accident at a metro rail site in the city. On July 26, a mould of a pillar near Vadapalani collapsed soon after being filled with concrete. Nobody was injured in the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484162", "title": "Infant stolen from hospital", "text": "PUNE: A two-day-old baby boy was stolen from the Sane Guruji Arogya Kendra in Hadapsar allegedly by a middle-aged woman around 4.30 am on Monday.The baby was born to Vidya Nilesh Sutar (22) who was admitted to the hospital a few days ago. Her husband, Nilesh, works as a contract carpenter and the couple, who is originally from Ahmednagar, lives in Hadapsar.A complaint has been lodged at the Hadapsar Gadital police chowky by Vidya Sutar against an unidentified woman under section 363 (kidnapping) of the Indian Penal Code.Senior police inspector Raghunath Jadhav said, \"The Sutar family had got acquainted with the woman two days ago at the hospital. They had assumed that she was there to meet someone. We suspect that this woman stole the baby. The CCTV cameras show her leaving Vidya's room with a shopping bag in her hand between 4.30 am and 5 am. She is seen leaving the hospital soon after. However, the CCTV cameras failed to capture her face.\"Vidya's mother, Janabai, who had stayed the night with her daughter, woke up around 5 am and found the baby missing. She woke up Vidya and they searched the entire hospital. Failing to find the baby they lodged a police complaint around 5.15 am, Jadhav said.He said, \"The Sutar family identified the suspect from the CCTV footage, but they didn't know her name. The police have prepared a sketch of the suspect on the basis of the available description and CCTV footage.\"Sandip Nevase, administrator, Sane Guruji Arogya Kendra, said, \"The hospital administration issues visitor passes. Most of the patients are from rural backgrounds and their people come from long distances to see them. If we object to visits during non-visiting hours, it leads to frequent arguments.\"When asked how no one objected to the suspect leaving the hospital at such an early hour, he said, \"Relatives of patients leave the hospital early in the morning to bring back food for patients.\"Nevase said since the woman was carrying the baby in a large shopping bag, nobody would sensed anything amiss .The Sane Guruji Arogya Kendra is a 250-bed hospital in Hadapsar area and about 500 patients visit the out patient department every day, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15485425", "title": "Upset mayor warns action against Nagpur Municipal Corporation officials", "text": "NAGPUR: Upset over a letter from collector Saurabh Rao asking the civic body to postpone the inauguration of an overhead water tank, mayor Anil Sole has decided to initiate action against Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) officials who heeded Rao's letter and remained absent from the programme. Meanwhile, leaders of ruling alliance Nagpur Vikas Aghadi (NVA) and around 70 corporators met Rao and asked him to respond to three questions asked by them within three days.The Central government had sanctioned projects worth around Rs1,500 crore to NMC under JNNURM scheme. Barring the inauguration of Kanhan water treatment plant, most of the projects have been inaugurated by BJP national president Nitin Gadkari .However, irked by the violation of protocol by NMC, where the BJP is in power, guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe complained to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday night about him and other ministers of the city not receiving an invitation for the function. Following the complaint, Rao issued a letter on Friday night to Sole and officiating municipal commissioner Praveen Darade, asking them to postpone the inauguration programme citing breach of protocol.Alleging a conspiracy by Congress ministers, a team of corporators led by leader of ruling party Praveen Datke met Rao and submitted three questions to him. \"We asked the collector whether he has powers to issue such a letter to the mayor. Besides, the timing of letter is objectionable. We also want to know whether the civic body has powers to hold such a programme. We want a reply within three days,\" he said.Despite the letter, the programme was held as per the given schedule on Saturday though in the absence of NMC officials, excluding a few from the zone office, sending shocking waves among office bearers. \"Officials will be issued show cause for not attending the programme finalized by the mayor. I will take action against officials after receiving their replies,\" Sole said, also condemning the directives to NMC officials against attending the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15486396", "title": "AMU centre: PM to talk to Sibal", "text": "PATNA: PM Manmohan Singh on Monday assured a nine-member delegation of lawmakers, comprising MPs and MLAs, from Bihar, Maharashtra and West Bengal that he would speak to Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal to expedite release of necessary funds for beginning the construction work of Kishanganj centre of the Aligarh Muslim University (AMU).\"I will speak to Sibal over the issue of funds release for the Kishanganj centre of the AMU,\" the PM told the delegation which met him in New Delhi on Monday afternoon for 15 minutes, said Congress MP from Kishanganj, Mohammad Asrarul Haque, who led the delegation.The delegation explained to PM in brief the status of the proposed AMU centre in Kishanganj. \"We informed him that land for the centre was allotted by the state government seven months ago after a long struggle by people of entire Purnea division. Now, the centre requires funds to begin construction of its buildings and boundary walls., We also informed him that two similar centres of the AMU, announced along with the Kishanganj, began functioning at Malappuram (Kerala) and Murshidabad (West Bengal), but the Kishanganj centre is yet to get its building,\" Haque said.Besides Haque, the delegation comprised Tariq Anwar , Husain Dalwai (both Rajya Sabha members from Maharashtra), Ghulam Rabbani (Congress MLA from West Bengal's Goalpokhar constituency), Ali Imran Ramz (Forward Bloc MLA from West Bengal's Chakulia constituency), Mohammad Javed, Mohammad Akhatarul Iman, Ghulam Gaus and Tanveer Hasan (all legislators from Bihar).BOX:Proposal mootedin 2008In 2008, the AMU submitted a detailed proposal to the Government of India for establishment of five AMU centres in different parts of the country with an estimated expenditure of Rs 400 crore for each centre. Responding to the proposal, the Union government allocated Rs 25 crore each as initial grant for the establishment of Malappuram and Murshidabad centres in its 2009-2010 annual budget. Other three centres are to be set up at Kishanganj, Bhopal and Pune.On December 30, 2011, the Bihar government transferred 224 acres of land to Aligarh Muslim University for establishing the Kishanganj centre. The land has been transferred to the registrar, AMU free from any encumbrances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15485261", "title": "Tracking Nagpur biodiversity, the digital way", "text": "NAGPUR: Herbariums or collection of dried plant species have always been a rich source of information for botanists. A professor from Nagpur University T Srinivasu has tried to give this age-old method of tracking the biodiversity of the region a digital avatar by making electronic database of the flora from Mumbai and Nagpur. Most of the plant species that have been found in the city are those having some medicinal properties.Srinivasu revealed the findings of his three-year long project during a lecture organized by the city chapter of Indian Science Congress Association. Srinivasu has already finished making a database of the plants in and around Mumbai and the project in Nagpur is nearing completion. His students are in the process of doing the same in Chandrapur and Wardha too.\"It all started when a renowned international scientist wondered that despite being the richest in terms of biodiversity why India has made no efforts to catalog all its flora and fauna. The first thing I did was effecting changes in the open source software called DATA that is used to create such databases,\" said Srinivasu. He believes that Mumbai, where he started with his UGC-sponsored project, is perhaps the richest in terms of biodiversity in the country. \"We found over 1,200 species of plants in this small island,\" he added.In Nagpur, he has been able to track 750 species so far. \"Out of these, at least 500 are those having some medicinal values. 150 of them are commonly used by medical practitioners but around 200 are used a little less,\" he said.One use of these databases, said Srinivasu, will be that ayurveda practitioners and pharmaceutical companies will be able to identify the plants they can utilize. \"Another would be having complete information about plants which are endangered or rare. This will help in conservation efforts,\" he said. Detailed knowledge about these plants will also enable the scientists to prevent adulteration in ayurvedic medicinal powders. \"Generally, it is difficult to say for sure whether a churna is made of natural material only. But, this herbarium will make it possible for us to determine the ingredients of a powdered medicine through DNA sequencing,\" he explained.Not stopping at this, Srinivasu, encouraged his students to use this tool and make their own herbariums. Consequently, a couple of them are replicating his teacher's project in Chandrapur and Wardha while another is tracking all the varieties of roses in Maharashtra. \"He has already collected information about 500 varieties,\" informed the proud teacher.Convener of ISCA Nagpur, KR Nagraj said that this lecture is a continuation of celebration of the centenary year of the Congress. \"Since this year's theme is role of science in changing the future of India, we are focusing on topics that would pave the way forward for us,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15486683", "title": "Varanasi reels under unhygienic conditions", "text": "VARANASI: There is no respite from the poor sanitary conditions prevailing at several areas of the city. Garbage can be seen overflowing from regional collection centres (RCCs) of Varanasi Municipal Corporation and dustbins placed at several localities.This raises a question mark over the collection of garbage functioning of solid waste management (SWM) plant. A stroll in the lanes in crowded areas like Vishwanath and Dalmandi is enough to reveal the exact picture.The officials of VMC claimed that special arrangements made for cleanliness on the occasion of Ramzan.But many Muslim dominated areas like Kazzakpura, Chhittanpura, Jaitpura and Badi Bazaar were found reeling under unhygienic conditions. Benia Bagh, Maldahiya, Vidyapeeth Road, Ravindrapuri, Lanka crossing, Aurangabad Sonia road, Rewari Talab and other areas are also lying unclean.In view of Independence Day, VMC is carrying out special cleanliness drives at several places. Additional municipal commissioner Sachidanand Singh said cleanliness drives will be held in five slum areas.All the localities, residential and market areas will be cleaned by the eve of Independence Day. VMC will also carry out a plantation drive at Chhittupur.Members of Apna Dal held a dharna at VMC office on Monday against unhygienic conditions and poor civic amenities in the city.District president Rajesh Patel said that irregular collection of garbage due to negligence of A2Z is leaving many localities unclean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15485080", "title": "Independence Day security keeps police on toes", "text": "KOLKATA: With only 24 hours left for the Independence Day celebration, city police are leaving no stone unturned to strengthen security arrangements.Nearly 15,000 armed forces and 17 police pickets will man various locations of the city. Besides, the security team will also include personnel from the special branch, 4th Battalion RAF, three Quick Response Teams and four teams of Morcha and Mounted police with bullet proof vests.Police personnel on motorcycles will also patrol the city. Four cadet officers, two each from Kolkata and West Bengal police, have been selected to be part of the police contingent.In order to monitor different pockets of the city with ease, the police and security teams have divided the city into 74 sectors. A DC will be stationed for every 8 to 10 sectors.Police have also beefed up security arrangements at important locations like Red Road and near the statues of Mahatma Gandhi and Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose.Sources in the police said extra care was being given to the security arrangements at Raj Bhavan since it will host cultural events in the latter half of the day.Six trauma ambulances and other medical facilities have also been put in place to tend to emergencies.\"We have made the security arrangements similar to that on January 26. All security factors have been taken into consideration. Hopefully, we should not be having any problem,\" said Javed Shamim, joint commissioner of police (headquarters).With the independence day coming in just about days, the security establishment in the city is on the toes letting no stone unturned.About 15,000 extra armed forces along with 17 police pickets installed at various locations of the city. furthermore the security team will also include a special branch team, 4th Battalion RAF, three Quick response teams and four groups of Bullet proof Morcha police and Mounted Police.Apart from all this with medical facilities including 6 trauma ambulance has also been kept in place.Surveillance in many parts of the city had also been started from the 11th of August onwards. Special roads like the red road has also bebeefed up with security measures.The city have also been divided by the police and security teams into 74 sectors,with every 8 to 10 sectors to be manned by a DC.Amidst all this measures, Raj Bhavan will also be turned into a fortress with extra- special measures also to be installed. Cultural programs and events including that of school program also taking part in the latter half of the day.Important statues like that of father of the nation Mahatma Gandhi and Netaji Subhas Chnadra Bose road would be given extra protection and manned by the police and securty teams round the clock on the day.Various motorcycle police and mobile police will also be in function all through out the day. Four candet officers will also be there with two each from Kolkata and West Bengal police selected to be part of the police contingent.\"We've formed the security conforming to the 26th January style all the security factors have been taken into consideration. Hopefully we should not be having any other problem,\" Joint commissioner of Police(headquarters), Javed Shamim said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kokrajhar/guwahati", "code": "15483717", "title": "When will we be able to go home? woman in relief camp asks Sonia Gandhi", "text": "KOKRAJHAR/GUWAHATI: Soon after Deepika gave birth to her son on July 30, three days after she and her husband took shelter at the Titaguri-based relief camp in Kokrajhar, co-inmates christened the boy 'Daoharu', meaning a fighter. But his parents prefer to call him 'Santiram', symbolic of the peace that violence-affected people in the Bodoland Territorial Area District (BTAD) are praying fervently for, but which seems to elude them with sporadic incidents of violence being reported even about a week ago.When UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi came visiting the camp on Monday, she stopped by the newborn and his mother, enquiring after the baby's health and whether he was getting proper medical care. Deepika, however, had just one query: \"When we will be able to go back to our village?\"The new mother, who hails from Alivita, a forest village adjoining the Chakrashila hills in the district, told the UPA chairperson, \"We want to go back to our native village as soon as possible and start life anew as we have lost everything in the violence.\"Deepika was echoing the sentiments of the hundreds of other inmates at Titaguri and thousands others at relief camps across BTC. All the relief camp inmates want is that peace be restored so they can soon return to their respective villages and start life afresh.The UPA chairperson, along with Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde , chief minister Tarun Gogoi, Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) chief Hagrama Mohilary, state cabinet minister and Assam Pradesh Congress Committee president Bhubaneswar Kalita visited two relief camps in Kokrajhar - at Titaguri and Deborgaon - on Monday.In a brief interaction with mediapersons after she came out from the Titaguri relief camp, Sonia said that inmates were restive about going back to their villages as soon as possible. She, however, added that they might have to wait a while as their safety and security has to be ensured.\"I have talked to the inmates in the relief camp. They are willing to go back to their village. However, it will take some time till the situation improves further. Everyone is working to create a congenial atmosphere. Once feelings are assuaged, the chief minister and others will make sure that they (inmates) are able to go home,\" Sonia said.She also said that during her interaction with the inmates, she asked them whether they had any complaints about getting relief material or medical care in the camps. \"The inmates told me they are getting rations regularly. I found two children sick (at Titaguri relief camp). Doctors told me that they would soon attend to their medical care,\" she added.Later, Sonia, Shinde, Gogoi and Kalita went to relief camps at Panbari, Borkanda and Mashpara in Dhubri district. Many of the Muslims affected in the ethnic violence are lodged at these relief camps. In Dhubri, too, Sonia met Muslim relief camp inmates who were as restive to go back to their homes in the BTAD as the Bodo inmates in Kokrajhar.\"We are moved by Soniaji's patient hearing of our woes. She assured us in front of the chief minister that all arrangements would be made for our safe return to our homes in the BTAD,\" Nekibur Zaman, an inmate of Borkanda relief camp, said.A delegation of All Assam Minority Students Union (Aamsu) met Sonia and Shinde at Panbari relief camp requesting seizure of all illegal arms possessed by surrendered militants in the BTAD.The ethnic clash, which started last month, has left 77 people dead and displaced about four lakh people, one of the highest displacements so far in the state's long history of ethnic strife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15486926", "title": "Marital woes flood Tamil Nadu CM cell", "text": "CHENNAI: When S Kamala (name changed) lost all hopes of staying in her marriage, she turned to none other than the Tamil Nadu chief minister for help. The CM's special cell, which received the 29-year-old's complaint, forwarded it to the police immediately. \"They counselled me and my husband, who used to abuse me every day. Life is much better now,\" says Kamala.The special cell's officers go through not just complicated land grab case petitions but don the role of counsellors to help those in bad marriages. They give tips to upset petitioners on how to set right their lives and remain positive in their outlook.The cell has so far received about five lakh complaints from across the state since the AIADMK assumed power in May 2011. It gets about 2,000 complaints by post, through courier and on email every day. \"Apart from land grabbing cases, we get many complaints about marital problems, dowry harassment and instances of domestic violence from many women petitioners,\" says a senior official.Solutions are found based on the nature of the complaint, says the official. \"Most complaints on marital problems, which we get from the city, are sorted out immediately with officials making the couples undergo a counselling session,\" he says.According to officials, they are able to assist the petitioners as the police have to act on the complaints forwarded by the cell. \"Cops in some stations are reluctant to register marital discord cases since they have to solve the issue once a first information report is lodged. Some people are clever enough to approach us so they will get some justice,\" says the official. So, when 35-year old Malathi (name changed), who was tormented by her ex-husband, approached the cell, her problem was resolved soon.The cell has 50 officers to look into the thousands of petitions that reach them daily. Some of the bizarre cases include petty theft and minor rows. The city police have been instructed to investigate all the genuine complaints. Petitions from rural areas are scrutinised immediately and forwarded to the respective police stations. Complainants get an acknowledgment slip. The cell also has a centralised online monitoring system, which tracks the complaints till they are resolved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "15486219", "title": "Punjab cops fire at Haryana villager", "text": "SIRSA: Seven cops of Punjab Police, including a sub-inspector, were held hostage by villagers on Monday when they opened fire at a 35-year-old financier at Bhavadin village in Ding.The financier, Lakhbir Singh, suffered bullet injuries. The villagers alleged that the cops were trying to frame Lakhbir Singh and his brother in a false case.Following the incident, Satbir Singh Sheoran, DSP, Ding, and Surender Pal Singh, DSP from Punjab Police, held discussions with village sarpanch Gurjeet Singh, who alleged that he was also threatened and terrorized by the cops, and later the cops were released. Ding police registered cases against the Punjab police under various Sections of IPC and started investigations into the matter, Ding SHO Ramesh Kumar said.According to Lakhbir's younger brother Sukhbir Singh, \"Some people called my brother for some financial deal near Barnala road, where about 7 cops of Punjab police were waiting for him with guns. They pointed the gun at him but my brother fled the spot. My brother came to the village, and the Punjab police chased him to the village.They opened fire at Lakhbir and a bullet hit him. When the village sarpanch asked about the reason for chasing Lakhbir, the Punjab police brandished the gun at the sarpanch.The villagers staged a dharna at Ding police station demanding action against the Punjab cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15484049", "title": "JMM members play surveillance cops", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Perhaps, realising that the irregular attendance of the state government employees in their respective departments is affecting smooth functioning of the business vis-a-vis execution of welfare schemes is concerned the district unit of the ruling Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) has embarked upon a mission to make the employees adhere to the working hours, thoroughly.In an apparent first of its kind initiative, the East Singhbhum party unit of the JMM conducted surveillance in the deputy commissioner (DC's) office on Monday to determine how many employees fail to report on duty, on time.\"Surprisingly, over dozen employees including a senior official in the land and revenue department didn't report on duty till 11am (office hours begin at 10am),\" said district unit president of the party Ramesh Hansda. He also said motor vehicle inspection and industry department offices were closed.The JMM, which was on a confrontatist path with the district administration, following the brawl at the Dhalbhum subdivisional office a few weeks ago, is now on a course to teach lesson to the government employees who are casual about their duty hours.\"The recoded visual clippings have been submitted to deputy commissioner Himani Pandey's office for action against the insincere employees,\" said Hansda adding that on tomorrow they will also furnish a copy of the video clippings to the party leader and deputy chief minister, Hemant Soren who is supposed to arrive here for hoisting the national flag on August 15.\"The insincere and irresponsible conduct of the government employees is costing dearer to the state government as far as image is concerned so, is why we took up this step,\" said Hansda.He said his party will replicate this exercise in the block level, also. \"Day to day public work is administrated by the ground level personnel and hence they need to be monitored from close quarters,\" said a party functionary.The non-gazetted employees of the state government had gone on strike for over a week in the district seeking arrest of Hansda for allegedly assaulting a clerk, Babulal Tudu, in the SDO office following brawl over issuance of caste certificate on July 11, this year. They returned to work after Hansda courted arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15483809", "title": "Commuters suffer as old autos go off roads", "text": "RANCHI: In recent days people in Ranchi are frequently seen standing on the roadside waiting expectantly for an empty autorickshaw to come by. The situation has worsened since August 1 when the district administration began seizing autorickshaws which are over 10 years old, following a high court order.Although people here are happy with the step taken by the administration, what has irked them is the fact that the administration has not come out with a viable alternative to ensure that the public do not face any difficulty in reaching their destinations, particularly, during peak hours.Rishabh, a college student, said, \"It is appreciable that the district administration is actually seizing the old autos to control pollution but they should have provided us with some alternative mode of transport to travel.\"In past twelve days more than 250 autorickshaws have been seized by the Ranchi traffic police. There are around 3,500 autos in the city out of which only 2,300 have been issued permits. DSP (traffic) RN Singh said, \"The drive started on August 1 and till date over 250 autos which are either over 10-year-old autorickshaws or not having permit have been seized. We will continue this drive till all the old autos are seized.\"People of the city seem worried as the number of autos will decrease even more in the coming days. \"City buses are an option but we cannot travel in them as these are always overcrowded. Now, I mostly travel by cycle-rickshaws but lately they have also increased the fare,\" said Vikas, a private firm employee.If anybody rides an autorickshaw which has no permit, the driver may ask him/her get off the vehicle mid-way on seeing a police constable. Ramya, a college student, said, \"Once I got into an autorickshaw which had no permit. As we were half-way to the destination the auto driver, on seeing a constable at the signal, forced the passengers to get off and fled the scene.\"Ranchi DC Vinay Chaubey said, \"According to the high court order neither can we increase the number of permits nor issue new permits. As we are moving to a metropolitan concept, people should also learn to wait for five-ten minutes for a autorickshaw or any order public transport. The condition is same in any other city following this traffic pattern.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15485157", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation fails to 'bell' stray cattle", "text": "NAGPUR: The civic body claims to have captured 218 cattle in the first 11 days of this month. However, the stray cattle menace on city roads remains as glaring as ever. There is hardly any road in the city free of stray cattle moving around and squatting, making driving difficult, say motorists.The problem of stray cattle is acute in congested localities like Central Avenue, Dharampeth, Sadar, Itwari etc. There are many narrow lanes in these areas where cattle congregate in large numbers. Even as the carriageway itself is insufficient for motorists, most of the space is occupied by the cattle. Commuters have to exercise great caution while moving in such lanes.Experts say that NMC needs at least four cattle catching squads to control the large number of bovines, but NMC is making do with only three trolleys to catch stray cattle. In fact, most of the times, all the cattle impounding trolleys can be found roaming city streets 'empty' or parked outside NMC offices for days on ends. Even when cattle are impounded, they are let off as soon as the owner pays a token fine.The veterinary department of NMC, however, denies all the allegations. \"Every year, NMC carries out a special drive as stray cattle pose a threat to smooth flow of traffic,\" said veterinary officer Dr G Mahalle. \"In this month we pounded 218 cattle and kept them in the shelter. We released the cattle after imposing a fine of Rs550 on owners,\" he said.According to the records, the civic body caught 1,834 stray cattle in 2011-2012 and collected Rs8.83 lakh fine.To a query, Dr Mahalle pointed out that the civic body lacks resources to completely control the cattle menace. There are eight cattle pounds in the city, at Dharampeth, Sitabuldi, Cotton Market, Khadan, Gangabai Ghat, Pardi, Somalwada and Jaitala. Of these, those at Sitabuldi, Khadan, Somalwada and Jaitala are non-functional due to ongoing maintenance works.Besides, the department does not have adequate manpower to set up more cattle catching squads, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15484299", "title": "State lags behind Bihar: HC on prosecutors\u2019 appointment", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government got one more rebuke from the Gujarat high court. This time it was in connection with appointment of prosecutors, when a division bench commented, \"We are lagging behind Bihar.\"The issue of low strength of additional government pleaders arose during a hearing on tax appeal before the bench of Justice V M Sahai and Justice N V Anjaria. A sales tax officer has filed an appeal and requested the court to pardon the delay caused in filing the appeal.Interestingly, the appeal came to be filed some 2,800 days after the limitation period was over. Normally, such appeals have to be filed within a couple of months after receipt of order from lower forums. As the delay was not enough, the taxation officer had drafted the appeal on his own and stated the reason that the delay was caused because of non-availability of services of prosecutors and stenographers.This alarmed the bench, which asked the advocate general Kamal Trivedi and government pleader Prakash Jani to explain the issue. The discussion boiled down to appointment of prosecutors, particularly additional government pleaders and assistant public prosecutors in the high court.The government pleader submitted that there is sufficient number of prosecutors appointed to look after government's litigation and the state government has also been taking steps to meet the requirement.However, the judges were not satisfied with the scenario and made several suggestions to fill in the vacancies of public prosecutors. Justice Sahai was particularly annoyed with the situation and remarked that Gujarat seems to be lagging behind Bihar. The judge further commented, \"If this continues, we may even leave UP behind. UP is the last one.\"The bench has asked the government to submit its reply in regard with the non-availability of legal officer for so many years in this matter by August 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15484087", "title": "ATS gets Abu Jundal\u2019s custody in arms haul case", "text": "MUMBAI: The anti-terrorism squad (ATS) on Monday secured the custody of suspected Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) operative Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal in the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case. He will be produced before a special Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) court on Tuesday.Jundal was first arrested by the Delhi police on June 25 after he was deported from Saudi Arabia. On July 20, the Mumbai crime branch took Jundal into custody in the 26/11 terror attack case. Jundal is suspected to be one of the handlers of the 10 Pakistani terrorists involved in the 26/11 carnage and had had allegedly taught them Hindi. Last week, Pakistani gunman Ajmal Kasab identified Jundal as his handler.Metropolitan magistrate P S Rathod awarded Jundal's custody to the ATS a day after he recorded his confessional statement.In its Aruangabad arms haul case chargesheet, the ATS said one of its teams chased a Tata Sumo and an Indica on Chandawd-Manmad highway near Aurangabad on May 8, 2006 and arrested three suspects. The team seized 30kg RDX, 10 AK-47 assault rifles and 3,200 bullets from them. Later, the police seized 13kg RDX, six AK-47s, 50 hand grenades and two swords from other suspects. Those arrested reportedly told the police that the consignment was brought by Jundal, who had fled. The source of the arms and ammunition is still not known. Jundal will be questioned about it, said sources.Meanwhile, prison authorities on Monday moved an application in the magisterial court, saying it was not safe to keep Jundal in Byculla jail, where he is currently lodged, and sought court's permission to move him to a more secure prison. The court has kept the matter pending as Jundal will be in ATS custody for some time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15484932", "title": "Punjagutta road reopened", "text": "HYDERABAD: Four days after a portion of the road caved in near Model House on the Khairatabad-Punjagutta stretch forcing the carriageway to be closed to traffic, two-wheelers and light motor vehicles were allowed on the stretch on Monday following repairs.Hyderabad additional commissioner (traffic) CV Anand said that heavy vehicles like buses would be allowed on the stretch from Tuesday.Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) officials said that restoration work on the road portion was almost complete. The stretch towards Punjagutta from Khairatabad has been repaired while a part of the carriageway from Punjagutta to Khairatabad is ready except for the laying of reinforced concrete slabs. \"The slab portion will be completed in two days and heavy vehicles will be allowed from Tuesday,\" GHMC engineer-in-chief R Dhan Singh told TOI. Meanwhile, GHMC officials identified the problem which led to a portion of the road caving in.They came to the conclusion that a dozen rubber tyres and nearly a tonne of plastic material that were found to have been choking the storm water drain had triggered the collapse.Civic officials said that the blockage was helped by the fact of these sewer lines being connected to the storm water drains by the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15486443", "title": "Granite row: more raids, arrests", "text": "MADURAI: It was an action-packed day in Madurai as the raids against granite quarries continued on Monday with the district police swooping down on 22 places in the city and the outskirts.The houses of 12 granite barons including P R Palanisamy of PRP Exports, and their offices were raided simultaneously by 22 special police teams.Police sources said the raid was confidential and the special parties consisting of nearly 200 police personnel were summoned at the early hours on Monday.At around 3 am, they were briefed about the raids, which commenced at 5.30 am.After large-scale irregularities were reported in granite quarries, action has been initiated against the quarry owners.Official teams have been cracking down on quarries to unearth irregularities from August 3. The raids revealed a mega scam in these quarries, violating all norms. Officials sealed the offices and granite polishing units of PRP recently. Police also seized bundles of documents pertaining to granite quarrying in two cars abandoned at Kondampatti near Melur on Sunday.Monday's large-scale raid was planned at the houses and offices of granite owners to unearth further details, police sources said.Police raided the house of PR Palanisamy at Anna Nagar and his daughter's house and brother-in-law's house in the same locality.PRP and PS Granite quarry offices in Melur, PRP's manager's hostel in Melur, forward bloc functionary Dinakaran's house in BB Kulam and other places were also raided. Police seized loads of documents from these spots and seized altogether Rs 17 lakh cash from the houses of PRP and his relatives.Police arrested three persons in this regard including a retired government official, Shanumugavel, who worked as assistant director in the Mines department for criminal conspiracy.Madurai SP V Balakrishnan said the raids were carried out to fast-track investigations into the irregularities as the police had registered cases against 12 granite firms on several charges including theft.\"Bundles of documents and money have been seized in the raids and the documents are being studied to get a picture of the transactions carried out by these firms. We have also seized 39 vehicles from the quarries of PRP and seized Rs 17 lakh cash from his houses. We have collected CDs, hard discs from computers in PRP's house but in his office, they were found removed,\" he said. Though no new cases were filed on Monday, police arrested three persons CA Shanmugavel, K Loganathan and A Balasubramani, one of the partners of Olympus Granites, the SP said.Police also arrested key associates of granite baron PR Palanisamy on Monday.They are C A Shanmugavel (63), a retired official from mines department who works as technical consultant for PRP granites and K Loganathan (56), legal advisor handling excise, customs and export formalities for the firm. Shanmugavel joined the department as assistant geologist in 1974.He was promoted as AD for mines for Madurai in 1994 but was later transferred to Ramanathapuram.Police said Shanmugavel started working for PRP after his retirement. He has vast expertise in geology and skills to judge granite quality in land without technical tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15485234", "title": "'Betiyan Bachao': Govt to go tough", "text": "PATNA: In a move to stop female feticide, the state government has decided to take action against women going for sex determination test with the forceful implementation of the Pre-Natal Diagnostic Test (PNDT) Act, 1994.Bihar health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey earlier admitted that the Act had not been strictly enforced in the state and expressed concern over the declining sex ratio in the state. He said, \"I admit the PNDT Act has not been implemented properly in the state. So far, action has been taken in only three cases. Among these three cases, the two hospitals, which were closed down for violating the law in the state capital, later resumed functioning only to be closed down again.\"Bihar's sex ratio, according to 2011 census, has gone down a bit. The male: female ratio was 1000:916 in 2011 while in 2001 it was 1000:919. Choubey said, \"Both, who are conducting the sex determination tests and those who are going for the same will be punished severely under the Act. Licenses of such centres will also be cancelled and legal action against them will follow. The imprisonment may extend up to three years with fine up to Rs 10,000.\"There are 1,145 registered ultrasound centres in Bihar of which around 60% are located at Patna itself. The state government has planned to undertake a fresh survey to find out how many new such centres have come up.The government on May 30 launched the 'Bitiya Bachao', or save daughter, campaign statewide to prevent female foeticide. Two new bodies have also been constituted to check female foeticide in the state including the state supervisory body chaired by the health minister himself and the other the state advisory body. The government also plans to take help of CID and other agencies to check female foeticide in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15485976", "title": "When Baroda was safe place to make crude bombs", "text": "VADODARA: Bachubhai Vyas remembers his midnight trips to 'Rangshala', a deserted place deep within the Kamati Gardens, in his teen days. His eyes start twinkling though he is 92. He was the ring leader of a group of boys, whose clandestine trips were dedicated to a dangerous task - that of making bombs! A veteran scribe enjoying his retirement now, Bachubhai relishes the memories of his 'Vaanar Sena' - named after Lord Hanuman's force in Ramayana.\"Every night, we would sneak out of our houses in the old city area and head to Rangshala, where an expert would be waiting for us to help make crude bombs. Those bombs were never used in Baroda since they were meant for British ruled areas. Baroda was a safe place to make the bombs and the carriers would take them to the British-ruled neighbouring districts,\" Vyas recalls. There were times, when either the bomb-expert or one of the boys would be forced to spend weeks indoors, after ending up with hugely swollen faces due to exposure to sulphur. \"I too swelled up once,\" he recalls.Sena's work did not end at bomb-manufacturing. Most of the boys would return home in the wee hours to find bundles of nationalist literature- dubbed, 'inflammatory or seditious' by the Britishers, at their doorsteps. \"At the crack of dawn, we would go around our colonies on our bicycles, pushing these booklets under doorsteps,\" says Vyas, whose father edited a monthly. Once, the state CID came sniffing and found an 'inflammatory' pamphlet at their house which was brought by Vyas, but the scribe father managed to evade arrest.Diwalipura-based 82-year-old LG Pandya lived in Ahmedabadi pol - one of the five pols in the old city area, and was part of the Vaanar Sena. \"We would go shouting \"Bharat chodo\" in our streets during the day. One day, a royal police subedar caught some of us and caned us on the hands before letting us off,\" recalls the Gandhian. \"Once, all the boys from the five pols went to Baroda railway station to have 'darshan' of Mahatma Gandhiji, who was travelling from Ahmedabad to Bombay,\" he recalled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15485152", "title": "Consumer fora have teeth: HC", "text": "KOCHI: Consumer Disputes Redressal Forums (CDRF), commonly known as consumer courts, can exercise powers similar to those conferred on judicial first class magistrate courts, and even conduct trials to ensure compliance with their orders, the Kerala high court ruled.On Monday, Justice S S Satheesachandran held that this was already clear in the Consumer Protection Act of 1986 and no separate conferment of powers by the government was required. He made this observation while dismissing a petition by LIS chairman P V Chacko seeking to quash an order by the CDRF of Ernakulam.The court explained that \"on such conferment of powers\" mentioned in the Consumer Protection Act in no way indicated that a separate notification from the government was required to enable CDRFs to exercise the powers of a first class judicial magistrate. Senior counsel and former advocate general M K Damodaran, who appeared for the LIS chairman, had pointed out that offences under the Consumer Protection Act have to be tried \"summarily''. The court clarified that CDRFs could indeed act summarily and didn't require special sanction from the high court. It was also within the purview of CDRFs to follow their own procedures in consonance with the Criminal Procedure Code regarding imposition of penalty, the court ruled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kokrajhar/ guwahati", "code": "15483743", "title": "Sonia Gandhi, Sushil Shinde meet riot-hit in Kokrajhar", "text": "KOKRAJHAR/ GUWAHATI: As chief minister Tarun Gogoi grapples with one of the worst ethnic conflicts during his three consecutive terms in the Congress-led government, Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi arrived in trouble-torn Kokrajhar on Monday.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi and his senior ministers accompanied the duo during the visit.Sonia and Shinde visited two relief camps in Kokrajhar district and four in Bilasipara sub-division of Dhubri district and took stock of the situation of the affected areas. While talking to the inmates, Sonia assured them of all steps, including ensuring the best possible security measure, to rehabilitate them.Terming restoration of peace and order as the priority of the government, Sonia said illegal arms, as alleged to be in circulation in the affected areas, would be confiscated and the rehabilitation process would start soon after deployment of adequate security forces. She said special attention would be given to minors as there are nearly 9,200 minors in 83 relief camps. Sonia also took stock of medical facilities at relief camps and asked the authorities concerned to take all possible steps for the welfare of the inmates.Although Shinde did not speak to the media during the visit, he reviewed the situation with chief minister Tarun Gogoi, Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) chief Hagrama Mohilary and senior officials of Assam Police and other security agencies. It was learnt that security would be stepped up further for smooth rehabilitation exercise as the inmates of relief camps were restive about going back to their respective villages.Mohilary said BTC should be allowed to handle home affairs in order to deal with ethnic strife currently afflicting BTAD.Sonia told newsmen in Kokrajhar that inmates of relief camps were eager to return home. She, however, said they might have to wait for sometime till the situation improves further. Sonia added that the state government is making adequate security measures to enable the riot-hit return home as soon as possible.On the other hand, representatives of 30 organizations met Shinde and Sonia and submitted a memorandum on the crisis of BTAD. The Co-ordination Committee for Communal Harmony (CCCH) said illegal Bangladeshi immigrants should be deported and National Register of Citizens (NRC) be updated.All Assam Minority Students' Union (AAMSU) members met Shinde and Sonia in Dhubri. The AAMSU delegation told the UPA chairperson and Shinde that displaced Muslims should be allowed to return to their villages as they are genuine Indian citizens.\"The Muslims affected in the violence should not be allowed to suffer more as they are genuine citizens of India. Let there be investigation after they are in their homes. We also want all illegal arms in BTAD to be seized because their availability will trigger more violence,\" said AAMSU general secretary Rezaul Karim Sarkar.All BTAD Koch Rajbangshi Students' Union president Sambaru Roy appealed to Sonia and Shinde to visit relief camps at Bijni in Chirang district. There are 16 relief camps in Bijni subdivision of Chirang, 10 belonging to Muslims, another 6 belonging to Bodos and Rajbangshis.After Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and former union minister P Chidambaram's visit to Kokrajhar last month, the visit of Sonia Gandhi and Sushil Kumar Shinde only tells about the gravity of the situation as the violence, which had already created ripples outside the boundaries of the state.The tumultuous monsoon session of Parliament on BTAD ethnic clash recently was followed by mob violence in South Mumbai. The demonstration, organised by Raza Academy in protest against the attacks on Muslims in BTAD and Myanmar, was an apparent manifestation of the fact that violence in Assam has the potential to trigger unrest in other parts of the country and also create more trouble to the Congress-UPA government at the Centre. BJP, in the monsoon session, already created a storm on the issue of Bangladeshi infiltration in the context of BTAD violence.Even All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) chief Badruddin Ajmal, who was vocal about the woes of Muslims affected in the ethnic clash, had to tone down a little. On Sunday, Ajmal had said the ethnic clash in BTAD should not only be seen as a fight between Bodos and Musliums alone, but between Bodos and non-Bodos. Ajmal argued that in previous violence in BTAD, non-Muslim communities also equally suffered.\"The visits of top leaders and ministers, including Prime Minister, are clear indication how serious ramification the BTAD violence can create if not handled properly right now. Already we have seen some of the impact of BTAD violence at the national level. The onus is now on the chief minister how fast and smoothly he tides over the crisis,\" a political analyst said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15485470", "title": "I-T report to box in Baba Ramdev ready", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is giving final touches to a two-volume report prepared by the income tax department on Baba Ramdev's trusts and ayurvedic ventures, possibly making a case for tax evasion against the yoga guru who on Monday launched an offensive against the Congress on the issue of black money.A senior finance ministry official said the report was the outcome of an ongoing scrutiny of accounts of Ramdev's trusts which began some time ago and its completion should not be construed as vendetta for his belligerent approach towards the government.On Monday, Ramdev called off his fast and launched an anti-Congress campaign, calling his supporters to mobilize people and oust the party in the next parliamentary polls, which he predicted would be advanced by a year.What Congress managers had not anticipated was the support Ramdev would garner in his call for \"Congress hatao desh bachao\". Not only did the BJP and its ally JD(U) share the yoga guru's platform but even some of Congress allies such as Samajwadi Party and BSP came out in support, giving jitters to the UPA.The I-T report on Ramdev, sources said, could lead to withdrawal of tax exemptions granted to his trusts, terming their activities as non-charitable and of commercial nature. Once exemption is withdrawn, Ramdev will not only be liable to pay tax but he may be slapped with punitive action akin to those initiated against tax evaders and money launderers.The tax liability being made out against the trusts, which can always be contested by the yoga guru, is likely to be in the range of Rs 250 crore to Rs 300 crore which include interest and penalty for the six year period for which all transactions have been scrutinized, sources said.Some of the transactions of Ramdev's ayurvedic companies and shifting of profit have been questioned in the report, sources said. The report is believed to have held his Patanjali Yogpeeth responsible for all profit making in the name of charity, and evading taxes.The report has analyzed balance sheets of these trusts and gone into finer details such as expenditure made on chartered aircraft and earnings made from several yoga camps and donations and how they have been used. However, the government is waiting for Ramdev's response before any action is initiated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15485228", "title": "Woman electrocuted, people resort to protest", "text": "PATNA: Agitated over the electrocution of a woman, Kunti Devi, at Dhanuki Mor on New Bypass road under Agamkuan police station on Monday morning, the locals blocked the road and attacked passing vehicles.Police said Kunti had gone to attend the nature's call early morning when she came in contact with a live electric wire and died on the spot. Soon, a large number of local people assembled there, blocked the main road and pelted vehicles with stones. They were demanding compensation to the woman's kin and lodging of FIR against the officials of local electric substation. The drama continued for over four hours, badly disrupting the traffic. The locals alleged they had informed the power board officials regarding presence of a live wire three days ago, yet no action was taken by the officials concerned, police added.On getting information, SDPO, Patna City, Sushil Kumar along with local police reached the spot and pacified the agitating people. The road blocked was later lifted. The SDPO said an FIR against the officials of local substation had been lodged with the police station concerned.Valuables stolen: Cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 2.60 lakh were stolen from the house of a schoolteacher, Avani Bhushan, located at Tari Godown locality under Danapur police station. Bhushan works in Kendriya Vidyalaya, Danapur Cantt.Bhushan said he, along with his wife and two sons, had gone to Kolkata on Friday after locking his flat located on the first floor. The house belongs to one Vinay Ranjan Das. \"When we returned on Monday, my wife saw the doors open,\" Bhushan said and added that generally Das stays at the house. \"But he had gone to his daughter's house on Boring Canal Road and the theft took place during that period,\" he said.He said they had kept Rs 60,000 cash and gold jewellery in an almirah. The thieves broke open the almirah and took away the valuables.Man shot dead: One Rinkoo Yadav was gunned down close to his house at Ramjichak under Digha police station late on Monday evening.Digha police station SHO P K Jha said that Yadav had a dispute over a bike with his friend Billa. He said that both Rinkoo and Billa were wandering together on Monday evening. Prima facie, it seems that Billa shot him dead and escaped, the SHO said and added that Rinkoo's family members had lodged an FIR against Billa with the local police. Raids were on to arrest him, the SHO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15483711", "title": "Organ donation: VIPs are ok, but what about common man?", "text": "MUMBAI: Gujarat chief minister Narenda Modi's tweet about his health officials looking for a cadaveric liver donation for ailing Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh\u2014before Monday's developments in Chennai\u2014has been the topic of discussion in the medical fraternity.Many doctors hope it will not only bring the spotlight on the poor rate of cadaver donation in the country, but also highlight the pathetic coordination between various states in this regard. It is, for instance, not easy for a solid organ such as the liver to be packed from Mumbai to Delhi or vice-versa. Most states\u2014except for Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka\u2014do not even have a state-government-run organization to coordinate a cadaver donation programme. \"At present, there are no guideline on who should be talking to whom. Doctors from private hospitals talk to their counterparts in other states and transfer organs, with ethics taking a backseat and monetary considerations as the only guiding light,\" said a doctor.A cadaveric donation occurs when the family of a patient who has been declared brain dead agrees to donate his or her organs (mainly kidneys and liver). But the numbers in most states except Tamil Nadu are extremely low. Mumbai, which was the first in the country to set up an official body, called the Zonal Transplantation Coordination Centre, to oversee cadaveric organ donations, registers less than 20 such donations a year.In 2004, an attempt to send a liver from Mumbai to Pune failed as no proper rules had been drawn up for the purpose. More recently, Chennai's heart transplant surgeon K Cherian wrote to the Maharashtra government complaining about hearts not being retrieved in Mumbai's hospitals.In contrast, the US, which is geographically much bigger than India, has a central organ bank that coordinates about patients who are to receive organs.Times View : Free cadaver donation from red tapeThe cadaver donation and organ transplant mechanism in India needs to be unshackled immediately from red tape. Too much of bureaucratese and arbitrariness are the twin problems that block life-saving transplants in most states in India. The Gujarat government's move to help the ailing Vilasrao Deshmukh is welcome; but this should be rule for everyone and not an exception for the privileged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15484352", "title": "Horse handlers abuse, threaten NGO members", "text": "MUMBAI: A complaint was filed against a representative of Victoria horse owners for verbally abusing and threatening a committee constituted by the Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI), a statutory body under the Ministry of Environment and Forests.The committee, comprising animal rights activists and veterinarians from People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) and Rahat group, was reportedly stopped from inspecting the health of horses in south Mumbai by their handlers on Saturday.On Friday, members of People for Animals too were physically and verbally abused by carriage owners and drivers, and their inspection was stalled, said animal activist Rachel Koyama.The Bombay high court has directed NGO officials to identify horses in need of treatment and report them to the executive health officer of the municipal corporation.Despite handlers not allowing inspection, the committee managed to do so from a distance. It has concluded that severely lame animals were being forced to work, many had leg injuries, spiked bits and sub-standard saddles had been fitted on the animals, several were also being forced to carry passengers beyond permissible limits. This report and evidence will be submitted to the HC and AWBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "15485765", "title": "University Grants Commission pumps in big bucks for coastal research", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The University Grants Commission (UGC) has sanctioned Rs 74.80 lakh to Berhampur University's marine science department to undertake research on Integrated Coastal Zone Management (ICZM).The five-year project was sanctioned under the UGC's special assistance programme (SAP), said Bhanja Vihar vice chancellor JK Mohapatra. The history and Odia departments have also received Rs 39 lakh and Rs 85 lakh respectively under the UGC's scheme to conduct research on people's history and folk and tribal studies in southern Odisha.\"The sanction of the research project on the ICZM by the UGC assumes importance in the backdrop of a long coastline of about 482-km in the state. Several lakhs of people in the state depend on the sea for their livelihood,\" the vice chancellor added.Management and conservation of coastal marine ecosystems in recent years was made mandatory for all maritime states worldwide after the Earth Summit at Rio de Janerio a decade ago, he said.\"We will carryout the research on the coastal biodiversity, conservation and management, coastal pollution and water quality management and the erosion under the project\", said head of the marine science department Kali Charan Sahu.While equipments worth around Rs 32 lakh would be purchased for the project, Rs 4 lakh would be spent on collecting satellite data from the National Remote Sensing Centre (NRSC) in Hyderabad, Sahu said.The students of the oceanography and marine biology would be entrusted to their filed studies in the project, while two full time research assistances, which were sanctioned by the UGC, would be appointed, Sahu said.Meanwhile, the university has submitted a proposal to the UGC for establishment of a \"centre for extension services on coastal zone management\" in the university under its 12th five year plan. The university has sought Rs 15.50-crore for the centre, which would create awareness among sea users, conservationists and different self help groups in the coastal area on protection and conservation of different biodiversity hotspots, minimization of pollution and to develop the eco-tourism projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15485074", "title": "ACP Sattaiah murder: Qadeer\u2019s jail term illegal, wife says", "text": "HYDERABAD: Arguing that the government cannot discriminate between the span of imprisonment of one life convict and the other, Pushpinder Kaur, the lawyer for M A Qadeer, who is in jail for the murder of ACP Sattaiah in 1990, said on Monday that he should be immediately released.In a representation to special chief secretary (home) M Chaya Ratan, Kaur stated on behalf of Qadeer's wife Sabera Begum that his imprisonment for more that 22 years violates a Supreme Court order of 2007.She said that the government had argued for Qadeer's life-long imprisonment based on a government order (GO 93 dated April 24, 2004) which says that a person convicted of killing a public servant has to be in prison until his or her death. But the Supreme Court had said that there can be no discrimination in the term of punishment between one life convict and the other. Though life conviction is for 20 years, the convict is ordinarily released after he completes 14 years in prison.Kaur also argued that the GO came later while the murder was committed in 1990, and hence it cannot be applied to Qadeer.Kaur presented the memo to the special chief secretary, home, and IG, prisons, at the August 3 directive of the high court. The court has asked the government to give a 'reasoned response' to the wife of Qadeer within six weeks of receiving the petition from her.She said that she was seeking the release of Qadeer on both legal and humanitarian grounds. Qadeer is suffering from multiple ailments including high level diabetes and the family had urged the government earlier to release the 61-year-old convict on humanitarian grounds. \"The special chief secretary has informed me Qadeer will be released for three days this month to celebrate Ed with his family,\" Kaur told TOI.Qadeer was a constable when he murdered ACP Sattiah during the communal riots that took place in Hyderabad in 1990.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15485008", "title": "Students demand civic amenities", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was a day of non-stop protests by students on Panjab University campus on Monday. Since the joining of the new vice-chancellor, it was the first time that students blocked his office gates and restricted entry of vehicles to demand better amenities for students.Over 60 members of Indian National Students Organization (INSO) protested against pitiable conditions in the university hostels. These students protested and raised voice against anomalies in the functioning of hostels and against faulty hostel allotment policy.\"We have been raising concern over the inappropriate behaviour of canteen and mess contractors, who are not providing facilities according to PU standards,\" Anil Ghangas, an INSO representative, said. He pointed out that hostel roofs were leaking and girls were rattled by sudden appearance of snakes in their hostel rooms. PU INSO president Somvir Singh said hostellers were living under inhuman conditions.\"The tall claim of PU that its campus is wi-fi is a joke since in most departments and hostels, wi-fi does not work at all,\" Singh added.Students rued that the toilets and bathrooms in all old hostels need renovation.Meanwhile, SOPU staged a protest on campus and submitted a memorandum to VC regarding certain demands of the BDS students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15484905", "title": "Stage set for Maloya seat byelections", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The stage is set for the byelection of ward number seven as election commission on Monday held meeting with the representatives of all political parties regarding discussion over voter list of the ward and constitution of booths. Though the date is yet to be declared, sources revealed that as per the ongoing exercise, the election will be conducted next month. An all-party meeting will again be called on August 21.There would be total 11 booths and two polling stations for around 14,800 voters in the constituency comprising Maloya colony and Maloya village. The commission on Monday asked to file an objection, if any, and BJP objected, saying residents of Maloya Colony have to travel 1km to cast votes and wanted a booth there.Though, things are yet to be finalized, sources in election commission revealed that the commission has almost made up its mind to issue notification in this regard on August 21 and nomination will be filed from August 21 to 28. The commission is likely to conduct polls on September 15.When asked, Chandigarh Territorial Congress Committee president B B Behl said, \"Our representative attended the meeting on Monday and new next meeting is scheduled on August 21.\" On the other hand, BJP councillor Arun Sood said, \"We had one objection and requested to commission to set up booths in Maloya Colony so that resident won't have to travel a lot.\"Sources said code of conduct will come in force after announcement of poll date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15484738", "title": "Awakening the patriot within", "text": "LUDHIANA: City schools have made elaborate plans to celebrate Independence Day.At KVM, Civil Lines, the day will start with a 'prabhat pehri'. Principal Namita Puri, \"This Independence Day, the students found a new way to communicate to people various issues regarding corruption and social concerns. We have prepared around 5,000 pamphlets pointing out common issues regarding national concern, which will be distributed all over the city. By doing this we plan to do our bit for the society.\"The girls from Guru Nanak College for Women, Model Town, are also geared to celebrate the day with great excitement. As a part of the celebrations, the girls got their faces painted with tricolours and also indulged in nail art using saffron, green and white. \"I painted my friends nails using the colours of the flags, it was so much fun. We discovered our creative side on Independence Day,\" said Gurpreet Kaur, a resident of Model Town.\"Independence Day is about awakening patriotic feelings among oneself \u2014 be it by singing a song or painting your face with tricolour. This year, as a part of our college activity, I painted my classmate's faces with tricolours. The activity was fun and it also helped awaken our patriotic feelings,\" said Rupinder, a resident of Model Town.The International Institute of Fashion and Technology (IIFT), BRS Nagar, is already in celebration mode. The students decorated the institute with the colours of the Indian flag and corridors were covered with artwork and tricolour ribbons. A painting competition is also being planned for the hearing and speech impaired students from Sarabha Nagar, Bal Bhawan and an orphanage.The Olive Kid, Civil Lines, are also preparing to celebrate Independence Day with kids dressed as famous Indian personalities like Indira Gandhi , Mahatma Gandhi , Sachin Tendulkar . A poem reciting competition will also be held at the occasion with patriotism as its theme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "15483632", "title": "Stung by LF's rebel nexus jibe, Congress demands probe", "text": "AGARTALA: Tripura Pradesh Congress Committee (TPCC) president Sudip Roy Barman on Monday demanded an inquiry into allegations of a possible nexus between political leaders and insurgents in the state by a sitting Supreme Court judge.Roy Barman, reacting to CPM state secretary Bijan Dhar's comment on Sunday, said the CPM, without any proof, has been accusing opposition party leaders of maintaining connections with banned outfits of the state.On Sunday, Dhar had alleged that Indigenous Nationalist Party of Tripura (INPT) general secretary Jagadis Debbarma and two of his associates were actively involved in re-grouping National Liberation Front of Tripura (NLFT) militants before the forthcoming assembly elections.Dhar had also stated that Congress and INPT have been trying very hard to disrupt peace in the state and mobilize militants in their favour during the elections. Dhar had alleged that NLFT cadres, arrested recently, had revealed this information.\"Without the help of militants, the Congress-INPT combine will not be able to manage seats in double digits in the coming elections. Realizing this, the entire opposition is now in the process of reviving insurgency in Tripura,\" Dhar had further said.Roy Barman alleged that the Left-Front government has been apathetic to repeated Congress demands for an inquiry and rather preferred to blame the opposition without any valid reason or evidence.INPT chief Bijay Kr Hrankhwal was also critical of the Left party and said before every election, the CPM leveled such baseless allegations against the opposition just to divert attention of the administration and general public from important issues.\"Tripura CPM has some leaders who frequently travel to Bangladesh to meet militant leaders. In the last assembly elections, they had spoken to ATTF supremo Ranjit Debbarma, who used to be a CPM cadre, and sought his help. This was published in ATTF's mouthpiece,\" alleged Roy Barman.He said, \"We also demanded a proper inquiry by the National Investigating Agency (INA) or any other competent organization but the state government never agreed because it knows its weakness regarding the militants.\"Dhar's allegation of a possible nexus between political parties and militants is very dangerous in the context of national security. Hence, it needs thorough investigation either by a sitting Supreme Court judge or by the NIA, Roy Barman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15485460", "title": "Austerity drive will take away Yuva Dasara joy", "text": "MYSORE: With the government deciding to scale down this year's Dasara celebrations, some events like Yuva Dasara, designed to entertain the visitors, will be taken off the menu.The flagship festival of the state will not be a low-key affair though. Dasara procession, the USP of Mysore's annual carnival, will be right on the course, so do the cultural events. The 10-day festival will kick off with the Dasara elephants ambling out of the woods on September 7. The austerity measures means that expenses incurred for things like erecting pandals at various venues, purchasing bouquets for the dignitaries and printing invites will be curbed.District minister S A Ramdas on Monday said Dasara will be celebrated with traditional fervour.\"We will target visitors from overseas,\" he said after holding a discussion with the elected representatives who asked him not to make it a low-key affair.Seeking to strike a balance between chief minister Jagadish Shettar's directive to scale down the festivities and stakeholders in the tourism sector's demand for grand celebrations, it has now decided to suspend some of the events like Yuva Dasara which had emerged as topper among cultural events hosting musical evenings by musicians from Bollywood. Events like Dasara marathon, which will be held 15 days ahead of Dasara, will be rescheduled. With the government releasing Rs 6 crore for the festivities, Ramdas is now looking to save the funds by generating additional money from the private sector. He is looking at sponsors, mainly corporates, to get money for the celebrations.The plan is to save money and return it to the government for drought relief. During 2011, the district administration got Rs 2 crore by way of sponsorship, which was introduced in 2005 as a tool to get funds and also engage private sector in the festivities.Mysore Chamber of Commerce and Industry chairman Sudhakar S Shetty welcomed the decision to hold the festivities with traditional fervour. \"I'm also happy that they are cutting down unnecessary expenses. We'll help the officials get sponsors if they approach us,\" Shetty said.The works, including asphalting the main roads, will be taken up from next week. All works will be completed by October 5, 10 days ahead of the festivities, Ramdas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15484688", "title": "Bail-jumper leads attack on student", "text": "Raman Kumar, 24, a law student of Panjab University, was attacked with sharp-edged weapons by a group of six youths led by Lowrence Bishnoi near Sector 45 on Saturday night. The incident took place around 10.45pm when Raman was returning from his father's shop. The prime accused Lowrence Bishnoi has jumped bail in three cases including one attempt to murder case and a case under the Arms Act. Two other associates of Lowrence have been identified as Goldy Brar and Monti Shah.Police claimed though injured Raman and accused Bishnoi belonged to a student organization, personal rivalry was the reason behind the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15486793", "title": "Chennai health officer pays for cholera data gaffe", "text": "CHENNAI: Three weeks after TOI reported that the Chennai Corporation was trying to cover up cholera deaths despite its registry showing that 29 people had died of the disease, the government on Monday suspended the city's top health official.The government took disciplinary action against city health officer P Kuganantham, who had claimed after the report was published that the registry's figures were incorrect, and four other officials from the corporation's health department. The government directed the corporation to suspend the officials for dereliction of duty, releasing confidential data and a gross botch-up in a serious situation.The punitive action was based on a probe ordered by the government and the corporation into \"discrepancies\" in the corporation's official death registry.The investigation was headed by joint commissioner (health) Pooja Kulkarni, who submitted a report to the government recently, a corporation official said.On the government's directions, the corporation ordered the suspension of Kuganantham, statistics officer Mohammed Kali Fadullah Sherif and sanitary inspectors S Selvarani (zone 11), S Martin (zone 11) and T Moses Prabhakar (zone 8).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15485577", "title": "Cops gear up for I-Day parade", "text": "BANGALORE: To ensure all goes well on Independence Day, police will deploy 2,000 personnel and an additional 750 traffic cops for the parade.Police commissioner BG Jyothiprakash Mirji said Field Marshal Manekshaw Parade Grounds, off MG Road, will be kept under hawk's eye with 45 surveillance cameras. Police personnel will also be given video cameras to keep watch on suspicious elements frequenting the venue.\"We have no specific terror threat inputs from the central intelligence agency and people needn't unnecessarily feel insecure. There is no need to worry as we are fully prepared,\" said Mirji, who supervised a security drill at the parade grounds on Monday.Parking normsInvitees with yellow car passes should take Gate No. 1 from Cubbon Road and park their vehicles on the western side of Parade Grounds. Those with white car passes and secretaries to the government, military and police officers, should use Gate No.2 on Cubbon Road in front of the Military Supply Depot and park their vehicles on the north-eastern side of the parking lot. Those with pink passes should park their vehicles at BRV Police Parade Grounds and walk to the venue. Green pass holders should park their vehicles in the parking lot on Kamaraj and Main Guard Cross Road.Two-wheeler owners should park on Kamaraja Road's northern side and occupy their seats after entering from Gate No. 3. Those who don't have car passes can park on Kamaraj Road parking area and enter the ground through Gate No. 3.Traffic curbsTraffic will be diverted from 8.30am to 10.30am from BRV Junction to Kamaraj Road junction on both directions on Cubbon Road. Vehicles coming from Anil Kumble Circle towards Manipal Centre on Cubbon Road will move to Central Street-BRV Junction, Central Street junction, take a right at Infantry Road, proceed towards Safina Plaza and take a left at Main Guard Road. From there, they can take Allies Circle, Dispensary Road, Kamaraj Road and Dickenson Road junction and take a right to Kamaraj Road to take a left turn towards Manipal Centre. On the reverse direction, motorists have to take a left at Kamaraj Road Junction to reach MG Road and go further.No cellphonesOwing to security reasons, all invitees and others attending the parade can't bring mobile phones, cameras, radio, umbrella and any other equipment to the ground. All must be seated before 8.30am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "15484989", "title": "Rowdies beat up students, two critical", "text": "BARASAT: At least five students of Ashwinipally High School near Barasat were beaten up severely on Monday after they protested against a group of youths who were teasing the schoolgirls. The injured students were later taken to Barasat district hospital. Two of them were reported to be critically injured.Police have started looking for the culprits after the school authority lodged a complaint. But no one had been arrested till last report came in.Trouble broke out during the recess time when some boys and girls of Class XI were chatting near the gate inside the school campus. Some youths from outside allegedly passed lewd comments at the girls. An altercation broke out between the schoolboys and the outsiders, but teachers and employees rushed in and managed the situation.After the school hours, the students were attacked by the group. \"At least 20 to 22 youths were in the gang and they were waiting outside the school,\" a student said. The attackers, however, managed to escape from the spot. \"Some youths from outside used to gather at the school gate and make chaos in front of the school. We earlier asked them several times not to crowd the school gate but they refused to listen. We appealed to the police to take a stern action against the attack on our students,\" said Shyam Sundar Paul, the school headmaster.\"We have received a complaint. Raids are being conducted to nab the attackers,\" a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15483970", "title": "Don\u2019t give strike call, HC tells state doctors\u2019 body", "text": "MUMBAI: Don't give a strike call, the Bombay high court told the Maharashtra Association of Resident Doctors (MARD) on Monday, after the state government informed court that a redressal mechanism is in place to resolve their grievances.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing a public interest litigation filed by Afaq Mandaviya against MARD's call to strike work at LTMG Hospital in Sion, and urged enforcement of the Essential Services Maintenance Act (ESMA).\"Do you have to give a call for a strike? Can't you approach the higher authorities and sort out issues?\" Justice Shah asked MARD president Dr Aniket Bansode. \"The government must form a mechanism for redressal of grievances,'' he said.Additional government pleader G W Mattos informed court that the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) had devised a mechanism to redress MARD's grievances. He said on August 10, 2012, Dr Sanjay Oak, director, Medical Education and Major Hospitals, wrote to the additional municipal commissioner (western suburbs) to immediately form a three- member committee comprising Dr Dere, a representative of the Sion Hospital dean and a Mard nominee. \"A cell will also be constituted to address grievances comprising three staff members and three MARD representatives,'' added Mattos. BMC advocate Geeta Joglekar said the three-member committee was already working.But Mandaviya's advocate Pradeep Havnur reminded the court of the 'damage' done by MARD during its 2009 strike. \"Several deaths have taken place. Can they play with human lives?'' asked Havnur. Mattos said MARD \"never intended to go on strike\" and there was not even a notice issued. Havnur said even a call for a strike can invite action under ESMA.The judges disposed of the plea as they were \"satisfied that remedial steps have been taken to resolve the controversy''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15483559", "title": "Efforts to revive Bezbaruah's Odisha home", "text": "GUWAHATI: Governor Janaki Ballav Patnaik said that efforts were being made to restore the erstwhile residence of the great Assamese litterateur, Lakshminath Bezbaruah, at Sambalpur in Odisha.On August 9 last, the governor had visited the office of the revenue inspector at Nelson Mandela Chowk in Sambalpur, which was once home to Bezbaruah. Pattnaik visited Sambalpur to attend the 150th anniversary of legendary poet Gangadhar Meher.Hailing Lakshminath Bezbaruah (1868-1938) as the father of modern Assamese literature, Patnaik said that efforts were being made to revive the place and develop it as a cultural centre as desired by the people of Assam. He said the Odisha government has agreed to the proposal. Patnaik added that he had been made to understand that the litigation over the land was subjudice in the high court and urged the litigant owner to cooperate and pave the way for work on the proposed cultural centre. Patnaik was accompanied by Sambalpur ADM Madhab Chandra Beriha, ASP Dillip Deo and others.The building in question, known as 'Bezbaruah Kuthi', was the home of the writer during his stay at Sambalpur from 1917-1932. In 1977, the matter went to court. The case has remained pending before the high court since 1985.The state government is eager to preserve the house and convert it into Bezbarua Smriti Bhavan, a memorial.The litterateur was inspired by his surroundings in Sambalpur and had produced some unforgettable works which reflected the lifestyle and traditions of the places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15485414", "title": "Drawing inspiration from life\u2019s subtleties", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Each time you look at Ezhilarasan E's paintings, you can interpret them differently. A visit to his exhibition, 'NON- No Objects Necessary', currently on at the La Gallery 360, is like wading through a pensive pool.Ezhilarasan, the artist from Puducherry finds his inspiration from the subtleties of life, the fleeting images of it he grasps on his journeys on his bike. His theme varies anywhere between love and the discomfiture of urban life. \"For me painting abstract art happens when I am overwhelmed with a particular thought or emotion. I paint till I am sure I have captured the essence of that thought or feeling,\" said the artist.That the painter's contemplation transcended just the exterior world is evident from his piece, 'Inside Your Body'. The piece tells you that your body is not just the mere outer appearance you see. To appreciate the true beauty of your body, you have to go to the insides -- the intricate system that lays beneath the skin will entice you.Ezhilarasan's titles are equally interesting. For instance, his 'ART &amp; XE2' can be interpreted as the juxtaposition of two concepts that denotes liberation and oppression in our social context. Art liberates you. The euphemistic 'XE2' is a dig at the way the Indian society has tabooed sex. \"We are still conservative when it comes to sex. People don't talk about it openly and it is something always hidden,\" feels Ezhilarasan.Another notable aspect of the artists' 26 paintings on display at the gallery is the colour combination he has slathered across the canvasses. Another mentionable piece is 'How They Enjoyed'. The 'They' being a reference to children. \"Children do what they want all the time. They are the most abandoned and happiest lot in that sense,\" said the artist. A few of the paintings were done by his nephew Achilles Santhakumar when he was a 2-year-old.The show will be open between 10.30am and 6pm till August 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "15485919", "title": "Karantaka plans comprehensive horticulture scheme", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Horticulture and sugar minister S.A.Ravindranath said that the state government has demarcated Rs 520 crore grants for implementing the comprehensive horticulture development scheme in Karantaka. He was addressing the gathering after inaugurating the scheme in Davanagere on Monday.The minister said Rs 305 crore has been released in the first phase to take up the scheme. The scheme will be totally implemented in three years, covering all the districts in the state. The scheme will help over 50,000 horticulture families in the state and it will help to enhance over 4 lakh tonnes of horticulture produce, he said. The scheme will be initially implemented in 15,000 hectares and by the end of three years it will reach over 50,000 hectares of horticulture gardens, he added. Chief whip of legislative council A H Shivayogiswamy, Mayakonda MLA Basavaraj Naik, ZP chairman Chidananda Igooru, CMC mayor Sudha Jayarudresh were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15484800", "title": "Inadequate, unfit water supply swamp Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: The industrial hub of Punjab is submerged in water supply problems. Not only is the supply inadequate, but also unfit for consumption. As, submersible pumps, which do not have chlorinators, supply most of the water to residents.The municipal corporation supplies 365 million litre per day (MLD) of water to the city through 709 tube wells. Of these, 441 tube wells that are of 33 horse power can be chlorinated, but 268 submersible pumps \u2014 including 80 of 25 horse power and 188 of 12.5 horse power \u2014 cannot be chlorinated, as these are fitted deep in the earth. And of the big 441 tube wells, there are many whose chlorinators do not function.Unhappy with the city's water scene, Ashu Singhania, a resident of Model Town, said, \"Unlike Chandigarh where water supply is clean and even tap water can be used for drinking, the city does not provide potable water which is a basic requirement.\"The low supply is also a cause of worry, with many tube wells and submersible pumps over 25 years old. Gundeep Khurana, a timber merchant from Dugri Urban Estate, said, \"Why will anyone use motor if the supply is proper? It only inflates our power bills. The MC should ensure a proper and clean water supply.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15485946", "title": "Youth Cong to seek opinion poll on BJP", "text": "BANGALORE: With state assembly elections fast approaching, the Congress seems to be getting active. The youth wing of the party has decided to go hammer and tongs against the ruling BJP. Karnataka Pradesh Youth Congress Committee (KPYCC) is conducting a survey asking people if they want the BJP government to continue.Those willing to vote can do so either by SMS, phone, online or at the physical booths. The question is: Do you want the BJP government to continue? The answer sought is one word: yes or no.KPYCC is launching a website yuvadwani.com for people to vote online or send SMS. Those who wish to vote by phone can do so by giving a missed call. The online campaign will be open from August 16 to 24.As far as the physical voting is concerned, it will be on August 24 across the state. The office-bearers said there would be 10 booths for every assembly constituency in the state. Besides, there are mobile booths stationed at crowded areas. The votes will be counted and results announced on August 25.When contacted, KPYCC general secretary Lokesh Nayak said the booths would be kept at busy areas like malls, multiplexes, IT corridors and industrial areas. The result will be a referendum on the BJP government,'' he added.Also, KPYCC is putting up hoardings depicting the scams, corruption and alleged misdeeds of the BJP leaders through caricatures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15485204", "title": "Food security a distribution problem: Binayak Sen", "text": "HYDERABAD: Forty six per cent of the country's children are malnourished while 35% of Indian adults have an abysmally low Body Mass Index (BMI) of less than 18.5, said paediatrician and social activist Dr Binayak Sen. He said it was not the food security bill but better a food distribution system which would be an effective way to address these issues.Sen was speaking at a seminar on the issue of hunger, famine and food distribution in the country organized at the English and Foreign Languages University.\"The food security bill will take us several steps backward if passed in its existing shape.\"Its form needs special care and attention. Universalisation of the public distribution system is essential along with the substitution of tobacco and sugarcane with food crops. Localisation of food production is also important to avoid food from rotting in storerooms even as people die of starvation in our country,\" Sen said. Urging students and youngsters to discuss and analyse the truth of the situation he appealed to them to not get fooled by the government propaganda of identifying BPL citizens for distribution of foodgrains. He maintained that it was necessary to see to it that every citizen got an adequate share of foodgrains.Sen answered questions regarding apt methods of distribution and also touched upon the possibility of a system of food coupons being adopted.The vice-president of Peoples' Union for Civil Liberties also took questions on his alleged involvement with naxalites . \"If you are asking me why people are being called Maoists for raising their voice, I can't answer that question because the same thing happened to me. These questions must be directed to the state,\" said Sen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "matigara (siliguri)", "code": "15484756", "title": "Bonny Pal strikes a new goal", "text": "MATIGARA (SILIGURI): 'Bonny' Pal clearly remembers the last day when he was Bandana Pal. \"We were to fly to Bangkok for the 1998 Asiad, and had a friendly practice match with the men's football team, against players like Bhaichung Bhutia, Vijayan and Ancheri. We played spiritedly and held them to a draw. Many people were dumbfounded by the scoreline. I dribbled like a dream that day but the match sealed my fate. I was taken for a medical test and thrown out of the team. They told me that I was a man. The ground beneath my feet started shaking and the sky fell on my head. I had woven all my dreams around the Asiad...,\" Bonny could say no more, choking in a surge of emotion.Bonny, who looks more like a young boy in his late teens, had gone into collective oblivion for more than 14 years. If Pinki Pramanik's case had not come to the fore, Bandana would have been forgotten for ever. \"If I had got the support that Pinki is getting now, I would not have lost football,\" said Bandana, who almost singlehandedly made Bengal the national champion in 1994. That was the last time Bengal was crowned queen.Now, the Darjeeling district sports authority has thrown a lifeline to Bonny - to coach the under-18 football team.Bonny still shudders at the memory of the dark days of 1998. \"I ran from one doctor to another. I was brought up as a girl. I always thought myself as a girl. I was completely puzzled, panicky and traumatised by the sudden decision of Sports Association of India medical board. It took me quite a long time to overcome the shock. Football meant everything to me. I used to eat, sleep and breathe football. After being left out of the Asiad squad, I lost both my identities - as a woman and as footballer,\" Bonny told TOI, his fingers expertly moulding clay into exquisite figures.\"Bandana was an excellent player. Her expulsion from the team became decisive for our fate in the game. As a coach I was as helpless as Bandana when I came to know about her expulsion. She was meted out gross injustice. If she'd be playing today, her case would have been treated differently. She would not have lost the chance to excel at the international level,\" said Kuntala Ghosh Dastidar, Bandana's co-player and later on his coach.As newspapers followed every embarrassing tidbit about the exclusion, it became difficult for Bandana to live in his conservative lower-middle-class home at Gobordanga in North 24-Parganas. \"I could not understand how to face the world outside. I could not even face myself. I left home in utter despair and helplessness and started roaming around wherever my feet took me. Without any planning, I somehow landed up at Krishnagore (a place in Nadia famous for clay models) one day and came across Gautam Pal, an artisan. I started working in his studio. I discovered another me. I used to make idols earlier. In fact, I had bought my football kit by selling my idols.\"It was not easy for Bandana to give up football. He waited for public memory to fade and twice tried to come back. But both his attempts were abortive with people recognising him and raising hue and cry. \"It was a terrible ordeal. But it forced me take the decision that I have to live with my new identity. I tried my best to forget my life as a footballer and carved out a new path as an artisan. For survival, I did odd jobs in the off-season, like working as a truck cleaner, as an ayah for a terminally ill patient and painting billboards.\"He kept saving every paisa he could, until he had enough money - and courage - to see a gynaecologist for a sex-change operation. He was tired of living somewhere in between a male and female existence. \"I needed a clear-cut identity of my own.\" Bandana became Bonny.In Krishnagore, Bonny came across a young woman, Swati, who used to admire his clay work. \"She used to stand a little apart, keep staring at my work and would leave without saying a word. One day, I confronted her, and she was flabbergasted. We soon fell in love. I spoke to her mother. I told her that I would marry her. She readily agreed. I then wanted to take Swati somewhere so that I could speak my heart out. I wanted Swati mother's permission. She agreed and we landed up in Gangtok.\"\"I needed to speak to her in detail. She is a completely normal woman. My case was abnormal. She had to know everything about me. I was very apprehensive. My life depended on it. But I found her amazingly intelligent. She understood my altered existence, my crisis, trauma and agony. She accepted me and became the only rock-solid support in my life,\" Bonny said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15485206", "title": "BJP stalls House over black money", "text": "NEW DELHI: There was ruckus in Rajya Sabha on Monday over the issue of black money with BJP members demanding an explanation from the government as to what it was doing to bring back \"kaala dhan''. The issue was raised during zero hour by senior BJP leader Venkaiah Naidu who demanded a statement from the government, citing the march to Parliament organized by yoga guru Baba Ramdev.BJP leaders insisted on seeking a time-frame to bring back the money. Ministers Ambika Soni, Rajiv Shukla and V Narayanasamy said the government was ready for a discussion during which it would spell out the steps taken on the issue but the assurance failed to calm down opposition MPs. They said the government had already brought a white paper on the issue but Naidu dismissed it as an \"empty paper\".The House had to be adjourned, first for 10 minutes and then again until 2 pm. BJP member Najma Heptulla objected to finance minister P Chidambaram making a statement on the issue outside when the House was in session. Naidu said this was a \"burning issue\" and people were getting demoralized with this \"sorry state of affairs\".\"Government has not come out with any concrete action so far. The white paper by the government is an empty paper...There is no action plan to bring back the black money...The issue is not a casual or a simple thing,\" Naidu said.Agreeing with Naidu, P J Kurien, who was in the chair, said, \"You have made a very pertinent and serious point. The chair is also agreeing on this. It is a big issue... I would suggest a senior leader gives notice and then it will be considered.\" BJP deputy leader Ravishankar Prasad insisted on a time line for bringing back the black money stashed abroad. \"Why government does not say in Parliament that they will get the black money in a stipulated period of time,\" he asked.Minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla reacted by asking Prasad what the NDA had done when it was in power for six years. \"Government is taking steps regarding black money. Taxes and penalty are being realized from defaulters...They did not take any action in six years. What steps did you take in six years except promote black money?\"Lok Sabha too, was adjourned till noon following opposition uproar over bringing back black money and also against the plight of Hindus in Pakistan. As soon as the House met, Harin Pathak (BJP) demanded that he be allowed to raise the issue of black money.Speaker Meira Kumar said she would allow Rajnath Singh (BJP) and Gurudas Dasgupta (CPI) to raise it during zero hour. BJP members, however, appeared unimpressed and kept raising slogans as the Speaker took up question hour. Soon, BJP and Shiv Sena members trooped into the well raising slogans \"kaala dhan wapas lao (bring back black money)\" and \"stop atrocities against Hindus in Pakistan\". As the din continued, the Speaker adjourned the House till noon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15485843", "title": "'India's heritage needs to be studied in a new perspective'", "text": "DHARWAD: India's rich heritage of art and architecture need to be studied with a new look. The ancient monuments were the engineering marvels of this country. Hence, their study will also reveal new things pertaining to the field of architecture, said Vidya Dahejia, Barbara Stoler Miller Professor of Indian and South Asian Art at Columbia University.Inaugurating the DC Pavate Chair for Art and Archeological Studies at the Karnatak University, Dharwad (KUD) here on Monday, she stressed the need for creating a new generation of historians of art and archeology in India to explore new avenues pertaining to research in this field. Citing instances of the research conducted in the case of Taj Mahal, the Buddhist Stoopa of Sanchi, Hoysala temples in Karnataka and the sculptures of Lord Shiva and Parvati, she said research pertaining to these monumental structures revealed many things pertaining to the art and architecture and the concepts of art.\"It is necessary to take up comparative study of the archival documents and the related monuments. The archival documents related to Taj Mahal helped discover the lake where the Moghal emperor Shah Jahan used to watch the reflection of Taj Mahal on every full moon day. The lake was totally buried in the course of time. Similarly, recent studies of the Hoysala temples revealed certain secrets of engineering technology of those days of ancient Indian art and architecture was a potential field that was yet to be explored fully. The youngsters should make up their mind in this direction\", she said.Ashok Pavate who has sponsored the Chair said Pavate, who was known as the renowned mathematician had deep affinity for culture and history.\"We have much to learn from the technology of the ancient Indian architecture. Hence, there is the need to study them\", he said.Vice-chancellor H B Walikar presided. Ravi Korishettar took charge as the first professor of the Chair on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484507", "title": "It\u2019s \u2018official\u2019: Antony is No. 2", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA has drawn the hierarchy and this time very clearly.The cabinet secretariat has put defence minister A K Antony in the first slot after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, relegating agriculture minister Sharad Pawar to third position.The new pecking order has been delineated through the cabinet committees which have been reconstituted after Pranab Mukherjee's shift to Rashtrapati Bhavan and consequent changes in the ministries of home and finance.The defence minister and the NCP supremo figure together in Cabinet committees on economic affairs, political affairs and parliamentary affairs. In the first two, the PM heads the panel followed by Antony and then Pawar. In the one on parliamentary affairs where the PM is not on the list, Antony figures on top with Pawar occupying the next slot.It is the first glimpse into the cabinet hierarchy since the issue of who would take the No.2 seat in the government touched off a controversy. In the first meeting of the cabinet post-Mukherjee, Pawar sat on the chair next to the PM \u2014 which Mukherjee used to occupy \u2014 only to be shifted to the third seat in the subsequent next week. What riled him was that Antony replaced him in the second chair, a move seen as announcing to the cabinet as to who should be seen as the deputy to the PM.The rejig has given a leg-up to finance minister Chidambaram who is next to Pawar in the pecking order. The new home minister Sushilkumar Shinde has made his entry into the top cabinet committees on security, appointment and political affairs. However, Congress may take its time to decide if he is to be included in the core group, the informal club which decides the big decision of UPA.While both UPA regimes have avoided designating a No. 2, the slot in the pecking order serves the purpose of positioning the ministers, with Mukherjee largely seen as the man in command after Singh because of his wide basket of official and unofficial responsibilities.NCP was cut up because it felt the Maratha strongman, who broke away from Congress over Sonia Gandhi's foreign origin, was entitled to Mukherjee's No.2 seat, being the senior-most member of the cabinet. With the NCP duo of Pawar and Praful Patel boycotting the cabinet and demanding a bigger say in running of the government, it was felt that Congress may have to placate the Maharashtra ally. The removal of the list of cabinet ministers from the PM's website only added to the mystery. While Congress bought peace with NCP by agreeing to a coordination mechanism for decision-making in UPA, it has not obliged the rebellious Pawar on the No.2 issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15485682", "title": "Moti Dongor illegal structures to be axed, AG tells HC", "text": "PANAJI: Advocate general Atmaram Nadkarni assured the high court of Bombay at Goa that all illegal constructions on Moti Dongor in Margao \"will be demolished after carrying out a survey within a period of six months\".The recent statement to the court follows a PIL filed by Sanjiv Punalekar, an advocate, that the widespread illegal slums on Moti Dongor have become a breeding ground for criminals. The area, also called Monte Hill has been under police watch for illegal activities for a while now.Political parties have alleged repeatedly that the area, dominated by slums, is a vote bank of the former chief minister and present Margao MLA Digambar Kamat.Punalekar's PIL had sought that the government be directed to survey Moti Dongor and list all structures that stand in violation of provisions of the Goa Municipalities Act, 1968. He had also sought their demolition within a prescribed timeframe.Placing on record the action taken by the government, Nadkarni pointed out that a survey had been partly conducted at Moti Dongor, and in May this year 36 illegal structures had been demolished. He stated that further demolitions could not be carried out on account of the monsoon.S D Padiyar, the advocate appearing for Margao Municipal Council, assured the court that the MMC would provide the government with all necessary cooperation, including identifying the illegal constructions on Moti Dongor.Accepting the AG's statement, the division bench of Justices A P Lavande and U V Bakre disposed of the PIL.tnnDirty heightsAround 90,000 sq m of land on Moti Dongor, belonging to the comunidade of Aquem, is encroached upon mostly by slumsVoters in the area increased from 500 to 2,000 in a span of 17 years from 1995The comunidade's demolition drive two years ago was halted due to alleged political interferenceOn directions of South Goa collector N D Agarwal, administrator of comunidades, south zone, Pravin Barad, demolished 36 illegal structures in May this year", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15485669", "title": "2 rogue pilots given 'honour' of flying Air India\u2019s 1st Dreamliner home", "text": "MUMBAI: Air India's first Boeing 787 Dreamliner, the aircraft that triggered the AI pilots' strike, will fly into the country this Sunday. But the new entrant into the AI fleet will sport an unsavoury footnote in aviation history\u2014the airline has chosen two commanders against whom the Central Vigilance Commission recently ordered punitive action to do the honour of piloting it.Less than a month ago, the CVC, in an office memorandum, advised AI to initiate major penalty proceedings \u2014a term that means dismissal from service or demotion or any such stringent action \u2014against Capt A S Soman and Capt Amitabh Singh, executive director, operations, and GM, operations, respectively . \"But AI not only ignored the CVC's July 26 note, it is actually rewarding two of the officials mentioned in it,\" said an airline source.TOI has a copy of the order advising action against the duo and another official for \"irregularities committed in the selection process\".The third official mentioned in the memorandum is Capt N K Beri, general manager, operations.The commanders were involved in the recruitment of Aditya Beri, son of Capt N K Beri, who was given a back-door entry into the airline by breaking several recruitment norms. The now defunct Indian Pilots Guild, a union of Air India pilots, had filed a court case against father and son and the airline management for the irregularities in Beri's recruitment.\"The honour of piloting a first aircraft is given to the seniormost commanders, and both Capt Soman and Capt Singh qualify on that count,\" said the source. \"But the question is: why has Air India overlooked the CVC note? In the past, the airline has taken prompt action against other officials on receiving a CVC note against them. This will send out a wrong message.'' When questioned, Deepak Brara, director, AI, said: \"It is a disciplinary matter concerning a senior official, and we do not comment on these matters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "15485847", "title": "Students put up with leaky roofs at this school", "text": "MADIKERI: Leaky roofs and dampness all around greet students at this residential school. They cannot study or sleep in peace and they shiver while attending classes.As many as 240 students study at the Morarji Desai Minority Residential School in Virajpet from Class VI to X. Tired of putting up with the conditions indoors, the students have decided to protest against the negligence of the management by staying outside the building as there is no protection or safety within during monsoon.When TOI contacted principal Yadukumar, he expressed concern over the students' decision. He said he will try to convince them against protesting and assured of solving the problem immediately through temporary measures.\"We have already purchased tarpaulin, which will be spread over the cement roofing as a temporary measure,\" he said, while assuring that a permanent solution will follow in due course. Following this, the students decided to withdraw their agitation for now.The school is managed by the district backward and minority department. According to department sources, the present school building has been rented from Ganesh Mudaliar of Virajpet for Rs 45,000 per month. A proposal has been sent to the Karnataka residential educational institutions society for the construction of a new building at Virajpet at a cost of Rs 5 crore, which is under process. Five acres of land has been identified at Kadanga near Virajpet for the purpose and is in the final stage of registration, the sources said.When asked the opinion of Virajpet resident and the Kodagu Zilla panchayath education standing committee president Srimathi kanthi Belliappa, she urged that the district backward and minority department should give priority for the immediate repairs of the building. She told that the process of new building proposal should be fastened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15485318", "title": "Russia set to turn screws on India", "text": "NEW DELHI: If the government decides to bring Kudankulam's third and fourth units under the purview of the nuclear liability law, which makes suppliers liable for compensation in case of accidents, Russia will mount double pressure on India.Russia will not only increase the cost of the reactors, but also seek a change in the conditions for the credit line being provided by it to build them. Russian officials have warned that any \"negative influence\" on the 1988 agreement for the first and second unit and the 2008 civil nuclear cooperation agreement could jeopardize collaboration for nuclear power plants between the two countries. \"We are still hopeful that a way out will be found for implementation of the roadmap of civil nuclear cooperation between the two countries as per these agreements as that is what PM Manmohan Singh had assured Russian deputy PM Dmitry Rogozin when he called on him recently,\" a Russian government source said.\"There is some concern though about what is happening and if indeed nuclear liability law comes into play, not just the cost of the reactors will shoot up significantly but the terms and conditions for the credit line being extended for the reactors too will have to be changed,\" he added. The two nations recently signed a protocol for financing the third and fourth units under which Russia will offer an export credit line of close to $3.5 billion for the two pressurized water reactors. The amount is payable in 14 years, from the start of power generation, at 4% interest per annum.With Russia insisting all along that work on the third and fourth units, too, be carried out under the 1988 agreement between the two nations, which has ensured immunity for Kudankulam 1 and 2 from the liability law, the government has been in a bind over how to move ahead on the \"third-generation\" nuclear plants being built by the Russian-owned AtomstroyExport.The government now seems to have made up its mind with PM Manmohan Singh himself said to be not keen to waive off the right to recourse for Kudankulam's third and fourth units.Now, matters seem to have reached a head, but the Russian ambassador to India, Alexander Kadakin, had warned in March that Russia and India entered into nuclear cooperation only on the basis of deals signed in 1988 and 2008. \"We have tried to accommodate India's interests with same terms of credit and we expect that the same conditions will be applicable,\" he had said.Singh recently sought to know from DAE who would pay in case of any accident at the new plants at Kudankulam. Not satisfied with the DAE explanation that India's international agreement with Russia would take care of liability issues, he then sought the views of the law ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15485284", "title": "Water contamination scare at Vypeen", "text": "KOCHI: Tense situation prevailed in Njarakkal, North Paravoor and Vypeen areas after residents, on Monday night, complained about drinking water supplied by Kerala Water Authority from its pumping centre at North Paravoor being contaminated.Police said Njarakkal station had received phone calls from residents complaining that tap water smelled of some chemical. Police said they immediately rushed to the pumping centre at North Paravoor along with KWA officials.\"We are checking the water at the pump house. It is suspected that over-dosage of chlorine is the reason for the smell. We have alerted the people against using the water,\" said police officials.Anil Kumar, a resident of Kuzhapilly, said he had come to know about the incident after one of his relatives rang him up around 9.45pm and asked him to check the water. \"We found it had a strong chemical smell. We immediately alerted our neighbours,\" he said.Kerala Water Authority officials said they had immediately suspended pumping to the areas.\"We have collected water samples. Pumping will be resumed only after getting the result,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15485215", "title": "Diamond was first discovered in India: Expert", "text": "PATNA: Do you know that diamond was first discovered in India and the country remained the only producer of this precious mineral till the 17th century and the dominant producer till the 18th century.This was revealed by Geological Survey of India's retired director P K Sinha while delivering a popular lecture on \"Earth sciences in India through the ages\" at Patna University (PU) geology auditorium here on Monday. Several foreign merchants used to visit this country in those days in search of diamond and other precious stones, he said.Sinha further stated that the East India Company set its foot on India with an eye on its rich mineral resources. In the initial phase, the company used to ask British military officers to collect samples of minerals and rocks wherever they moved in India. The samples collected by them were sent to England for their identification by geologists as there were no geologists in India at that time. The establishment of Geological Survey of India in 1851 was also aimed at exploring the mineral wealth of the country. Geology teaching was introduced at Presidency College, Kolkata, in 1892.He said rocks and minerals have always influenced the shape of human civilization as human beings have been using these materials for meeting the necessities of their life and comfort right since prehistoric days. He traced the discovery and development of various mineral resources, including atomic minerals, fossil fuels, groundwater and geothermal energy, in the country.Sinha said the age of the earth has been estimated to be 4,600 million years but the oldest rocks available on the earth have been dated as 3,800 million year old. He termed the intervening period as \"missing million\" as there is no record of terrestrial rocks of this period.At the outset, PU geology department head V S Dube introduced the speaker. Patna Science College principal Arun Kumar Sinha welcomed the guests. B.Sc. geology honours topper of PU, Kriti Chandra was awarded A P Jain Raj Kumari scholarship on the occasion. PU geology teacher A K Gupta proposed the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15483870", "title": "Congress vows improved work conditions for Rs 10L govt servants", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Congress leaders on Monday vowed to implement the Sixth Pay Commission recommendations which will impact 10 lakh government and semi-government employees and 6 lakh retired employees in Gujarat, if it is voted to power in the forthcoming assembly elections. This is the third round of promises by the Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC).GPCC leaders on Monday declared the third point under their 'Gujarat Praja Vikas Darshan-2012'. GPCC president Arjun Modhwadia said if Congress comes to power in Gujarat, all long-pending demands of government employees and retired government employees will be fulfilled.Modhwadia said the BJP government has been unjust to the employees of the state, semi-government organizations, panchayats, boards, corporations and retired employees by recruiting them on fixed wages and by opting for outsourcing. Also the present government had failed to extend benefits ofFifth and Sixth Pay Commissions.He alleged the government was exploiting employees by appointments on fixed wages, part-time and temporary basis and by outsourcing work. He said youth are appointed as sahayaks and are being oppressed by remuneration below the minimum wages prescribed. He said even the high court issued directions for making staff permanent.Modhwadia said that if Congress came to power it would formulate a special pay policy for those appointed as Sahayaks and on fixed-wage basis. He announced that for individual grievances, the Congress would set up a special Gujarat Administrative Tribunal on the pattern of the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT). Modhwadia also made it clear that the Congress will not use the services of employees in fairs, festivals and publicity campaigns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15484640", "title": "New material to fill potholes in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Concerned over the quality and life of materials used usually to fill potholes, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has started using cold mix to fill the potholes across the city's roads particularly during the monsoon. The trial run began on August 11 when the potholes from Raviwar Karanja to Shalimar were filled with the cold mix.The new technology was announced by municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare on August 9 when he said, \"Generally a hot mix is used to fill potholes, but it does not work during the monsoon. Hence, we are planning to use a cold mix to fill the potholes on the roads during the monsoon. This is a quality material having good life and rainwater doesn't damage it. It costs 50% more than the usual material. This new technology is already being used in Mumbai.\"Potholes in the city have become a major concern with citizens complaining about low quality work. As a solution, the NMC decided to adopt the Mumbai method of dealing with potholes on a trial basis to begin with.\"We have started with the new technology on August 11 and would fill up potholes in specific areas of the city. We want to check how feasible the technology is,\" said an engineer of the NMC's public works department. He said that the technology would be used based on the rate of its success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484903", "title": "Parking curbs around India Gate", "text": "NEW DELHI: For security considerations during Independence Day celebrations, parking will not be allowed at and around India Gate after 5pm on Tuesday and Wednesday.These include the NDMC-authorized paid parking on the inner radial roads of India Gate, and car parking behind water channels and lawns. Roadside parking on any of the roads near the central vista of India Gate such as Rajpath, Man Singh Road, Janpath, Ashoka Road, Kasturba Gandhi Marg, Tilak Marg, Purana Quila Road, Sher Shah Road, Zakir Hussain Marg, Pandara Road, Shahjahan Road and Akbar Road will also not be allowed, said officials.\"Visitors to the central vista and India Gate are advised not to travel by private vehicles till Wednesday,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.All goods vehicles will not be permitted between the Nizamuddin and Wazirabad bridges from the Tuesday midnight to 11am on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15485997", "title": "If Hero comes, can Honda be far behind?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After Hero MotoCorp announcing a Rs 1,100-crore bike plant in Gujarat, Honda Motorcycle and Scooters India (HMSI) has set its eyes on the state. While Hero has chosen Halol, sources said the Japanese auto giant is exploring a location near a port in Gujarat for building its fourth manufacturing facility in the country.HMSI rolls out 28 lakh bikes and scooters from its two plants in Haryana and Rajasthan and has already announced a third plant in Karnataka with 12 lakh capacity to be operational by mid-2013. Sources close to the company suggest HMSI is looking at having at least three new facilities by 2020.\"We are aggressively penetrating the rural market with new offerings and looking at an over 30% year-on-year growth in exports,\" said HMSI president and CEO Keita Muramatsu. With Gujarat coming up as an automobile hub, company officials said they are too are exploring opportunities here.A HMSI team is preparing a report about options for its fourth plant which will be announced most likely by 2014. \"Gujarat has an edge with its impressive port infrastructure and active ancillary units,\" said a senior company official. Company sources said Honda is looking at over 90% localization for all its offerings in longer run. HMSI has invested Rs 3,500 crore in India and will be investing another Rs 1,500 crore in FY13. The company is also on expanding its dealer and service network. Company has already begun impart technical training about their vehicles at its zonal offices, one of which was opened in Ahmedabad recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kannur/kochi", "code": "15485294", "title": "T V Rajesh in judicial custody", "text": "KANNUR/KOCHI: Kalliassery MLA and DYFI state secretary T V Rajesh, an accused in the Abdul Shukkoor murder case, surrendered before the judicial first class magistrate court in Kannur on Monday after the Kerala HC rejected his bail plea. He was remanded in 14 days judicial custody.The HC also rejected the bail plea of CPM Kannur district secretary P Jayarajan who has been arrested for not preventing the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15485131", "title": "New transfer policy for Writers\u2019 employees", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government plans to introduce a new transfer policy for employees in the common cadre. Some of those working at Writers' Buildings will be moved elsewhere so that those working in other government offices can gain experience of working in the administrative headquarters.This will apply to the employees mostly in Groups B and C, who have been in a single department for more than 12 years, say sources. An official order is going to be issued on this shortly.There are several government offices outside Writers' Buildings \u2014 like the New Secretariat, Camac Street and offices of the departments of education, health, urban development in Salt Lake.On July 11, the government had issued an order, implementing its new transfer policy. It applies to upper division clerks, head assistants, supervisory officers, Grade-I typists, supervisory grade typists and senior supervisory grade typists under the secretariat common cadre.Accordingly, three separate lists were prepared \u2014 those who spent 25 years, 15 years and 12 years in individual departments. Another list was prepared for employees who would be in this category in the next six months.However, the order was held back last week following disgruntlement among employees. According to an official: \"The authorities feel that if the employees continue to work at Writers' even after the transfer order, then the whole purpose would be defeated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15485568", "title": "Auto fares: Netizens to up pressure on govt", "text": "CHENNAI: A group that started an online campaign to press the government on fixing rational fares for autorickshaws will meet the transport minister on Tuesday. \"We are meeting the minister to tell him that people are sick of fleecing autorickshaw drivers,\" said K Prahalathan, who started an online campaign against exorbitant auto fares. The campaign has received more than 10,000 signatures over the past couple of months.Recently, a small group of people had met transport commissioner T Prabhakara Rao demanding strict enforcement of auto fares and a helpline number to complain against erring auto drivers. Soon after, the transport department sent a draft report to the home department on the revised fare, a first since 2007.Home department officials say the draft report is more comprehensive this time. The approach is different unlike earlier when the minimum fare was just on paper, said an official. The decision on the report will be taken in a month, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15486385", "title": "Mahila Cong burns down Manjula report", "text": "MANGALORE: State Mahila Congress president Manjula Reddy along with other members burnt a copy of the interim report submitted by her namesake C Manjula, head of Karnataka State Women's Commission (KSWC) on Morning Mist home stay incident.Manjula Reddy demanded that SWC chief should be removed from her post immediately and the report submitted by her should be withdrawn. \"We will launch a state-wide agitation if Women's Commission report, which blamed home stay victims and their parents, is not withdrawn,\" she said, adding that a picketing protest will be held in front of SWC's office in Bangalore.\"We have brought the issue of SWC submitting a contradictory and false report on home stay attack to the notice of Central Women's Commission (CWC) chairperson Mamta Sharma. CWC is expected to arrive in the city to hold an independent inquiry soon after studying the report submitted by SWC,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "calangute/margao", "code": "15485574", "title": "Two rescued off Baga, Colva beaches", "text": "CALANGUTE/MARGAO: Lifeguards saved two tourists from drowning off the Baga and Colva beaches in two separate incidents.A tourist from Tirupati, Muniswamy Subbarayuda Kovure, 35, was rescued from drowning by lifeguards at Baga. According to Drishti Special Response Services (DSRS), a group of tourists were wading in knee-deep water at around 3.10pm on Sunday even though the lifeguards were warning them of the strong rip currents there at the mouth of the Baga river.Suddenly, one of the tourists was caught in a strong rip current and as he was being dragged seaward, he started shouting for help.The lifeguards posted there, immediately rushed to his assistance with a rescue tube and brought him safely to the shore.He was later released after his condition was found to be stable. At Colva, lifeguards saved the life of Fawaz Samis, 45, who was found struggling against the strong sea currents while swimming on Sunday afternoon.A press release issued by (DSRS) said that Samis was swimming in a no-swim zone and was spotted gesturing for help by lifeguard on duty Anil Pujari.'The victim was secured with the rescue tube and brought safely to the shore by a jet-ski. Since the victim had shallow breathing, oxygen was administered and his pulse rate was monitored continuously with a pulse oxymeter,' the release said, adding that the victim was later shifted to the hospital by the 108 ambulance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15483439", "title": "Gastro-diplomacy bags prime spot", "text": "NEW DELHI: The wily French diplomat Talleyrand is said to have told Napoleon, \"Give me a good chef and I shall give you good treaties.\" Two centuries on, with food diplomacy becoming the new masala to spice up international relations, it comes as no surprise that Britain and Australia will bring some of their top culinary names to India in September and October.With millions of Indians visiting Britain or settled there, it is not surprising that two prominent Brit-Indians feature among the six culinary luminaries coming to India in mid-September. Under the aegis of the charity Creative Services Support Group, Michelin-starred chef Vineet Bhatia as well as TV chef and cookbook writer Anjum Anand will be accompanied by Frances Atkins, Marcello Tully (also Michelin-starred), Laurie Gear (a 'rising' Michelin star) and British-born Australian chef Ian Curley.Though uranium supplies may be top-of-the-mind for policy watchers when Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard comes to India in mid-October, others may be more interested in the arrival of three men who have done much to reverse the soured image of that nation in India: the hosts of Masterchef Australia. Chefs Gary Mehigan and George Calombaris, and food critic Matt Preston will come as a part of a yet-to-be-announced Australian cultural extravaganza around that time. There was, however, no official confirmation from the Australian high commission.The chefs from Britain will not only be participating in a summit and cooking up a nine-course charity dinner in Delhi priced at Rs 25,000 per couple, they will also tour schools. Anand is also expected to release her newest book in India at that time. That their tour will culminate with a gala event \"to celebrate British food\" at the high commissioner's residence underlines the official interest in 'gastro-diplomacy'. \"Promoting the best of British cuisine is one of the most enjoyable parts of my work,\" says British high commissioner Sir James Bevan.While the itenerary of the Masterchef hosts is not known, cooking demonstrations in Delhi and Mumbai and charity dinners in both metros are likely to figure in the programme. Given that each series of their hugely successful show features at least one Indian-origin contestant (Australia has 4 lakh Indians), there are indications that the three are keen to shoot at least one future episode on location in India, too, though the expense and logistics are currently daunting.Acknowledging the importance of food diplomacy even though he would not confirm the Masterchef tour, Australian deputy high commissioner Lachlan Strahan said, \"Taking your food culture to another country is a wonderful way of expressing things about the character of your own country. Public diplomacy is fundamentally about engagement and sharing. Food, therefore, is an excellent bridge between Australia and India, moving beyond the old and well-known links between the two countries such as cricket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15486528", "title": "Patients suffer as ambulances forced to crawl", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hundreds of patients, including some emergency cases, were trapped in the gridlock that choked central Delhi roads following Baba Ramdev's detention. Those visiting Lok Nayak Hospital and G B Pant Hospital \u2014 facilities which jointly cater to more than 8,000 patients daily \u2014 were the worst affected.Sakina Abid, who suffered a knee injury in a road accident, said it took her more than an hour to reach Lok Nayak Hospital from Daryaganj . \"For almost an hour, our vehicle inch-byinch and we couldn't reach the hospital. Traffic was diverted to Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg from the Delhi Gate intersection. How can the police do such mindless planning?\" said Sakina (36), a resident of Walled City.Though doctors said that no casualty could be linked to the traffic jam, they admitted that most patients had problems in reaching the two hospitals. \"All roads surrounding the hospital area were choc-a-bloc with traffic and supporters of Baba Ramdev in the afternoon. Since ambulances were stuck in the chaos, people from nearby localities brought patients on rickshaws or carried them to casualty wards. It was horrible ,\" said a senior doctor at Lok Nayak Hospital.Authorities at G B Pant Hospital said that the hospital services remained unaffected. \"The traffic congestion didn't hamper services. Patients who managed to reach were attended to immediately,\" said a senior official.Pandemonium prevailed as ambulances couldn't even go out from hospitals. \"My mother was admitted at Sanjeevan hospital but we had to shift her to Sir Ganga Ram Hospital. The ambulance was stuck in traffic jam for more than an hour. So many patients were put at risk for the sake of one man. Anybody could have died and authorities would have just passed the buck,\" said Fakhra Siddique (49) a housewife.She added that police should have made arrangements for transferring patients to hospitals . \"How could they let an arterial road leading to two major hospitals get blocked by protesters? They should have made some alternate arrangement to maintain traffic flow in the area,\" said Madhvi Mahendru, whose father is admitted at GB Pant Hospital.Hospital authorities said that protests at Ramlila Maidan often trigger snarls in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15486366", "title": "Teams selected for Verbattle final 2012", "text": "MANGALORE: Nine teams have been selected for the state final of Verbattle Senior and 21 teams for the Verbattle Junior Competition after the final selection in Mangalore over two days. The event saw good response from students and schools of Mangalore who participated with enthusiasm on Saturday and Sunday. The state finals will be held in Bangalore, where select teams from Bangalore, Mangalore and Hubli will fight it out to emerge as winners of Verbattle-2012.Verbattle-2012 competition at Mangalore witnessed a participation of over 500 students from 200 schools and colleges. Some of the topics debated included 'Anna Hazare will be a political failure', 'Honesty is the worst policy in business', 'Love is the luxury of the jobless',Education has increased the number of idiots'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15483700", "title": "Advani visit spoilt BTC situation: AIUDF president Maulana Badaruddin Ajmal", "text": "GUWAHATI: Firing salvo at senior BJP leader L K Advani, AIUDF president Maulana Badaruddin Ajmal accused the saffron party leader of igniting communal fire in the BTC area just when the situation was limping back to normal. Addressing mediapersons here on Monday, the AIUDF supremo said that Advani's comments on the BTC violence were aimed at gaining political mileage.Advani had earlier visited the BTC area and said that it was not an ethnic violence, but a fight between \"Indians and illegal Bangladeshi immigrants.\"Reacting to allegations that Ajmal had crafted the BTC violence, the AIUDF leader said: \"It is a 100 per cent BJP conspiracy. They (BJP) have been ousted from state politics. In the national arena too, the BJP is nowhere. The situation was limping back to normal but after the arrival of Advani in Kokrajhar, things have taken a different twist.\"Ajmal also appealed to politicians to refrain from making provocative remarks during this hour of crisis.The AIUDF chief also said that he and his family were disheartened by recent media reports on his involvement in the arson in Mumbai. He claimed that the Union home ministry has clarified that he was misquoted by the media on the Mumbai violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "15485354", "title": "It is traditional farming for them", "text": "MALAPPURAM: 'Nalla Bhakshanam Prasthanam', a collective of young farmers in Ponnani and Edappal in Malappuram, is planning to start a training programme in planting paddy saplings in the traditional way and ploughing using bulls and buffaloes. Their aim: to regain the lost glory of agrarian culture.The three-day training programme will start on Friday, the first day of the Malayalam month, Chingom. The group, that has published a notice in the agricultural magazine, 'Ore Jeevan, Ore Bhoomi', about their project, has got tremendous response from the youth seeking to be part of the programme. Around 50 persons, including students from across the state, have registered for the programme.K Chandran, the coordinator of the collective, said majority of the youth who have registered for the training programme on ploughing are government employees.A lot of women, including students, have applied for getting trained in planting of paddy saplings on the field.\"Our programme is not against the mechanization of farming but to introduce the new generation to the traditional style of farming which is on the verge of disappearance. We will explain the ways of planting paddy saplings, including about the traditional songs sung during planting paddy saplings in the field,\" he said adding that the new generation girls might not have had any opportunity to listen the traditional songs of farm workers.Along with practical classes, we will also give theory classes and hold discussions regarding the style and methods of traditional farming, he said.He said the training programme in ploughing will be conducted using six pairs of bulls and buffalos.The collective had won many awards for their achievements in organic farming. The farmers under the group had successfully cultivated 5,000kg of vegetables in the organic way last season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh road", "code": "15484797", "title": "Self-discipline helps Ashish bag gold", "text": "CHANDIGARH ROAD: Ashish Chaudhary, 16 of Chandigarh Road, made the city proud by winning both, gold and bronze medal in national-level karate competition held in Ludhiana on Sunday.In the martial arts competition, Ashish participated in junior 40-44 kilograms weight category. Stating that players from Punjab, Haryana, Jammu and Kashmir , Rajasthan, New Delhi and Bihar took part in the competition, he said, \"It was fun as well as educative to compete with the best in the country. Karate is fun, but it has taught me self-discipline. I've learned to respect and listen to my sensei (instructor), parents and teachers. And thanks to that I have won two medals.\" He added, \"The sport develops a strong mind and body. I've learned to focus better and this has carried over into my personal life as well.\"Talking about his choice of game, Ashish said, \"I prefer playing individual game so I decided to go in for martial arts - karate. I believe karate is a multifaceted sport \u2014 it is practiced for self-perfection, for cultural reasons, for self-defense and as a sport. The game also helps training your character, sincerity, effort, etiquette and self-control. Karate conditions both the body and mind, and helps keep fit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484251", "title": "'About 80% northeast students in Kondhwa from Manipur'", "text": "PUNE: Around 80% of the students from the northeast staying in Kondhwa belong to Manipur state. This is the reason why most people attacked turned out to be Manipuris, said representatives of the North Eastern students' union and the Interim Forum, on Monday.\"The attackers are illiterate and young, and do not have knowledge about the people from the north eastern states. Though four states share border with Burma , they are separate entities and not a part of Burma. The attackers mistook people from northeast for Burmese people, as they all have Mongoloid features,\" said Alam M K, president of the Manipur Students' Union in Pune.Rock Lungleng, the convenor of the Interim Forum, said, \"About 80% of the north eastern students in Kondhwa are from Manipur, in a geographical sense. That is why they seem to form a majority of the victims.\" An 'Interim Forum' was formed on August 10 by the representatives of all existing northeast Students' bodies in Pune in the wake of recent attacks in the city.The reason why most of them prefer Kondhwa is because of low rent and the area's proximity to educational institutions. \"You can get a 1 bhk here for Rs 3,000. I stay in a 2 BHK and pay Rs 8,000 which is very reasonable. Also, Kondhwa is more convenient for us since our friends have been staying here since long.Gradually, all of our community have come to stay here. Whenever a north eastern student shifts to Pune, he automatically settles in Kondhwa. Its proximity to educational institutions such as the Poona College and Abeda Inamdar Senior College help,\" said Jacob V Khiangte, president, Mizo Students' Union in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15486473", "title": "Bench questions Tamil Nadu Mines and Minerals Ltd's lapse", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has questioned why the state government owned Tamil Nadu Mines and Minerals Ltd had not preferred a complaint against illegal quarrying by the large granite quarries in Madurai, while hearing the anticipatory bail applications of the owners of major quarries. The quarries are alleged to have caused huge losses running into several crores of rupees to the government.The anticipatory bail applications of P K Selvaraj of Sindhu Granites Ltd, P R Palanisamy and his two sons came up for hearing before the court on Monday. The police registered a case based on a complaint from the village administrative officer. Senior advocate I Subramanian argued that the case had been registered based on a VAO's complaint and not TAMIN, whose land had been trespassed by the accused for illegal quarrying activities. It was then that Justice T Mathivanan raised this question.The senior counsel pointed out that court had earlier stayed the proceedings of all three show cause notices issued to the quarries concerned by the district collector, hence the officials could not interfere with the functioning of the quarries, he said.Directing the advocate-general to find out why TAMIN had failed in its duty, the Judge asked him to very specific as to who had authorised the VAO to inspect the quarries and submit the report and also verify the area specified in the FIR with that of the VAO's complaint.The advocate-general submitted that the area trespassed upon was small (0.02 hectares), but the counsel of these accused who were \"habitual offenders\" had cleverly concealed the fact that they had quarried beyond the depth of 19 feet, in spite of three show cause notices.The advocate-general said the accused had caused heavy loss to the government and had illegally quarried granite worth Rs. 4.46 crore. What they had plundered was the nation's property and what was below the earth belonged to the government and was not necessary that only TAMIN should prefer the complaint. Anybody could do so on behalf of the government, he said.Posting the hearing to August 17, the Judge rejected the plea of the counsels that the accused should not be arrested till then. However, he went on to add that the family members of the accused including the women should not be harassed in the name of inquiry.The advocate-general also said the government was serious in ending illegal mining and had formed a high level committee. It could not allow the nation's wealth to be plundered like this. Meanwhile, a division bench of the Madras high court comprising Justices P.P.S. Janarthanaraja and Justice M Duraisamy posted the PIL seeking a CBI probe into the illegal mining by Olympus Granites, PRP exports and Sindhu Granites to tomorrow and asked the petitioner to find, from the recent Supreme Court guidelines, whether the writ petition would come under the PIL category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15485010", "title": "No parking in Sec 22A market", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In view of the forthcoming Independence Day function at Parade Ground in Sector 17 and 'At home' function at Punjab Raj Bhawan, various traffic restrictions and diversions shall be imposed.No parking shall be allowed in the parking area in front of shops in Sector 22-A market from 7am onwards till the function is over.VIPs and senior officers with authorized parking labels on their vehicles shall be allowed entry to the Parade Ground from the roundabout of sectors 16/17/22/23 on Udyog Path and can park their vehicles in the parking area in front of the market of Sector 22-A. The public can park their vehicles in the parking area of Sector 22-B adjacent to blood disease hospital, Sector 23-B, in the parking at the rear of Neelam cinema, Sector 17, in the parking of football stadium and in the Circus Ground in Sector 17.All buses coming from Haryana, Punjab, Himachal to ISBT, Sector 17, Chandigarh shall be diverted towards ISBT Chowk from Bajwara Chowk and Piccadilly Chowk via Himalya Marg and they would enter ISBT from the small chowk (near Gurdial Singh petrol pump).Around Punjab Raj BhawanThe road stretch from the roundabout of sectors 5/6/7/8 up to T-point near Golf Club and from T-point near Punjab Raj Bhawan onwards, towards the residence of adviser to the administrator, shall remain closed to public from 2pm onwards on August 15, till the 'At home' function gets over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15484012", "title": "BEST to scrap nine stops on AC bus routes", "text": "MUMBAI: Based on passenger feedback, BEST is discontinuing six stops on its popular King Long AC bus route between Hiranandani Estate in Thane (W) and Backbay Reclamation from Thursday.\"We got several letters and feedback from passengers who wanted the stops to be removed from the route. It will increase the speed of the bus and it will reach south Mumbai faster,\" said BEST PRO N A Walavalkar.From Thursday, bus A-13, which will leave Hiranandani Estate will not halt at Patlipada, Manpada, Kapurbawdi and Majiwada on the Ghodbunder Road and avoid bus stops at Godrej Soaps and Ramabai Ambedkar Nagar on the Eastern Express highway.The stops are being removed on both the Up and Down journeys.In the past, passengers could simply signal the AC buses to halt at these stops, but this will be discontinued from Thursday.Some passengers who get down at Manpada and Majiwada signals on the return journey, said they will be affected with the change. \"It was easier for us to catch the bus from CST, travel comfortably to Thane and get down near Majiwada. Now we will have to get down at an earlier stop,\" said a passenger.BEST said three stops on another route, also known as A-13, from Lodha Paradise to Backbay, will be removed from Thursday. The stops are at Majiwada, Godrej Soaps and Ramabai Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15484342", "title": "Lashed for few hours, Bopal road caves in", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The newly constructed road in Bopal caved in on Monday after the first heavy showers that started since Saturday night. The entire road from Sardar Patel Ring Road to Sterling City had caved in. Since early on Monday morning, commuters faced traffic snarls on this road in Bopal. The traffic jam was caused by a truck whose tyre had got stuck in a pothole.\"This road was recently constructed by Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority as part of the road widening project. Just before the onset of the monsoon, the road widening project was completed. However, the first rains exposed its quality,\" said Tushar Patel, an area resident.Of the commuters those who had come to drop their children to school suffered the most. \"In the morning when the parents came to drop their children, they were caught off guard by the traffic jam,\" said another resident Radheshyam Sharma. Several societies situated along the Ambli-Bopal Road virtually became islands amid waterlogged areas. Just opposite Bhavya Park, a huge crater prevented the residents from coming out of their society. Rajendra Mohan Sharma, a resident of Bhavya park, said, \"In the morning when I took my son on my bike, we found the entire road waterlogged. There was no visibility on the caved-in road. After our vehicle slipped, we abandoned it and went home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484109", "title": "Gen promises \u2018revealing\u2019 memoir", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Army chief Gen V K Singh has decided to write a \"revealing, compelling and occasionally controversial autobiography\", in what could raise the hackles of many in the Army and the defence establishment.Aleph Book Company, the publisher of the memoir of the ex-Army chief, who retired on May 21 after losing a protracted legal battle over his retirement age and sees himself as the victim of a conspiracy, said, \"The book provides insights into the inner workings of the Army at various levels and its equation with the political establishment and the bureaucracy. Gen Singh's autobiography is... the story of a straight-talking officer who was never afraid to stand by his convictions.\"The announcement comes at a time when Gen Singh appears to be seeking a public role for himself by making appearances at anti-graft rallies of Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev as well as in protests against nuclear power plant in his home state Haryana. The autobiography may well coincide with the ex-Army chief's political debut, although it is not clear if Singh will formally join a political party.To be released in September 2013, the book will be co-authored by Kunal Verma, who wrote a three-part trilogy on the northeast and has directed many documentaries on the military.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15485711", "title": "Gang abducts elderly couple, demands Rs 50 lak", "text": "BANGALORE: An elderly couple was abducted by a car-borne gang near Aralasandara, near T Begur, off Tumkur Road, late on Monday evening.Ugranarasimhaiah, 67, and his wife Anasuyamma, 61, were on their way to their land in Aralasandra around 6pm, when a gang in a Maruti Esteem waylaid them in Nelamangala Town police jurisdiction. The gang whisked away the elderly couple. Within hours of the abduction, the kidnappers are believed to have placed a demand for a ransom of Rs 50 lakh to free the couple.Residents of Channammana Kere Achkat area in Bangalore South, Ugranarasimhaiah is a landlord owning property in his native Aralasandra. He and his wife stay with their son, Krishnamurthy, in Bangalore city.Declining to give details, Nelamangala Town police said the abduction appeared to be the handiwork of the land mafia. Police said they are hot on the heels of the abductors.Nelamangala town and its surroundings have been in the grip of internecine gang wars. Only last month, a gang had hacked local leader BEML Krishnappa on the national highway leading to Tumkur.Though several persons were arrested in connection with Krishnappa's murder, the kingpins, Bethanagere Seena and Bande Manja, are still at large. The bloodletting has raised questions about the clout enjoyed by the Nelamangala gangs. These gangs are reportedly fed by the booming real estate market in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15485728", "title": "Naveen Patnaik lends support to yoga guru", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Monday threw his weight behind yoga guru Baba Ramdev's ongoing anti-corruption agitation, saying his party and government supports any movement against corruption and black money.\"We support all anti-corruption movements and our government has been working hard to stop corruption,\" Naveen told media persons on a day Ramdev and large number of his followers courted arrest in Delhi when police stopped them from marching towards the Parliament.Coinciding with Naveen's statement, a BJD member in the Rajya Sabha Rabi Narayan Mohapatra shared the dais with the yoga guru at Ramlila Maidan in Delhi. The presence of Mohapatra, who was recently elected to the Upper House, made clear that the BJD was behind Ramdev's movement, a senior BJD leader said, adding: \"We are among the few parties who have positively responded to the yoga guru's clarion call against graft.\"The BJD's decision to openly back Ramdev came almost two months after the renowned yoga expert met Naveen in Bhubaneswar on June 14. Naveen had then assured Ramdev that his party would support his campaign against black money and corruption provided it was done in \"Gandhian style\". \"We are with you in Gandhian style,\" Naveen had told Ramdev while accusing the Congress-led UPA government of \"sinking in the sea of corruption\".Ramdev had praised Naveen for initiating anti-graft measures like special courts to try persons accused of corruption while identifying illegal mining as a source of black money. The yoga guru had said he would back the Odisha government's demand to introduce a Mineral Resource Rent Tax on iron ore at the rate of 50 per cent on account of the \"super normal profits\" being made by mine owners.BJD sources felt Naveen's decision to back Ramdev was politically well-calculated, considering that the yoga guru enjoys considerable support in Odisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15485205", "title": "NOC from Patna University proctor must for any certificate", "text": "PATNA: Getting a college leaving certificate or department leaving certificate or character certificate from Patna University (PU) or its allied units will not be an easy job for students now. They would have to seek a no objection certificate (NOC) from the office of the PU proctor before procuring these certificates.A notification issued by PU here on Monday says that in view of the rising indiscipline and frequent involvement of many students in unlawful activities, it has been decided that the principals of colleges, heads of departments and directors of institutes must get NOC from the office of the proctor before giving certificate to any students.If any student is found to be frequently involved in unlawful activities, \"good character certificate\" must not be issued to him or her, said PU proctor Kriteshwar Prasad.The notification further states that in case any principal or head of department is convinced that continuance of a student is bad for the institution, he should issue show-cause notice to the student why he or she should not be expelled from the institution. A copy of the show-cause notice should also be sent to the guardian of the student. If the student's reply is not found to be satisfactory by the university authorities, the student will be liable for punishment, including expulsion from the university, it adds.Meanwhile, PU has already decided to introduce proctorial system from the current session. All certificates and degrees would be awarded to students only after getting clearance from the proctor system, said PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh.Patna College students: Patna College principal Lalkeshwar Prasad Singh and several senior teachers have welcomed the initiative taken by legislator Awadhesh Roy and former legislator Ram Naresh Pandey for ending the six-day-old fast undertaken by the volunteers of a student organization.The principal told newsmen here on Monday that the decision to allot class-wise hostel accommodation to students was taken by the administration in the larger interest of students. Under the new arrangement, the incidence of ragging would be minimized and students would concentrate on their studies. Necessary steps for repair of hostels have already been initiated.Singh further said the discipline committee of the college would be requested to reconsider its decision on imposing fine on some students. The college would also initiate the process of withdrawing cases instituted against some students, if these students give assurances for good conduct in future, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15484345", "title": "Lodha Developers acquires DLF\u2019s 17-acre plot for Rs 2.7k cr", "text": "MUMBAI: Lodha Developers has purchased DLF's 17-acre Mumbai Textile Mill plot in Worli for Rs 2,700 crore, nearly four times higher than the price at which the latter bought this parcel in 2005. TOI had reported this in its August 13 edition.DLF had bought the land for Rs 703 crore from National Textile Corporation. This deal means Lodha now has a substantial presence of over 10 million sq ft of developable space primarily located in Lower Parel, where it is also constructing Asia's tallest tower of 117-storey.The deal comes at a time when the realty sector is reeling from economic slowdown and high interest rates. Abhinandan Lodha, deputy managing director, Lodha Developers, said, \"Not just land, we acquired a project with all approvals. We have got a competitively priced land at a cost of just over Rs 5,000 per sq ft, three to four times cheaper than the prevailing rate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15485959", "title": "Land reforms bill given quiet burial to keep farmers happy", "text": "BANGALORE: After announcing an ambitious farm loan waiver scheme, the Jagadish Shettar government has silently withdrawn the Karnataka Land Reforms (Amendment) Bill that was tabled by his predecessor DV Sadananda Gowda in the assembly in March.The reason, obviously, is the 2013 assembly elections. This is not the season when the government can afford to antagonize the powerful farming community. Deputy chief minister KS Eshwarappa, who holds the revenue portfolio, withdrew the bill on the last day of the just-concluded legislature session by writing to Speaker KG Bopaiah.\"The government withdrew the bill as we ourselves needed more clarifications. We will think about re-introducing it in the next session,\" Eshwarappa informed TOI. However, sources in the revenue department maintained that the bill was withdrawn as the minister felt it was totally against farmers.The amendment pertained to Section 107 of the act that would have given farmers the freedom to lease out their agricultural land to investors for a long period. Gowda, who held the revenue portfolio, had moved the bill to help private agro companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15486817", "title": "Food security scheme from Nov", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eyeing the 2013 elections, the Delhi government, from this November, will give Rs 600 each as food security to around 2 lakh vulnerable households not covered under below poverty line and the Antoyodya Anna Yojna.The cabinet on Monday cleared Dilli Annashree Yojana, announced in the budget to make Delhi hunger free. The money will be transferred to the bank account of the senior-most female member of the household.\"There are around 4 lakh households with BPL/AAY ration cards in Delhi, getting subsidized foodgrains under PDS. The government was keen to provide relief to those vulnerable families which were not covered under BPL/AAY categories,\" said chief minister Sheila Dikshit .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15485906", "title": "This Independence Day, Indoreans to show support for Sarabjit Singh", "text": "INDORE: Sarabjit Singh , an Indian languishing in Pakistan jail since last 22 years, has a voice from Indore to speak in his support. A city-based organization Tiranga Abhiyan Apna Group will get the tri-colour unfurled at the hands of Sarabjit's sister Dalvir Kaur at Regal Square appealing the people to support for the release of her brother.The group is already running a signature campaign in support of Sarabjit's release and they will submit a memorandum with the signature of Indoreans to the High Commission of Pakistan urging them to consider his early release. \"Till now, more than 25,000 people have signed in support of Sarabjit and we are expecting to cross more than 50,000 signatures,\" said Prakash Rathod, president of the group.Kaur, who was in city on Monday, said she is very hopeful about the release of her brother. \"Since 22 years we are waiting for his release. I hope that moment will come soon when he will be reunited with the family,\" said Kaur, adding that Sarabjit's younger daughter was just 23 days and elder daughter two and a half years old when Sarabjit was arrested for intrusion into Pakistan.She stressed that her brother is innocent and he has already suffered a lot. \"Last time when I met him in Pakistan jail he looked weak,\" said Kuar adding that she also wishes that more than 200 prisoners languishing in Pakistan jails be freed.Sarbajit's daughter Poonam said, \"Whenever I see my classmates in school and college with their fathers it makes me feel sad and reminds me of my father.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15484914", "title": "Abduction from busy road leaves locals jittery", "text": "KOLKATA: The abduction and rape of the 26-year-old has left the residents of Chetla wondering how the culprits managed abduct the victim from such a busy locality and that too at a time (7.30pm) when the road overflows with crowd on any given day. The gruesome crime has caught them off guard as they have suddenly started feeling insecured even at their own locality, which they used to consider a \"safe\" place.\"It is very, very scary. If miscreants dare to pick up a woman from a place that is bustling with crowd, we definitely have a big reason to worry about,\" said Arya Bhattacharya, a Chetla businessman.\"If the incident is true, it is shocking and something to concern about. The Chetla bridge remains busy till late hours. It is a daring act for a gang of men to force a woman inside a vehicle at a time the bridge is crowded. We are concerned about the increasing crime chart in the city,\" said Bhaskar Majumdar, another businessman.Most of the tea stall owners, hawkers and owners of the shops that dot the foot of the bridge from where the rape victim was reportedly picked up and then dumped said they came to know about the incident only on Sunday when police came to the locality for interrogation.\"I am running this tea stall for years now. My stall remains open till 9pm and the area remains crowded till late at night. I did not hear the victim shouting for help or came across anything suspicious. But if the victim has complained, something must have happened,\" said Narayan Pradhan, a tea-stall owner.Some were also of the opinion that if a woman was not safe at a place just about a kilometre away from the chief minister's house, questions certainly rise on the safety of women in the city.Urban development minister Firhad Hakim, however, claimed that the law and order in the city is better now. He also spoke to senior police officials to speed up investigation and nab the accused at the earliest.\"Whoever is involved in the crime should be arrested and given the most stringent punishment as quick as possible. But there is no deterioration in the law and order situation. In that case, we have to consult fortune tellers to predict what crime is going to happen where and post police in every nook and corner of the city,\" Hakim argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484760", "title": "SC seeks toxicity report of Bhopal groundwater", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first-ever official test to find out toxicity level in groundwater around Bhopal's Union Carbide plant since the leak of poisonous gas in 1984 will be soon conducted with the Supreme Court on Monday issuing notice to Lucknow-based Indian Institute of Toxicology Research (IITR) asking it why it had not done the test yet despite being told to do so.An NGO had earlier informed the SC about the dangerous levels of contamination in groundwater from the poisonous chemical waste lying in the Carbide plant.Advocate Vijay Panjwani, appearing for Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB), informed a bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and J Chelameswar that though the board had asked IITR on January 24 to test the toxicity level of groundwater around the plant, the institute had not responded so far.The bench issued notice to the institute and asked it to respond within two weeks why such a test report was not sent to CPCB.NGO 'Bhopal Group for Information and Action', which had moved the court for a direction to the Madhya Pradesh government to provide piped water to people residing in slums around the plant, informed the bench that the state had not completed the task. The NGO's counsel Karuna Nundy said in May, the court had given the state government three months to make provision for piped water but only 47% of residents had been covered till date. She also said the MP government had not been able to provide drainage facility to people living around the plant.Advocate Vibha Dutt Makhija, appearing for the government, said the state was duty-bound to construct trunk sewer lines but providing drain facility from house to house in the congested and unplanned area would be a difficult task. The court granted three more months to the state government to complete the task of providing proper drinking water facilities and drainage system.On Thursday, the SC had directed the Centre and the state to take steps within six months for safe disposal of the large quantity of toxic waste lying in and around the defunct Union Carbide plant, from which leak of poisonous gas had resulted in death of thousands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484108", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation gives conditional approval to increase fine for spitting, littering", "text": "PUNE: The law committee of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Monday gave its \"conditional approval\" to hike the fine for people littering, spitting or urinating in public places.\"The committee has given the go-ahead to increase the fine but some members have raised doubts about its enforcement,\" said Datta Bahirat, chairman of the committee, on Monday. \"They fear malpractice could take place at the ground level, hence the conditional approval.\"Bahirat said the main condition laid down by the committee included the setting up of a scrutiny committee to ensure that those collecting the fine did not make \"compromises\".\"Since the fine will be high, civic staff may let off those guilty by taking a bribe and not registering an offence,\" he said. \"There should a monitoring system to ensure that such malpractice does not happen,\" he added.The committee will have the right to conduct spot check-ups and suggest action against those who do not enforce the rules.As per the civic administration's proposal, the fine for spitting, littering and urinating in public will go up from Rs 50 to Rs 200. Those taking a bath in the open will now be fined Rs 100, while those held for open defecation will be fined Rs 200 as against the old rate of Rs 50.The PMC has also introduced some new fines to prevent the dirtying of public places. People feeding animals in public places will have to shell out Rs 500 and those washing vehicles in public places will be fined Rs 1,000. Those washing clothes in public places will have to pay a fine of Rs 200.The civic administration hopes that the increased fine will act as a deterrent and enable effective implementation of a cleanliness drive in the city. After the proposal is okayed by the general body, it will be implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15485503", "title": "Hologram shortage leaves Kerala University students in the lurch", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: If you are a Kerala University student, then don't go by the theory 'Where there is demand there is supply.' A widened gap between demand and supply of holograms has left the students of colleges under the KU stranded without degree certificates.The university has been left terribly short of hologram stamped certificates to meet the requirements for issuing the degree and post-graduation certificates as the supplier, C-DIT, has been unable to supply the holograms.According to sources, the university needs 35,000-38,000 certificates every year. But for the last eight months, the university has been issuing the certificates only to those students who are urgently in need, that too after seeking special request applications from them. When contacted, controller of exams K Madhukumar said the university was expecting a continuous supply of hologram-stamped certificates hereafter. \"We have begun receiving the certificates. We received 10,000 certificates last month. The C-DIT has assured that the supply will not be delayed hereon,\" he told TOI.But the C-DIT is of the view that a sudden hike in the price of hologram-printing papers had caused the delay. \"The prices of log paper required to print the holograms was hiked which actually left us spending from the institution's coffer,\" C-DIT director Babu Gopalakrishnan told TOI. The C-DIT claims that they have been incurring a loss of Rs 2.70 per hologram due to the spurt in price. The university had entered into an agreement with the C-DIT to supply one lakh certificates stamped with holograms on April 27 this year. After submitting the sample hologram by the end of May, the university paid the first installment of Rs 4,30,000. The C-DIT could only supply 10,000 hologram-stamped certificates. \"We have time till November. We will be able to complete the supply by then,\" C-DIT sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15483894", "title": "Rally hassle for Bokaro passengers", "text": "BOKARO: Hundreds of supporters of Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) demonstrated at the Bokaro railway station on Monday demanding enhanced facilities at the railway terminus. The rally caused inconvenience to passengers as it has created a chaos at the station. The JMM workers, headed by city president Manto Yadav, reached the station and sat on dharna for several hours, displaying placards and banners while shouting slogans against the Railways.JMM has asked the Railways not to ignore the development of Bokaro railway station as this is the hometown of their party chief Shibu Soren . JMM wants the Bokaro station - which has been awarded the 'A grade' status - to get all the facilities it deserves. The party workers also demanded a halt on anti-encroachment drive against shops that have mushroomed outside the station on railway land.The party is upset with senior railway officials for allegedly neglecting Bokaro and not doing anything to aid the city's growth. Bokaro Railway is the highest revenue generator in Adra Railway Division with more than 4,500 passengers visiting the railway station everyday to catch one of the 32 trains passing from here.Yadav said that their agenda includes a for 13-points charter related mostly to public amenities. The area of the station lacks good lightning, which causes difficulties to passengers. JMM has urged the Railways to install high mask lights on the premises. Yadav said that Bokaro railway station is situated 14km from the township and passengers would benefit if sheds and shopping complexes are set up in the vicinty.\"The railways has launched a drive to remove illegal shops from the front of the station, but we want a market complex constructed there and displaced shopkeepers be allotted space in it. We have urged the railways to allot emergency quotas in all long-route trains, to increase frequency of the Howrah Intercity Express, to create a stoppage at Radhagaon and Tupkadih railway station for the trains and construction and repair of roads and quarters in railway colony,\" he said. Yadav said that JMM is going to intensify their agitation if their demands would not fulfilled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15487547", "title": "Labourers feel asphyxiated while cleaning sludge tank", "text": "MANGALORE: Four labourers - two of them from Gadag are in a serious condition after a routine cleaning work of a sludge tank of a fish meal factory at Kotepura, Ullal near here left them in an asphyxiated condition late on Monday. While three of the labourers have been admitted to Unity Hospital in the city, one patient, who condition is said to be critical and needing ventilator support for breathing was later shifted to UMC.Police identified the labourers as Chandru and Basavaraja from Gadag, Sharief of Kundagol and Sharith of Odisha. Manjunath Shetty, Police Inspector, Ullal Police Station who visited the accident spot, said the incident occurred sometime around 9.30pm to 9.45pm. \"The labourers were shifted to a private hospital in the city for treatment,\" he said, adding that the hospital authorities informed him that they were out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "15485922", "title": "A ladder takes them to main road", "text": "Chikmagalur: For a few families living below the new railway overbridge near Hiremagalur, going out and coming into their homes demands a peculiar exercise: they carry a ladder, slant it over the wall of the bridge and climb up or down, as the situation demands.This has been going on for the past eight months, ever since the bridge was completed for the Kadur-Chikmagalur line.Their houses were located by the roadside before the overbridge was constructed. Then, they were assured that a service road would be laid which would connect them to the main road. The families believed the railway authorities and waited for their road. But it is yet to make an appearance.Though work is complete, the railway department's assurance has not translated into action. So the ladder, which was a temporary measure to help reach the Belur-Chikmagalur road at a height of 15ft, has now become routine.J Kurian, who was running a small hotel here, had to shut shop once construction began. He is now working as a daily wage labourer. Kurian worries about children and elders. \"Adults can climb the ladder and reach the road, but schoolchildren find it difficult to climb up and down. We have to climb up along with the children to put them safely on the road. It is dangerous for elders too. The only alternative left is to sit on a dharna before the deputy commissioner's office to demand the service road,\" said Kurian.The deputy commissioner had visited the spot and assured them that the service road would be laid, but his promise has not been fulfilled either.Local railway authorities dismissed the issue, saying the district administration has to tackle the problem, and build the service road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15485363", "title": "NDA leaders back Ramdev as arrest drama holds up Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The scheduled end of Baba Ramdev's protest fast at the Ramlila Ground turned into a daylong game of attrition between the yoga guru and the police on Monday, throwing city traffic completely out of gear and leaving parts of central Delhi out of bounds for hours.The day started with Ramdev announcing that he and his supporters would march to Parliament over the issue of bringing back black money stashed abroad. The protest gathered momentum with top NDA leaders addressing the crowd.The day ended with the Baba spending the night at Ambedkar Stadium with around 9,000 followers, his fast still continuing. According to police sources, the protesters would not be forcibly evicted from the stadium and will be asked to leave on Tuesday. There was heavy deployment of ITBP personnel outside the stadium. Through the day, the yoga guru, aware that he was live on TV, kept changing his mind and prolonging the drama. With the Supreme Court having reprimanded the cops for their crackdown on his sit-in last year, the police were wary of using strong measures.His supporters swarmed the Ranjit Singh flyover and Jawaharlal Nehru Marg, which had a cascading effect on traffic going through Minto Road, Connaught Place and ITO intersection, choking the important arteries. The evening rain and peak hour traffic added to the maddening situation, forcing traffic cops to switch off traffic lights and direct traffic manually, even as jams stretched up to a 10 kilometre radius in central Delhi.In contrast to his reaction during last year's crackdown, Ramdev on Monday clearly wanted to be in charge. Around 12.30pm, he did a 'disappearing act', preferring to take the VIP gate to climb on to his jeep to begin his march to Parliament. He was scheduled to come out of the VVIP gate even as cops deployed around him adjusted to the changes. While he knew he would be stopped at the Mirdard Marg just at the Ranjit Singh flyover approach, he was quick to notice a chink in the police plan.\"Ours is a peaceful march. There was no intention to spread violence and unrest. But police are stopping us on the orders of the government,\" the saffron-robed Baba said, perched on top of a bus, before police stopped him.A police official gingerly held Ramdev's hand to show he was being detained even as the Baba's supporters cheered loudly for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15486578", "title": "Clarify house tax stand, SC to Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: In a hearing on Monday, the Supreme Court asked the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) to clarify its stand on house tax from residents. Gurgaon In 2009, the Gurgaon Citizens' Council had approached the court over the MCG charging them house tax without providing any basic service. Even though last week, the MCG had announced that it waived off house tax for two years (2008-10), according to the petitioner, it failed to inform the court about this.\"The MCG has acted very cleverly where in, just a week before this hearing was supposed to take place, it announced to the media that it has waived off the house tax for two years, but did not inform the court about it. However, the court was not amused with the move and asked the MCG lawyer to give an official statement clarifying the corporation's stand on the house tax issue. Justice DK Jain has given 10 days to the corporation to file a report stating whether or not it has waived off the tax for the said period,\" said R S Rathee, president, Gurgaon Citizens Council.Adding, \"The court has also asked the municipal corporation whether it would start providing basic services like water and sewerage before charging house tax. We also appealed to the court that it should ask the state government on what it is doing about the issue of private builder areas. Ideally, five years after a builder is given licence by the Town and Country Planning department, the builder should take a completion certificate. However, neither the state government nor the private builders seem to be in a hurry to obtain completion certificate. And without this certificate, the corporation cannot takeover the builder area. The authorities are purposefully delaying the entire process.\"The MCG commissioner, on his part, said they %will file a response. \"The court has given us 10 days in which we have to file our report and we will do so,\" said MCG commissioner Sudhir Rajpal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15484295", "title": "State-level competition for National Rural IT Quiz on Aug 16", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state level round for the National Rural IT Quiz 2012 will be held by the Gujarat Council on Science &amp; Technology (GUJCOST) at Gandhinagar on August 16. The winners of the round will represent Gujarat at Bangalore.According to GUJCOST officials, the competition will be held at Town Hall in Gandhinagar. The quiz is organized by the department of IT, Science and Technology, Government of Karnataka and Tata Consultancy Services (TCS). \"About 520 students from Class VIII to XII, in 260 teams, from 26 districts of state were selected at district level to participate in the competition. In addition, 200 teachers from the rural schools were invited to witness the programme,\" said a GUJCOST official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15483496", "title": "TV journalist gets bail in molestation case", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati high court on Monday granted bail to TV reporter Gaurav Jyoti Neog, arrested for allegedly instigating the mob that molested a girl outside a city bar on GS Road on July 9 night.The court accepted Neog's bail plea, with specific conditions imposed, after hearing arguments of the former journalist's advocates.Neog's lawyers argued that he was identified by the victim girl in a test identity parade (TIP) and Neog did not deny his presence at the incident spot as he was reporting the incident. Advocates Bijon Mahajan and Arshad Chaudhury represented Neog while J Kamar appeared for the state government.Neog, who was released on two surety bonds, has been asked not to leave the city without the permission of the Kamrup chief judicial magistrate (CJM). Earlier, he was sent to judicial custody by the CJM court after three days in police remand. Altogether 15 people including Neog have been apprehended in the molestation case. The main accused, Amarjyoti Kalita, was caught by police at Varanasi. Kalita had also applied for bail, but his bail plea was rejected by a lower court. He is yet to move high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15484612", "title": "Survey for new classes", "text": "NASHIK: The education department of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has identified the requirement of 72 classes for standard IV and 23 for standard VIII, in a three-day survey conducted from August 8.The survey was conducted to abide by a circular of the state government released on August 6 directing the education department to start classes V and VIII in areas where there is no facility for these classes.The directions are based on a proposal in the Right to Education Act according to which if class V is not within one km of the school that provides education from I-IV and if class VIII is not within three km of the school that provides education from I-VII, classes V and VIII be started.The education department conducted a three-day survey in the city from August 8-10 and have chalked out the requirement for the number of classes.\"We found that there is a requirement of 72 classes for standard V and 23 classes for standard VIII. We have prepared the list and have submitted it to the deputy director of education for secondary and higher secondary education. He will be forwarding it to the state government for approval,\" said education officer Nitin Upasani.He said as far as possible the classes will be started from this academic year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15485098", "title": "\u2018Prime land under dispute in Koti being encroached\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Controversy has once again erupted over encroachment of a large tract of land located behind Government ENT Hospital in Koti with hospital authorities fuming at the sudden appearance of sheds for parking transport vehicles in a corner of the land last week.Dispute over land measuring 3831 square yards on the south-west side of the hospital surfaced two decades ago, with some individuals claiming ownership. When the matter reached the city civil court in 1999, it was dismissed on two occasions on the grounds that the petitioners could not provide adequate evidence for their claims. The petitioners then moved the high court where the case is pending.Meanwhile, the individuals applied for transfer of rights on the basis of GO 166 dated February 16, 2008 (regularization of government lands in possession of private properties). The government issued three government orders, 627,628 and 629 dated June 24 2009 after the district level committee approved the regularization applications. The issue of the orders was contested by hospital authorities and when media reported allegations of wrongful regularization, the government put the orders in abeyance.In June 2010, the district collector of Hyderabad wrote to the revenue department requesting cancellation of the orders. In his communication, he stated that the land once belonged to Raja Pratap Gir whose deodhi later became the ENT hospital. Pratap Gir had mortgaged an area of around 8 acres in 1931 to then finance minister, Hyderabad State. But after defaulting on part of the payment he agreed to sell the house along with the land. However, he failed to execute the sale deed and litigation started. When the legal battle reached the Supreme Court, it was dismissed and the house along with land was surrendered to the government. The collector had also mentioned that the town survey records show the land as belonging to the hospital, and recommended cancellation of the government orders citing irregularities.Hospital authorities say that they have been fighting off the claimants for more than two decades. They allege that the claimants got an injunction from the high court in 2010 through misrepresentation of facts, and based on the interim order, they are using the land for their benefit. \"We have made several representations to the government and are also fighting a legal battle in the high court. This land belongs to the hospital and will come in use for future expansion. Now the land has been given out for parking purposes by the encroachers and money is being collected for the same. We will write to the district authorities to take notice of the latest development,\" said hospital superintendent Ramakrishina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15483488", "title": "Security beefed up ahead of Independence Day", "text": "NOIDA: Security has been beefed up in Noida and Greater Noida prior to Independence Day celebrations. While a team of Anti-Sabotage Squad has been deployed to closely monitor suspicious movements in busy locations, a Bomb Disposal Squad has also been kept on standby to respond to any emergency situation. The traffic department will not allow movement of heavy vehicles from Noida to Delhi from midnight of August 14 for around 12 hours.\"Any heavy vehicles travelling towards Delhi will be intercepted and not allowed to cross the border after midnight on August 14,\" said traffic inspector, Dharmendra Yadav.Police said that a close vigil is being kept so that terrorists can't use Noida or Greater Noida as a hideout. \"All vital installations are under close vigil. We are conducting random checks throughout the cities to detect if there are any sleeper cells belonging to terrorist outfits,\" said Yogesh Singh, SP (City). \"We are also constantly in touch with police of neighbouring districts as well as Delhi for sharing important information,\" added Singh.Possible hideouts for terrorists, including hotels and lodges, are being checked by the police. \"The registers of lodges and hotels are being checked for check-ins within the last few days. We are also checking out tenants or paying guests who have moved into any residential houses recently,\" said Singh.A recce of important commercial areas is also being conducted by the cops. \"Malls, commercial establishments and market places are being kept under surveillance by plainclothesmen. A close tab is being kept on cyber cafes and PCOs,\" added Singh.The six Metro stations in Noida, apart from numerous restaurants, high-rise commercial buildings, and private and public hospitals are also being checked with particular emphasis being put on parking lots to detect abandoned vehicles. \"Vehicles are being checked randomly. A sniffer dog squad has also been pressed into service,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15485254", "title": "Frequent flyer Patil beats PM in trips", "text": "NEW DELHI: While it is no secret that former President Pratibha Patil set new records with her incessant travel, RTI records have revealed another dubious first. Patil travelled twice as many times as the PM and vice-president over the last three years spending over Rs 140 crore in air travel expenses alone.According to data given by Air Force in response to an RTI filed by activist Subhash Agrawal, IAF's special aircraft conducted 466 'sorties' between 2008 and 2011. Patil was the most frequent flyer using IAF planes 255 times as compared to PM Manmohan Singh (108) and vice-president Hamid Ansari (106).The special planes that were acquired between August, 2008 and January, 2009, have cost the exchequer $161,425,567. The three Business Boeing Jets are equipped with advanced self-protection suites, encrypted satellite communication facilities and advanced navigational aids. IAF said the former president visited 18 countries in 10 trips from November, 2008, to October, 2011. The rest of the sorties were domestic trips.There is some variance in records with RTI responses from the MEA had pegged the cost of Patil's travel to Rs 205 crore of which Rs 169 crore was incurred by Air India , while the rest included local travel, accommodation and daily allowance.The destinations included Vietnam , Indonesia , Spain, Poland , Russia , Tajikistan , England, Cyprus , China, Laos , Cambodia , the UAE , Syria , Mauritius , Republic of Korea, Mongolia , Switzerland and Austria .Her predecessor A P J Abdul Kalam undertook seven trips to 17 countries during his five-year tenure. While, K R Narayanan covered 10 countries in six trips and S D Sharma covered 16 nations in four trips.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15485184", "title": "Gandhi Hospital hit by dearth of anaesthetists", "text": "HYDERABAD: Extreme shortage of anaesthetists at the state-run Gandhi Hospital is taking a toll on poor patients. The deficiency has kept hundreds of surgeries from being performed with the waiting time stretching up to two months in some departments.Doctors here say that the shortage precipitated three months ago when three specialists moved out of the hospital and were not replaced. The impact is huge as not just elective procedures are getting inordinately delayed but few departments are forced to close down Operation Theatres (OTs) despite the long waiting list.Patients needing super specialty treatment in paediatric surgery, plastic surgery, neurosurgery and urology have been the worst hit.Doctors working in these departments concede that patients have been hugely inconvenienced in paediatric and plastic surgery departments where the number of surgeries has dwindled by a massive 50%.Furthermore, the hospital's busy orthopaedic department has shut down two of its four operation theatres due to lack of anaesthesia providers.While on record, all the 13 posts are filled up, these posts were sanctioned 27 years ago when the hospital had less than 10 OTs and a considerably lesser workload. Currently, Gandhi Hospital has 27 OTs and 13 anaesthetists are grossly inadequate for a hospital whose workload has gone up several folds, they say.While several super specialty departments were added apart from surgeons, doctors note that comparative increase of anaesthesia posts did not take place. \"The existing 13 specialists are adequate for only 16 OTs,\" says a specialist.\"We operate 5 days a week but for 2 days we don't have anaesthesiologist. Normally, it takes 3 to 10 days for a patient to reach the operation table but now the waiting time for admitted patients has gone up to two weeks. We are somehow managing emergency cases,\" says a source from plastic surgery department. According to Dr Upender Goud, head, anaesthesia, 40-53 surgeries are performed at Gandhi Hospital on an average daily.\"The number of surgeries is not the criteria. What matters is the quality of work. Even a small mistake can cost the life of the patient. We are overburdened and hard-pressed,\" says Dr Goud.Incidentally, several representations given by the anaesthesia department are pending with the state government for nearly four years. For the time being, the officials said that they are planning to outsource a couple of specialists and are hoping that half of the problem would be solved in about a month or so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15483953", "title": "'Time for Indian business wisdom to take centre stage in West'", "text": "RANCHI: In the changing world order where power is shifting to China and India, management practices of these countries are assuming significance, felt experts at a programme called, \"Management in the new world order\", organized by the Indian Institute of Management Ranchi.The management concepts and practices taught and imbibed in western countries have failed to keep industries alive and kicking. Now it's time for the Indian method to take centre stage. Management thinker, Subash Sharma, said Indian wisdom is most prevalent in the realm of business. \"Wisdom plays a crucial role in management,\" said Sharma.Delivering the keynote address, Sharma stressed upon the impact of Indian wisdom and thought on western business. Another keynote speaker was M V Sobbiah of the Murugappa Group. IIM Ranchi director, M J Xavier, said time has come for lessons from the Indian business community, India's philosophical orientation and wisdom to draft new management theories.\"These theories have been successful in helping business grow. It needs to be developed into clear concepts and taught as management practices,\" said Xavier.Papers on Holy Management were presented by Narayan Palani, a management expert and Ramachandran Sathyanarayan. Ramakrishna Venkateshkumar presented papers on \"Kanchipuram silk clusters and comparisons with Thailand .\" Another presentation was \"Krishna to Prahalad - a continuum of management technology\" ----- which was presented by P Ammani, P Lakshmi Prassana and P Radhika. Other presentations also covered ancient conventional business.The conference will continue till Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484654", "title": "HC notice on \u2018caution\u2019 to CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Monday sought a reply from the chief minister and others on a plea alleging that the report of the Lokayukta, recommending issuance of \"caution\" to CM Sheila Dikshit for allegedly misrepresenting facts on construction of low-cost 60,000 flats ahead of 2008 Assembly polls, was being \"diluted\". A bench of Justices Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Vipin Sanghi also issued notice to the home ministry, the Delhi government and the Lokayukta.The court was hearing the petition of lawyer Sunita Bhardwaj seeking the setting aside of an order of the competent authority (in MHA which deals with lokayuktas' reports) alleging that it, instead of \"cautioning\" Dikshit, diluted effect of Lokayukta's report and asked the Delhi government officials to be \"more careful\" in future. Delhi Lokayukta had submitted a report to the Lt Governor recommending the issuance of \"caution\" against the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15485026", "title": "Hindustan Motors to cash in on 6-month breather", "text": "KOLKATA: Hindustan Motors expects a windfall from the government's decision to allow sale of vehicles that comply with Bharat Stage III vehicular emission norms for six months more.According to Hindustan Motors managing director and chief executive officer Uttam Bose, the company expects a quantum jump in sale of Ambassadors in the remaining seven months of this fiscal, particularly those powered by diesel engines that sell as yellow taxis.\"Against 2,500 units of Ambassador that we sold last year, we expect to sell twice as many cars this year. Most of it will be to the taxi segment in Kolkata,\" Bose said.Sale of Ambassador taxis had been suspended since April 1, 2011, a year after BS IV norms were rolled out in 11 Indian cities, including Kolkata. Though the government had allowed HM to sell its BS III Ambys to replace old cabs for 12 months after the deadline, it was suspended thereafter. But on Saturday, the government extended the deadline for BS III phaseout by six months.According to HM dealer Sanjay Patodia, more than 4,000-plus taxis that are over 15 years old are waiting to be replaced. \"We haven't received any communication from the transport department or public vehicles department on the matter. The delivery of vehicles can begin as soon as the notification is issued,\" Patodia said.Though nearly all other manufactures have BS IV compliant diesel vehicles on offer, cabbies in Kolkata continue to depend on Ambassadors as they are spacious, hardy, can be repaired anywhere and have low spare parts cost. According to deal, an operator can replace his old vehicle with a BS III Ambassador for Rs 3.91 lakh. While the new vehicle costs Rs 4.41 lakh, the scrap value of the old vehicle is Rs 50,000.Acknowledging that the company was in an extremely challenging situation with plummeting sales and loss of Rs 29.96 crore in 2011-12, Bose said the introduction of BS IV engine early next fiscal could stem the tide.\"The prototype engine will be tested in October. Thereafter, validated and standard operating procedures will take another couple of months,\" the official said.The CEO claimed that the new engine could also be modified to become BS V compliant. \"The BS V project is also underway and we hope to meet the deadline of April 1, 2014,\" he said.Incidentally, HM used to sell over 18,000 Ambassador cars a year prior to the entry of global auto majors in 1995. Thereafter, sales had declined steadily and reached a plateau of around 10,000 units per annum a few years ago. However, the sales nosedived last year as HM was unable to offer BS IV Ambys for the taxi segment. Over 40% of the Amby sales in the country are in West Bengal with nearly 50% comprising yellow taxis.Meanwhile, green activist Subhas Dutta is planning to move court against the government decision to extend the BS III deadline. \"It is not in the domain of the government to stretch emission norm deadlines and throw the city into a gas chamber. I shall bring this to the attention of the high court,\" he said.The hearing on a plea on pollution from automobile emissions filed by Dutta is slated on Thursday. He also pointed out that the state government did not have the power to tinker with the different stages of the auto-fuel policy declared by the ministry of petroleum that are part of the central Motor Vehicles Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "15485585", "title": "Suspended DySP held, released", "text": "BICHOLIM: Suspended police officer DySP Shamba Sawant was arrested and released by the Bicholim police on Monday in connection with a case of using abusive language and threatening a family.He was arrested following a complaint by Prasad Sawant that the officer along with a couple of others verbally abused him at house at Rumad Pale on Saturday afternoon.A counter complaint was lodged by Vishwas and Parikshit Sawant- brother and son of the officer. Others arrested and later released include Sadanand Narvekar, Siddharth Sawant, Aniket Sawant, Prashant Phadte, Sainath Chawdikar besides the complainant Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15483754", "title": "Woman attacked with acid for refusing sex offer", "text": "RANCHI: A married woman was attacked with acid on Sunday after she spurned advances of two men in Jamtara district's Bagdehari village 350 km from Ranchi. The victim, who is in her early 20s, suffered burns on her face and body.Police said the two men had asked the woman to have sex with them and when she refused, they threw acid on her. \"Her family members have said the accused had been trying to force her to have sex with them before she got married a few months ago,\" a source said.Jamtara SP Sunil Bhaskar said the police have lodged an FIR for attempted murder. \"The place is near the Jharkhand-Bengal border and the accused have sneaked into the neighbouring state. We expect the duo - Swapan and Khokhan Gorai - to be arrested very soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15486702", "title": "Intelligence units told to keep an eye on disruptive element", "text": "VARANASI: Strengthening the intelligence wing is the only option to foil the bid by destructive forces like communal elements, Maoist outfits and terrorist groups. IG GL Meena has asked the intelligence units to prepare a detailed report on the past activities and sharpen the vigil on the modules of such elements.\"The fact can't be denied that putting a check on the criminal activities is the prime task for the police and supporting agencies. But, the sensitivity of Varanasi zone is also high due to the terrorist activities, Maoist menace and the presence of anti-social elements, who can disturb communal harmony,\" said Meena while talking to TOI on Monday. The zone has three Maoist affected districts.After the killing of dreaded dacoits in the ravines of Chambal and Bundelkhand area, it was considered that the menace of bandits had ended but the recent killings of five persons in the same area compelled everyone to change the opinion, he said.Taking lesson from the carnage, the police and paramilitary forces deployed in Maoist affected districts have been asked to continue the area dominance operation and keep the intelligence units active, said Meena.Repeated terrorist attacks in Varanasi and connection of terror modules with Azamgarh district is also a cause of worry. Meena said that a detailed report on all the incidents of terrorist blasts, identified modules and investigations has been sought from the intelligence units and other agencies. He said that nefarious designs of these modules can be foiled by timely collection of intelligence inputs. The people are cooperative and the agencies would have to develop confidence among them to seek cooperation to get intelligence inputs.The incidents of communal violence also project a bad picture of any place. The zone also houses many districts which are communally sensitive, initiating preventive action is a must. \"I have asked the intelligence units to provide a detailed report on all the communal activities that had taken place in the region in past one or two decades,\" said Meena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15485059", "title": "Three arrested for thrashing youth", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Dabeerpura police arrested three persons for allegedly thrashing a youth for his reported association with a girl.On Friday evening, Ashwin Pawar of Jumerat Bazaar was going along with a friend on a two-wheeler when he was stopped near Malakpet fire station. Dabeerpura police said Pawar and the girl, who was not identified, were students of a distance education institute located in Ibrahimpatnam. They had gone to collect their hall tickets from the college and were waylaid on their return. Pawar was reportedly beaten up by the gang of youths.Following Pawar's complaint, the police registered a case under 153(A) (Promoting enmity between groups on grounds of religion. Three youths - M A Haneef and Mohammed Hameeduddin , both from Malakpet, Akbarbagh, and Syed Imran Hussain of Chanchalguda - who allegedly thrashed Pawar were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15485735", "title": "Two private airlines buses seized for tax evasion", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The regional transport office have seized two buses of a private airlines at Biju Patnaik airport on charges of plying illegally for the past three years. The vehicles were seized by motor vehicle inspector near Naveen Niwas on Saturday.\"We spotted the two buses nearly two km away from the airport. Upon inspection, we found that the buses were plying illegally. They neither had RTO permit nor paid tax to Odisha government,\" Bhubaneswar MVI Dipti Ranjan Patra said.Though the buses (52-seater and 32-seater) were registered in West Bengal , the owners allegedly did not inform the Bhubaneswar RTO after the vehicles entered Odisha. \"The vehicles migrating from other states are required to obtain re-registration here. The vehicle owner should have produced 'No Objection Certificate' (NOC) to us. But the buses were found flouting the MVI norm,\" Patra said.Each vehicle owner allegedly evaded tax to the tune of Rs 4 lakh till today, sources said. \"Each vehicle was supposed to pay nearly Rs 10,000 per month tax to RTO. We have asked the owners to furnish the documents at the earliest and pay the fine,\" the MVI said.The RTO officials said they would soon conduct surprise checks inside the airport to verify the credentials of other buses. \"The security wing of airport should have checked the documents of buses before allowing those to transport passengers from boarding station to the flight point,\" a transport officer said. Airport authorities said they would cooperate with the RTO to conduct the fitness check of the airbuses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15485717", "title": "You have cell phones, call the cops to inform law and order problem: HC to TV reporters", "text": "BANGALORE: The counsel representing a regional TV news channel informed the Karnataka high court on Monday that they are working in a \"vacuum\". \"I am a news broadcaster, not a cable operator. So, the Cable TV Network Act is not applicable (to me),\" Sajjan Poovaiah, representing Suvarna News 24x7 informed the court during the hearing of a PIL.Earlier, the bench wanted to know why news channels cannot inform police when they learn about a law and order problem. \"You've all got cell phones,\" the bench observed.The petitioners of the PIL, a group of advocates, sought appropriate directions to seven private television channels, citing several incidents where the crew accompanied the aggrieved persons to places where the alleged accused were, and telecast violent acts the aggrieved resorted to.Yeddyurappa to file affidavitThe Karnataka High Court on Monday asked former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa to file an affidavit with regard to his availability for interrogation by the CBI, even as his counsel described his client's situation as being placed under \"house arrest\".Justice Subhash B Adi asked the counsel to submit an affidavit by Tuesday, after he submitted that the former chief minister would be available for questioning a day after he received notice from CBI for appearance. \"Even if he goes to Jindal, CBI claims it is 2km away from Bangalore city. It is like house arrest,\" former advocate general Ashok Haranahalli submitted.However, CBI counsel CH Jadhav submitted that they have permitted Yeddyurappa to go, whenever permission was sought, and told the court there was no such request from the former chief minister. He also said that investigation is not yet complete. The CBI had permitted Yeddyurappa' son and MP BY Raghavendra to attend Parliament to cast his vote in the Presidential elections last month.Yeddyurappa and his son are seeking a relaxation in bail conditions. Granting anticipatory bail on June 21, the high court had asked the former chief minister and others not to leave Bangalore without prior permission of the CBI.Hearing on Lokayukta adjournedA division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen adjourned to August 31 the hearing on two PILs seeking direction to the state government to appoint a new Lokayukta. At the last hearing, the government had submitted that the process had been initiated and needed time to arrive at a consensus.HS Neelakantappa from Chikmagalur and Nagalakshmi Bai from Bangalore filed separate PILs claiming that the constitutional post of Lokayukta had been vacant since September last year and the state government is deliberately not filling up the post.Stink from Agarbathi factory?A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Monday ordered notices to the state government, state Pollution Control Board with regard to a PIL filed by several residents of Kaggalipura village coming under Uttarahalli hobli in Bangalore South taluk.William Rodrigues and others have complained that Balaji Agarbathi Industries in their area was causing air and water pollution and emitted a foul smell.\"You may say other things, but not bad smell. How can an agarbathi factory emanate bad smell?\" the Chief Justice queried the counsel for the petitioner, before adjourning the hearing. The petitioners are seeking to have the unit closed, and also disconnection of power supply to the unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15485130", "title": "IAS officer Y Srilakshmi\u2019s bail plea dismissed", "text": "HYDERABAD:Justice Samudrala Govindarajulu of the A P high court on Monday dismissed the bail petition filed by IAS officer Y Sri Lakshmi. SriLakshmi is one of the accused in the illegal mining case of Gali Janardhan Reddy's Obulapuram Mining Corporation (OMC).Discuss metro rail issueA division bench of the AP high court comprising acting Chief Justice Pinaki Chandra Ghose and Justice Vilas V Afuzulpurkar on Monday directed the metro rail authorities, office of the municipal administration department and heritage conservation committee to discuss the issues raised by the heritage conservation committee regarding the implementation of the metro rail project vis-a-vis heritage structures and precincts in Hyderabad", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15483392", "title": "Guard cut power supply to Pallavi Purkayastha\u2019s flat twice before", "text": "MUMBAI: Wadala watchman and murder accused Sajjad Mughal had switched off the power to law graduate Pallavi Purkayastha's 16th floor flat twice over the past fortnight to put his plan to rape her into execution, said a crime branch official.The first two attempts did not work as Avik was present at home on both occasions. Early last Thursday, Mughal sneaked into the 25-year-old woman's flat with the help of stolen keys and murdered her after she resisted his attempts to rape her. The police said he switched off the power to the flat four times before attacking Pallavi.Investigators learnt from the building's security guards that Mughal had been employed as a watchman for the past two and a half years. \"Mughal used to accompany the electrician whenever power tripped in the building. He planned to execute the offence after learning which 'trip' button was connected to which apartment, especially the one where Pallavi lived,\" the officer said.A Wadala Truck Terminal police official told TOI: \"The other guards' statements have been recorded. Mughal knew what time Pallavi and Avik would leave for work and return.\" The crime branch official said Mughal disconnected the power supply to Pallavi's flat twice in the past 15 days. \"But his plan did not work as Avik returned home early on both occasions and got the problem fixed,\" he added.Late on Wednesday, Mughal decided to try and execute his plan again. \"Avik said he usually returned around midnight. That day, he was late. Mughal took advantage of this,\" the official said. Mughal cut the power supply four times after Pallavi returned from work before attacking her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15484417", "title": "Faculty crunch hits IIM-Ahmedabad!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Professors at Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) help students land dream jobs. But, it seems now they themselves are landing dream jobs outside the campus.Over the last couple of years, several senior faculty members have quit the premier business school to pursue their own interests or have taken sabbaticals to explore green pastures elsewhere.\"Students and management programmes have doubled at IIM-A in the last 10 years, but the faculty number has been almost the same. This, despite the fact that the institute recruits actively every year,\" said a senior faculty member. In 2000-01, there was one faculty member for every five students. Today, there is one faculty member for every 10 students. Between 2000-01 and 2012-13, the number of students has gone up by 117%. As against this, the faculty strength has increased by just about 10%.In the last three academic years, senior and visiting faculty members who bid adieu to IIM-A or took a sabbatical include Dileep Mavlankar, Devanath Tirupati, MS Sriram, Pankaj Chandra, Ramesh Bhat, Pranaya Srivastava, G Raghuram and N Ravichandran.Several other professors like Nagesh Rao, Tejas Desai, Arpita Ghosh, Smeeta Mishra, Subhashini Kaul, Sandeep Parekh and Abhishek Mishra have quit their jobs. Former dean of alumni and external relations Atanu Ghosh, who was a visiting faculty for four years at IIM-A, went back to his parent institute IIT Bombay this year.Admitting the paucity, Ajay Pandey, dean of faculty, said, \"About 8 to 10 faculty members join the institute every year but attrition is a problem \u2014 many fresh recruits say their spouses find it difficult to get attractive jobs in Ahmedabad.\"However, figures suggest that attrition is not limited to fresh recruits, as senior faculty members have taken up jobs to become directors or deans at different colleges. The institute has a minimum requirement of 120 faculty members. Pandey added that many faculty members have also retired since 2010. At IIM-A a retiring professor can get a 5-year extension to work as visiting faculty but insiders say not many are able to get one. \"Once foreign institutes start setting up shop in India, the problem will aggravate further,\" said a senior faculty member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15485404", "title": "CET\u2019s \u2018Drishti\u2019 revival edition to focus on frugal innovation", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The students of College of Engineering, Thiruvananthapuram are looking back for something new and meaningful. Leaving behind the meaningless entertainment events they have hosted, the students have decided to revive 'Drishti', the CET's techno-management fest which was held for the first and only time in 2003. This year, the fest which focuses on frugal innovation, will be held from Sept 14 to 16.\"Students had made up their mind to organise Drishti at the beginning of the academic year. We are a technical college but we were focused on hosting cultural festivals. Now, we feel that it is time to break out of the mould and exhibit our talent not just in arts but also in the sciences,\" said S Vivek Menon, member of the organizing committee of Drishti.The students chose frugal innovation as the theme because they were inspired by certain innovations that have been widely accepted by economically backward social groups such as prosthetic limbs from discarded PVC pipes and water bottle light bulb.\"We want to bring out similar innovations from our students to let them show the world how scrap can be converted to useful material at a greater scale and at a lesser price,\" Menon said.The college has also requested the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (Thiruvananthapuram chapter), ISRO and the DRDO to participate. However, exhibition of projects based on frugal innovation will only be one of the aspects of the techno fest. Seminars, meeting with the CEOs of Technopark and inter-college competitions too will part of the fest. Each department will get to organize exhibitions and conduct programmes to benefit students of the respective subjects.\"School students from Thiruvananthapuram and Kochi will also be invited for the young engineers' contest where they will get to present their innovative ideas for the future. The best ideas will win a certificate signed by APJ Abdul Kalam,\" added Menon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15485802", "title": "Only two vans to catch dogs in Bhopal!", "text": "BHOPAL: A pack of stray dogs hounded Prateek Mujumdar, a resident of E-2, Arera Colony last week scaring him to death. \"I was returning from my friend's place after a get-together at around 11 in the night last week. I was on my bike. A pack of six or seven dogs ran after my motorbike. In sheer fear I lost my balance,\" said Prateek, a class XII student. \"I sprained my left leg and bruised my hand,\" he added.In another incident, a family was returning after a late night dinner in their car, when a pack of stray dogs chased the car menacingly in Bharti Niketan opposite Gautam Nagar. Suresh Dhariya, a resident of Bharti Niketan said, \"I was returning from a late night dinner with my wife and son, when dogs suddenly started barking and followed our car. Had I not applied brakes on time, I would have met with an accident.\"The stray dog menace is not just limited to Bharti Niketan and Arera Colony. Currently, the corporation has only two dog catching vans active in the city. The Bhopal Municpal Corporation dog catching squad consists of 18 members, BMC officials said. As per BMC estimates, on an average there are 150 dogs in a radius of every 5 km in the city. According to 2011 census, the population of Bhopal is a little more than 23 lakhs.A few months ago, a 7-year-old boy was hounded by a pack of stray dogs in Shivaji Nagar. The injured boy was then rushed to the nearby hospital. Despite several complaints from the residents, the corporation has not yet taken action.\"After the incident, I registered many complaints with the BMC call centre, but in vain,\" added Rohit Chouksey, a resident of Shivaji Nagar.\"The corporation launched a campaign to sterilize stray dogs a month back. We have formed a committee which includes MIC member Narayan Singh Pal, corporator Meena Yadav, veterinary doctor from the state veterinary hospital K S Tomar, Dr Neena Tripathi and member of Wild Welfare Association Neelam Kaur, to take proper measures to curb the stray dog menace,\" Bhopal Municpal Corporation additional commissioner Pramod shukla said.\"The corporation in co-operation with the state vet hospital has commenced Asra campaign in which a team of doctors is sterilizing dogs and giving them rabies injection,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15484288", "title": "State govt team to meet PM over land shortage in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Keen to tide over the land shortage in the city, a state team will visit Delhi on Tuesday to press for the Centre's intervention in this regard. The state wants the centre to take a policy decision regarding encroachments on land occupied by the Central government as soon as possible. The team, led by CM Prithviraj Chavan, is scheduled to meet PM Manmohan Singh in this context.Slum rehabilitation schemes, which advocate in situ redevelopment, are applicable only to state-owned lands. An inventory ordered by Chavan has revealed that a considerable percentage of slum structures exist on land occupied by the army, navy, air force and port trust. While the agencies have approached the centre for clearance of slums, they have been unable to provide land for redevelopment.The state has prepared a detailed presentation on the extent of the slum structures and their density on Central government lands. The state wants the Centre to either allow in situ redevelopment of Central government land or provide alternative land for redevelopment. The centre's Rajeev Awaas Yojana (RAY) makes the state government responsible for providing land for redevelopment of slums.Chavan is also expected to meet union environment minister Jayanti Natarajan to reiterate the state government's demand for withdrawal of a ministry notification imposing fresh restrictions on high-rise development. Chavan will also push for funding aid and clearance to key infrastructure projects.Chavan to raise Indu mill row with PM: The CM said he has plans to demand that Singh fast-track handing over of National Textile Corporation (NTC)-owned Indu mill land to the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15485100", "title": "Singur Act a \u2018landmark\u2019: M K Narayanan", "text": "KOLKATA: The Singur Act, which is now under judicial scrutiny, has found a place on a list of \"landmark enactments\" mentioned by Governor M K Narayanan at the inauguration of the platinum jubilee celebration of the assembly on Monday.The Gorkhaland Territorial Authority Act, which brought peace to Darjeeling after years of turmoil, was also mentioned as one of the \"landmark enactments\" in the history of the assembly.Among the other pieces of legislation, the governor mentioned the Land Reforms Act, the Panchayat Act and acts relating to welfare of labourers and of minorities.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee welcomed the Governor's observation on the Singur Act. \"He has said the right thing. We are proud of it (the Singur Act),\" she said.In her speech, the chief minister described the Singur Act as one of the \"achievements\" of her government.Mamata hinted that the government planned to construct a new assembly building. \"The space in the present assembly building is turning inadequate. There are so many paintings of national leaders that cannot be displayed because of lack of space. There should be more room for the archive and other facilities,\" she said, urging Speaker Biman Banerjee to think about the problem.The foundation stone of the assembly was laid in 1928 and it started functioning in 1937.Former Speaker of Lok Sabha Somnath Chatterjee was felicitated, along with former assembly Speaker Hasim Abdul Halim at Monday's event. Three former deputy speakers \u2014 Kalimuddin Shams, Kripa Sindhu Saha and Bhaktipada Ghosh \u2014 were also felicitated. Eight senior legislators who have been members of the assembly for eight terms were also feted \u2014 Kazi Abdul Gaffar, Gyan Singh Sohan Pal, Abdul Karim Chowdhury, Probodh Chandra Sinha, Subrata Mukherjee, Abdur Rezzak Mollah, Narayan Mukherjee and Upen Kisku.It was one of those rare occasions were Somnath Chatterjee occupied the chair of the assembly speaker to inaugurate a seminar on \"Strengthening Parliamentary Democracy.\" Listing the shortcomings of the parliamentary form of democracy, Chatterjee said, \"People must have the right to recall their elected representatives if the latter are not acting in tune with their interests.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15485866", "title": "Two H1N1 suspect cases reported in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "INDORE: After nearby Maharashtra, cases of suspected swine flu appear to be on the rise in Madhya Pradesh . Two suspected cases were reported from Jabalpur and Indore on Monday. The health department confirmed one H1N1 positive case in Jabalpur while another suspected patient was found in Indore whose confirmatory report is yet to be declared. Earlier, one death was reported in Indore.So far in the year 2012, a total of nine patients were found H1N1 positive while three deaths were reported from the state, including one from Indore. The data of health department says that a total of 72 samples of throat swabs were collected from various parts of the state including Indore, Bhopal , Jabalpur and Gwalior divisions, of which nine were confirmed positive. Dr G L Sodhi, district health officer said, \"The situation is under control and there is no need to panic. The number of samples being collected for test is rising but we it cannot be termed as serious or an outbreak. I suspect there is similar virus to that of H1N1 which is troubling people.\"A maximum of 50 samples were collected from the state capital out of which two were found positive. Jabalpur recorded highest number of swine flu patients in state with total of five patients found H1N1 positive, including one on Monday.The deadly virus has claimed fives lives and infected near about 80 people in just 10 days in Maharashtra. In July, eight died and more than 200 were infected by the virus. \"We take travel history of the patients who shows symptoms of flu but we have not witnessed them travelling to other states. So, chances of such infection are less. We suspect there is some similar virus in air is troubling,\" said Dr Sodhi.Meanwhile, chest specialists told TOI that, \"Changing weather helps in proliferation of the virus. Dr Vallabh Mundra, chest specialist said, \"Changing weather, rains and cool environment give space to H1N1 virus to spread.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15485676", "title": "Headless body found at Miramar", "text": "PANAJI: A headless body was found washed ashore Miramar beach on Monday morning. The deceased was identified as Laxman Atmaram Sawant, a 60-year-old retired Sesa Goa employee and resident of Tivim.Speaking to mediapersons, Panaji police said they received a call around 7am that a decapitated body had been spotted on the beach.The left arm of the body was also missing and was it clothed only in black trousers.DySp Umesh Gaonkar said the identification was aided by a missing complaint registered at the Mapusa police station on August 9-Sawant had been missing since the evening of August 8-and his sister identifying him by a burn mark on his leg.Police estimate the body had been floating for 3-4 days and the stab marks on the front torso show Sawant had a struggle with his assailant before being murdered, police said.The victim is survived by his wife, son and two daughters. He had retired two years ago, said police.A case has been booked under IPC Sections 302 (murder) and 201 (causing disappearance of evidence). Further investigations are in progress. SP Vijay Singh and Panaji PI Rajendra Prabhudessai also briefed the press.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15485424", "title": "'Buzz has opened new career options for students'", "text": "NAGPUR: To what extent will a student go to ensure presence at the felicitation ceremony of School Buzz? Ask Tanya Nagpal, one of the student editors from Delhi Public School (DPS), Nagpur, who came back all the way from Jabalpur for just one day to attend the function on Monday.After being a student editor for the School Buzz edition, Tanya had shifted base to Jabalpur. \"My family shifted to Jabalpur, so I had to move. But every single day I was waiting for our edition to be published. I was constantly in touch with my teachers so that I could attend the felicitation function,\" said Tanya.For Mansi Padole, another student editor, it was a moment of pride to see her hard work translated into published articles in TOI. \"I was so happy. I could show it around to my family and friends,\" she said.On the lighter side, Abhishek Rudrakar, another student editor, said apart from being a learning opportunity the School Buzz also gave student editors a chance to bunk their classes and get involved in interesting tasks.\"Initially, we were a bit worried as the students were very young, in fact the youngest school editors till now, but they worked really hard and rose to the occasion. We are very proud of them,\" said Suraksha Sharma, teacher.Agreeing with Sharma, another teacher Chitra Nair said the students showed a lot of enthusiasm while working for Buzz. \"They got into the act very fast, selecting poems, photos and drawings and along with the TOI team they pulled out all stops to do a wonderful job,\" she said.\"I think this initiative by the TOI will open up new avenues in terms of career options for the children. This experience is also a lesson in decision-making as the students had to choose through a lot of things for publishing,\" said Lt Col Rajiv Nagpal, Tanya's father.Calling herself lucky, Almas Azfar said, \"I wasn't selected at first and then one of the girls didn't come and I was included. I was so happy that I could be a part of Buzz.\" Talking about the excitement among the students, Kaveri Majumder, mother of student editor Ankita said, \"Immediately after coming home she started talking non stop about what all the children did in the School Buzz meeting. She was all praise for the concept and seemed to have enjoyed and learnt a lot from the experience.\"\"First I thought it would be a boring academic exercise, but it turned out to be a unique and interesting thing from which I learnt a lot,\" said Sarthak Patil, a student editor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15486014", "title": "President's race will be closer than Usain's bolt: Barack Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: President Barack Obama has predicted that this year's presidential election will be far closer than one of Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt's gold medal sprints. \"This is not going to be a race like Usain Bolt , where we're like 40 yards ahead, and we can just kind of start jogging 10 feet before the finish line,\" Obama said on the front lawn of his Chicago home.\"We're going to have to run through the tape,\" Obama told crowd of 100 that paid $40,000 each to hear from the president on the lush green grounds of his Kenwood house. \"But we're really well positioned to not just win, but to keep America moving forward,\" Politico quoted Obama as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15486919", "title": "Tough cops dole out some free advice too", "text": "CHENNAI: While police have orders from the Tamil Nadu chief minister's cell to properly register and investigate all genuine cases of marital discord, they prefer to send the couples for counselling first.\"As per the law, we have to give the couple enough time and counselling to try and keep the marriage intact. Some may think it is very tedious process. But we need this to strengthen our culture ,\" a police officer said.Also, say police, the lines often overlap between the Domestic Violence Act and the Dowry Prohibition Act, making their task more complicated . A woman can file a case against her husband under the Domestic Violence Act and also under the Dowry Prohibition Act (DP Act), wherein her in-laws can also be implicated.If she files under the DP Act, she can opt for alimony from her husband, live in the same house, or move out. According to lawyer P Sumathi, the objective of the DP Act is to prohibit the practice of dowry. \"If the woman opts to register a case under the Dowry Violence Act, her husband will not be punished directly. He has to just follow the court's orders regarding he benefits due to his wife,\" says a police officer.The police say though they do not have too much power to exercise under the Domestic Violence Act. \"If the petitioner insists on registering a case under the Domestic Violence Act, we forward the cases to the protection officer or the social welfare officer,\" says Vasundara Devi, assistant commissioner of police, Chennai city cyber crime wing.But on the other hand, there are cases of husbands crying foul play against wives for registering false cases against them under the Dowry Prohibition Act. \"That is why we suggest counselling first. If that does not work, then we forward the case to the all woman police station nearest to their house,\" says a police officer.According to the National Crime Records Bureau 2011 report , it is learnt that the women are more subject to violence inside their homes than outside. The report brings out the fact that in more than 50% of the cases of domestic violence reported last year, the accused were either husbands or close relatives. Out of the 2,28,650 incidents in the country, husbands and in-laws were the accused in 50% (1,14,372) of the cases. Cruelty by husbands (Section 498-a ) accounted for a major share \u2014 99,135 cases.Cruelty by husband also accounts for a majority of the crimes against women in the state. Out of the total 6,940 cases registered, 1,812 cases were filed under Section 498-a of the IPC.The state also recorded 152 dowry deaths and 195 cases of dowry prohibition. However, IPC Section 498-a , which accounts for a major chunk of the cases, is also often termed as a much misused law. For a few years now, campaigners have been alleging that the law was often misused by a few women to harass their estranged husbands and in-laws .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15485454", "title": "Hubby, in-laws get 10-yr jail for software engineer\u2019s death", "text": "CHENNAI: Nearly 18 months after a techie killed herself after being harassed for dowry in Chennai, her husband and his parents have been sentenced to 10 years rigorous imprisonment.The mahila court imposed the punishment on S Dinesh Kumar, 32, and his parents S Sampath, 65, and S Vasanthi, 56, holding them guilty of driving Dinesh Kumar's wife Vijayalakshmi to suicide on February 27, 2010.Kumar is employed in a computer firm in Taramani and he married Vijayalakshmi on August 30, 2009. Vijayalakshmi was working in a software company.At the time of the marriage, the bride's parents had agreed to give 25 sovereigns of gold to Kumar besides 1 lakh in cash. Her parents, however, could only give 20 sovereigns. The prosecution said that few months after the marriage, Vijayalakshmi was harassed for dowry. After the marriage, owing to ill treatment and denial of proper amenities, she even had a miscarriage, the court was informed.On February 27, 2010 she called up her mother Leelavathi and her brother and told them about her in-laws' ill-treatment. She then committed suicide by hanging. Leelavathi lodged a complaint with the Rajamangalam police.Noting that it had been proved by evidence, the judge pointed out that Vijayalakshmi had spoken to her mother and brother explaining the situation moments before her death.The judge found all three guilty and imposed 10 years of rigorous imprisonment each under Section 498-A (husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty) and three years each under 306 (abetment to suicide), besides a fine of 15,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484140", "title": "RIMS international school receives ISO certification", "text": "PUNE: The RIMS International School and Junior College has received an ISO 9001:2008 certification for its academic and administrative procedures. The certificate was awarded for all its sections - pre-primary, primary, secondary, IGCSE and A-Levels (junior college).The evaluation criteria were comprehensive with focus on administration, school management, education, extra-curricular activities, system monitoring, evaluation and feedback as well as staff training and development.Museeb Rais, managing director, said, \"The certification indicates that our school/college is committed to providing the best services in a most efficient manner.\" Being the first international school in Pune to offer the University of Cambridge International Examinations qualifications, RIMS has a history of 100% pass results for std X (IGCSE) for seven consecutive years.\"The certification has given us a framework to take a systematic approach to managing organisation processes, for consistent performance,\"said Shakuntala Jaisinghani, principal of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "15483939", "title": "Pak Hindu family arrives in Attari, to seek asylum", "text": "ATTARI: A six-member Hindu family from Sibi in Pakistan's Baluchistan district arrived in Attari near Amritsar to seek asylum in India on Monday.A teary-eyed Mukesh Kumar, the family head, said they were forced to leave due to the harassment meted out to the community. \"AK-47 wielding motorcyclists often come to shops of Hindus and demand huge money and often plunder our houses,\" he said.Mukesh sold off his house and other belongings before leaving Pakistan. \"We have no problem with Pakistan but with people,\" Mukesh said at the Attari international railway station.He said his relatives in Pakistan may follow suit. \"My relatives are there and could be harassed but I had to save my family. My relatives might also leave Pakistan one day.\" Mukesh said hundreds of Hindu families are looking to emigrate. He said he would go to Indore, where his cousin lives, and seek his help.Mukesh, who used to run a grocery shop in Sibi, said Pakistani immigration officials were suspicious about their visit and made them sign an undertaking, saying they were not harassed in Pakistan and would return. Mukesh's wife, Suman Devi, said they decided to leave Pakistan after kidnappers killed one of their relatives after the family failed to pay ransom for his release. \"The police did not even register a case. I am not going back to Pakistan.\" Mukesh's daughter Pranjal Pari (8) is unaware that the family has left its home forever but does not want to go back to her school. \"I am never allowed to play with other girls. I am always alone in school.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15485276", "title": "Greater Cochin Development Authority to hold two-day workshop", "text": "KOCHI: Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) will organize a workshop on August 16 and 17 that aims to develop Kochi as a global city, said chairman N Venugopal on Monday. The workshop, which will be inaugurated by speaker G Karthikeyan, will cover issues such as housing and disaster management.\"A vision document will be prepared after consulting various officials. A series of technical sessions have been planned for the workshop which will discuss various issues related to urban development and the new initiatives to be adopted by the GCDA,\" he said.Other issues that will be discussed during the event include traffic and transport problems of the city, planning issues and strategies for development, the need for electrified suburban rail transport and setting up of a metropolitan regional development authority for Kochi.Chief minister Oommen Chandy, Union minister K V Thomas, finance minister K M Mani and minister for urban affairs Manjalamkuzhi Ali will attend the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15486165", "title": "Olympics trip cost state exchequer over Rs 30 lakh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Never mind the pathetic fiscal condition of Punjab that compelled the SAD-BJP government to initiate unprecedented austerity measures. It was must for the sports minister to travel to London as part of the four-member \"official delegation\" and watch Olympics. In tow to share the inspiration were two IAS officers, his principal secretary and special secretary - who collectively have left the exchequer poorer by more than Rs 30 lakh.While employees down the ladder have been forced to forego part of their diesel money, reduced telephone facilities and even cut down work hours at \"sarkari\" offices to save electricity, the official delegation of Punjab government has been camping in London, watching Olympic matches to \"learn about international standards\".The team comprising sports minister Sukhbir Badal, chief parliamentary secretary Pargat Singh, secretary sports M S Aujla and special secretary to the deputy CM, Manvesh Singh Sidhu, left India on August 9. While two members, Badal and Sidhu, are expected to return on Tuesday, Aujla is expected to stay in London for another week till August 18. Nobody in the government seems to be aware of what is official about his schedule in London.During this time, bills of hotels, restaurants, eateries and local conveyance will be footed by the near pauper Punjab government. \"Expenses will be above Rs 30 lakh and the exact amount will be known only after all the hotel and restaurant bills have been presented for reimbursement,\" said a senior government officer.Chief secretary Rakesh Singh said that the delegation had gone to look at the \"logistics\" of organizing world-class tournaments. The only accomplishment that the delegation could boast of was a \"visit to the hockey stadiums in London to have a look at the modern infrastructure that could be provided to hockey players in Punjab\". Some meetings with officials of the hockey federation were on the cards but it was not clear if these materialized.In this age of the Internet and intense global networking, it had to take a trip to London Olympics, on government's expenditure, to make Sukhbir realize that \"competition in every game has become very intense\". This was the statement he released to the press from London on the concluding leg of his trip.Cong demands Sukhbir's resignation over dismal showCongress has demanded that Sukhbir Badal should not only resign as sports minister of Punjab for the dismal performance of sportsmen from Punjab in the Olympics, but should also deposit the entire expenditure incurred by his entourage to London back in public exchequer. \"While India as a whole improved its medal tally in the London Olympics, sportsmen from Punjab figured nowhere on the scene. States like Haryana and Himachal Pardesh have brought laurels to India with their sportsmen shining in London,\" said former Congress MLA Sukhpal Khaira.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15485480", "title": "400 small scale industries to come up in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: Small scale industries (SSI) need proper guidance and it can create many employment opportunities, said small scale industries minister Narasimha Nayak on Monday.He was speaking after inaugurating a seminar on Micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME): Managing costs to manage growth, organized by Mysore Chamber of Commerce and Industry and Associated Chamber of Commerce and Industry %of India.Mysore has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for Rs 12,000 crore investment in the recent global investors meet (GIM). Out of which of Rs 4,000 crore is dedicated to small and medium scale industries. Nearly 400 SSIs will come up soon in the city, he said.The minister also promised to provide land to those who wish to set up SSIs. For the speedy processing of single window clearance, the time limit for obtaining licence has been reduced from 90 days to 30, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15483913", "title": "Bandra fair hawkers plan to file PIL over new civic policy", "text": "MUMBAI: Vendors, who have been for years putting up stalls selling food and knick-knacks at the annual Bandra fair, are planning to move the Bombay HC to oppose the BMC's new policy for the September event. According to the new policy, this year there will be lesser number of stalls around the Mount Mary Church, claim vendors. Advocate Shane Cardoz will file a PIL this week on behalf of the Cross Organisation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "15486452", "title": "KKNPP: Children file petition on fuel loading", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: With the countdown beginning for the loading of nuclear fuel in the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KKNPP), children from the villages have stepped up the anti-nuclear crusade. As many as 260 children from Idinthakarai, the hamlet close to the nuclear plant site and the epicentre of the anti-nuclear protests, as well as from surrounding villages like Kootapuli, Koothankuzhi, Kudankulam and Perumanal travelled to the district collectorate on Monday. They submitted a petition against the loading of uranium fuel in the nuclear reactors at KKNPP.In their petition addressed to the Tirunelveli district collector, the children stated that they had been protesting against the nuclear power plant for over a year, along with their parents. They alleged that the government had launched the project without divulging any information to the local people or collecting their opinion. The children also charged that the government had failed to provide them with any disaster management training or inform them about the liability factor of Russia on these reactors. Even when the cases were pending with the Madras high court, the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) had allowed the loading of nuclear fuel in the reactors. They added that such violations committed by the government and the AERB by not respecting the sentiments of the public and condemning the court, set wrong examples for children. \"We are scared that the nuclear reactors will endanger the healthy life of hundreds of children and their parents in the surrounding villages of the power plant. Hence, we are pleading the government to not go ahead with the project,\" the children said in their petition.PMANE activist M Pushparayan said the children were accompanied by some women from the villages and no activists went along. \"District collector, R Selvaraj received the petition from the children and assured them that he would direct it to the state government,\" Pushparayan said. \"The children told us that it was a cordial meeting as the collector received them in a warm manner and patiently heard their petition,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15485839", "title": "Madhya Pradesh government rushes to renew contract of Sushil Kumar", "text": "BHOPAL: A day after ace wrestler Sushil Kumar won the silver medal at the London Olympics, the Madhya Pradesh government on Monday acted swiftly to renew his contract as chief coach of MP wrestling academy. The state government was sitting over the decision of renewal of contract of Sushil for the past eight months.It is now up to Sushil whether to accept the terms and conditions and sign the contract, once he is back from London.The star grappler was appointed as the chief coach-cum-technical advisor of the wrestling academy in 2010 and his contract expired in December 2011.Surprisingly, the issue of Suhsil's contract was kept pending for the last eight months. When contacted, director sports, Shailendra Shrivastava admitted that the renewal of Sushil's contract was pending for last eight months. \"It is a process. We wanted him to continue as chief coach of the academy. We are happy that his contract has been renewed on Monday,\" Shrivastava said.When asked about the confirmation of signing the new contract, Shrivastava said: \"We are hoping that he would accept the new contract. Even if he demands more money than we will put the issue in front the cabinet again. However, I hope he will accept the new contract without any issue.\"On the condition of anonymity, a source of the sports department said, \"Sushil did not want to be the coach of the academy. It was only after much persuasion that he had agreed to take up the assignment. The government was no delaying extension of his contract.\"The source said that added that the sports department started the process for renewal of Sushil's contract was initiated on Monday morning and cleared the same day in order to avoid embarrassment.He was contracted for an honorarium of Rs 50,000 per month and was to look after the all-round development of wrestling in the state. The grappler had visited Bhopal a couple of times to provide tips to the wrestlers of the academy and trained them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484215", "title": "'Northeast students won't leave Pune'", "text": "PUNE: Members of the Interim Forum on Monday said students from the northeast will not leave Pune since the city police, religious representatives and the state government have assured them of full support and protection.However, some of the students from the northeast living in the Kondhwa area have temporarily shifted to other parts of the city like NIBM Road and Sangvi, they said. The Interim Forum is an organisation of students from the northeast.\"Local leaders have given their names and numbers so that they can be contacted if need be. We have told the students to stay put and not to shift, since the police and local leaders have assured us of full support and protection. All the students are continuing to live here,\" said Rock Lungleng, former president of the Naga Students' Union and convenor of the forum, while addressing a news conference here on Monday.Lungleng said the recent attacks on students from the northeast are a fallout of misunderstanding between social groups in the city rather than racial discrimination. On behalf of the student community from the northeast living in the city, the members of the forum have expressed the need to co-exist. \"An understanding between the two communities is the lasting solution,\" he said.Peimingam A Zimik, president, Naga Students' Union, said, \"As representatives of students' unions, we have personally not seen students from the northeast shifting out of Pune. However, we have just heard of a few students shifting to other places such as Sangvi and NIBM road. But that is a temporary arrangement, where students are staying with their friends for the time being. They will return to their original houses once the situation cools down.\"Lungleng said the forum also got in touch with C M Chang, the local MP in Nagaland , asking him for assistance in the current situation. \"He spoke to the Maharashtra government authorities personally and told them to ensure that students from the northeast are safe here,\" he said.The members of the forum also wanted to convey to the students and their parents that the police and the state government have assured the community of their protection and assistance. \"About 60-70 elders from the Muslim community have come forward to help us and we are satisfied with the police investigations,\" Lungleng said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15483345", "title": "Shiv Sena, MNS \u2018force\u2019 multiplexes to screen Marathi movie", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena and the MNS are arm-twisting multiplexes into retaining a Marathi film despite most of them wanting to keep as many screens as possible for Salman Khan-starrer Ek Tha Tiger, which they believe will be a money-spinner.Sena and MNS cine wing members met multiplex representatives and asked them not to pull out the Marathi film, Bharatiya, from screens. Abhijit Gholap, the film's producer, accompanied them.Sources said the initial understanding was to replace Bharatiya with Ek Tha Tiger, which releases on Wednesday. However, in view of the Sena and MNS's \"pressure tactics\", some multiplexes have reportedly agreed to continue screening the Marathi film.Justifying the move, Gholap told TOI: \"My film is doing well at the box office. A lot of revenue will be lost if it is withdrawn now.\" While the Sena claimed to have take the step in the interests of the Marathi film industry and audience, the MNS went a step further and threatened to take action against the multiplexes if Bharatiya was withdrawn.Maharashtra Cine and Television Sena president Akshay Bardarpurkar said: \"We don't want to deprive the audience of a good film. We also want to send a message to the state and reiterate our stand that Marathi movies should not be pulled out like this and given'second-hand' treatment. A government resolution should be passed to this effect.\"Girish Wankhede of Cinemax said they would \"accommodate the Marathi film\".Sources say the advance booking for Ek Tha Tiger has been impressive. Distributor-exhibitor Ramesh Sippy said: \"A producer using political pressure is bad for business unless the film merits it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15486150", "title": "Independence Day: Mob didn't leave even 1857 Martyrs\u2019 Memorial, BMC to now reinstate it", "text": "MUMBAI: The mob that went on the rampage on Saturday didn't leave the Martyrs' Memorial outside Azad Maidan that stood a mute witness to history being ground to the dust. The rioters desecrated the monument built in memory of Syed Hussain and Mangal Gadia\u2014two Indian soldiers who were blown apart by a canon in October 1857 by the British during what is called the first war of independence.The mob damaged the memorial depicting a rifle with a helmet.Mumbai mayor Sunil Prabhu and municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte visited the site on Monday . The civic body is now in the process of reinstating the memorial on an urgent basis. The BMC plans to have a fibre glass casing for the memorial to offer protection and plans to reinstate it by Independence Day.\"Work has already started. The state government should have taken a note of it and issued orders to reinstate it. But instead the BMC has taken the initiative. By desecrating the memorial, it has hurt the sentiments of all Indians and it is shameful,\" Prabhu said.\"If one has to vent anger against the state, the protest should be peaceful. It shouldn't be directed at national symbols. We highly condemn this. The first war of Indian Independence was led by a Muslim Bahadur Shah Zafar, the last Mughal emperor,\" Samajwadi Party leader and corporator Rais Shaik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15486238", "title": "Post-Olympics, UK's 'silly season' begins", "text": "LONDON: Having declared the London Olympics a success after Sunday night's glittering ceremony, Britain's political elite on Monday promptly took off for their annual holiday, marking the beginning of the 'silly season' that extends from August until early September.Both PM David Cameron and his deputy Nick Clegg reportedly left for Spain on Monday morning, leaving foreign secretary William Hague in charge in London. Considered a minor British institution, the 'silly season' is the time when most of Britain seemingly comes to a halt. Most top newsmakers - politicians, bureaucrats and journalists - are on holiday, a period when not much happens and when inconsequential, funny and quirky stories are passed off as news in the British media.But as they packed bags and took off, many must hope that unlike last year, this year their holiday is not rudely interrupted again. In August 2011, the 'silly season' had proved too short-lived as riots broke out in England. During the 'silly season', journalists scour for funny stories to fill pages with - egg fried on hot pavement, cow falling from cliff-top into caravan, no one appearing to be running the country, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15485202", "title": "Task force to look into problems in children\u2019s homes", "text": "KOCHI: To deal with child protection issues in the state in a better manner, the social welfare department has set up a task force to look into the issues that children's homes face in the state. The task force, which has been inspecting various children's homes for the past couple of weeks, will submit a report to the newly formed state-level Integrated Child Protection Society (ICPS).\"We will develop the infrastructure and make necessary changes based on the report of the task force,\" says social welfare department director M S Jaya. This is in the backdrop of the state government setting up a society to coordinate all protection issues under the Integrated Child Protection Scheme. Seventy-three institutions will come under ICPS.More than Rs 100 crore is available to the states under the ICP scheme of the women and child ministry. The scheme targets children in difficult circumstances, especially those in need of care and protection, those in conflict with law and those in contact with law either as victim, witness or due to other circumstances.Several states have been under fire following the increase in number of sexual abuse cases and racketeering of young girls. NGOs have been complaining about insensitive handling of victims during investigation and the legal process. There have also been complaints of security breach and incidents of antisocial elements intruding into the premises of the Government Girls Home at Kakkanad \u2014 home to the victims of Paravoor, Kothamangalam and Varapuzha sex scandals.As part of ICPS, district societies will be set up with the panchayat president and district collector leading the team. \"We hope to strengthen services for emergency outreach, institutional care, family and community-based care and support services,\" says Jaya.\"States can spend the allocated money provided they come up with concrete programmes. The district societies will decentralize the process and help in effective implementation of the scheme,\" says M P Antony, director, Rajagiri Outreach, which is one of the leading agencies involved in Childline services in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484133", "title": "Helmets may be made compulsory in Pune cantonment area", "text": "PUNE: Use of helmets is likely to be made compulsory for two-wheeler riders in the Pune cantonment area from September 1.A press release issued by the defence wing of the Press Information Bureau on Monday said, \"Due to a large number of accidents taking place involving two-wheelers in the Pune cantonment area, authorities are contemplating making helmets compulsory for commuters who stay and transit through the cantonment area.\"The release further said that the Army and police were working out a joint mechanism to enforce the regulation with effect from September 1. \"This is also in accordance with the Motor Vehicle's Act and the Honorable Supreme Court's directions,\" the release stated.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre said he would hold a meeting on Tuesday with the Pune Cantonment Board authorities about the action plan to implement the rule.He said the traffic branch had not received any official proposal regarding the issue. \"We have only received a letter from the cantonment board,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15483546", "title": "Two held for 2-yr-old's murder", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Two people, including a juvenile, were arrested by the Ghaziabad police on Monday for kidnapping and murdering a two-year-old boy on July 23. Police said one of the accused is a commerce graduate and the other a student of class XII.Cops said that the accused kidnapped Yaksh Dikshit on June 23 around 10am and killed him within half an hour. \"Yaksh was kidnapped from in front of his house at Lathmar colony in Vijay Nagar when he was playing outside. \"After he went missing, the victim's father, Sonu Dikshit, who works as a driver, started a search. When the family failed to get any headway from neighbours, family friends and relatives, they registered a missing person report with the Vijay Nagar police station,\" a senior police officer said.\"The two only called the family for ransom 10 days later. We traced the location of the kidnappers after finding the number they had called from registered in the name of people living in the same colony,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15486099", "title": "Apex body wakes up to plight of Coimbatore zoo inmates", "text": "COIMBATORE: The corporation zoo in VOC Park here has come under the Central Zoo Authority's (CZA) scanner. The central authority has sought a detailed report from the corporation on the plight of the zoo inmates. CZA authorities told TOI on Monday that they were awaiting a reply from the zoo officials here.CZA swung into action after a Chennai-based environmentalist filed a complaint regarding the upkeep of the zoo. \"We have asked for a report from the Coimbatore corporation about the condition of the animals and other facilities provided to them. We have given a time of 15 days for them to respond,\" said Dr Brij Kishore Gupta, evaluation and monitoring officer, CZA, New Delhi.CZA had sought for a report on July 30 and the reply is expected to reach them by Tuesday. But as on Monday morning the central body had not received any response from the Coimbatore municipal corporation or the zoo authorities. CZA is also waiting for a response from the corporation authorities regarding the submission of the master plan for the zoo and its proposed relocation to a premise in VOC Park adjacent to Avinashi Road. \"Coimbatore zoo is one of the very few zoos in the country which is yet to submit the Master Plan to us,\" Dr Gupta added.Dr Nanditha Krishna, honorary director, C P Ramaswami Aiyar Foundation, Chennai, had written to CZA regarding the plight of the animals at the zoo and sought the intervention of the central authority. The condition of the animals and the lack of basic hygienic conditions and other anomalies spotted at the zoo was highlighted in a written complaint to the central authority on July 24, who sought a report within a week from the officials here.\"Most of the animals appeared underfed and malnourished at the zoo, which prompted us to write to the central authorities. It is not at all being managed in a proper manner and if the authorities cannot ensure the well-being of the animals then they should hand over the animals to some other facility in the state, like the Vandalur zoo,\" Krishna told TOI.CZA had earlier acted tough with Coimbatore zoo officials and shifted out some animals, including a tiger and a lion, in 2003 to Vandalur zoo in Chennai due to lack of adequate facilities. The central authority guidelines clearly state that the zoo should have a full-time director, veterinary officer, curator for animals, education officer or a biologist, apart from support staff as per the requirement of the zoo. At the moment there is just a full-time director at the zoo. The licence of the zoo, issued by the CZA, will expire in July 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "15484418", "title": "Guru Nanak College for Women students grab top varsity positions", "text": "MODEL TOWN: The results for BSc fashion designing second year, MCom fourth semester, MSc fashion designing fourth semester, and MSc physics second semester, were declared on Monday.Students of Guru Nanak College for Women (GNCW), came out with flying colours in the university exams. For BSc fashion designing second year, Kamalpreet Kaur bagged the second position in Panjab University by securing 83.8% marks. Tishu Dhawan and Ravneet Kaur secured 77% and 76% marks with sixth and seventh positions, respectively. Rajwinder Laddi, Reetika, Manisha and Meghna Verma secured eighth, ninth and tenth positions in the university, respectively.The college secured 100% first divisions with five students getting distinctions in MCom fourth semester. Preet Kamal bagged ninth position in Ludhiana district by securing 78.29% marks.Ankita Jariwal bagged the first position in Panjab University by securing 86.3% marks in MCom. Jasbir Kaur and Harminder Kaur secured 80.8% and 78.6% marks with second and third positions in university, respectively. Harpreet Kaur stood second in Panjab University by securing 79.5% marks in MSc (physics) second semester. Principal Dr Charanjit Mahal, said, \"The stupendous results are a thanks to untiring efforts made by the students and their mentors. I am really proud of the students who have scored well by working hard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484705", "title": "Congress, BJP\u2019s poll rhetoric over Anna party", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indications from Team Anna that the 2013 Delhi assembly polls could very well be the testing ground for a new political party that they may launch has led to much speculation about their motive and prospects. The reactions from the main political players have been on predictable lines. Congress leaders have dubbed Team Anna as a \"frontal organization\" of the BJP while the latter has said that such a development will only strengthen its own plank of corruption against the Congress.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit remarked that whether it was Anna Hazare or Baba Ramdev, their campaigns were not against corruption. \"It is great that Team Anna has announced that they will launch a political party. They have every right to do so. This move truly reveals that they have political ambitions,\" she said. She asked why Team Anna was singling out the Congress and making allegations when there were several instances of corruption against BJP leaders, like former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa.Delhi BJP state president Vijender Gupta, however, said this would only help the main opposition party in Delhi spearhead its campaign against the three-time chief minister, Sheila Dikshit.\"Team Anna has been raising issues of corruption and price rise among others. Their voice will only supplement our efforts to mobilize voters against the corruption in the Congress,\" he added.He said the new party won't threaten the BJP. \"Team Anna's focus is the government and, hence, their campaign will break the Congress vote-banks. Even if they do some damage to the BJP's traditional middle class vote-bank, the damage to the Congress vote-bank will favour the BJP,\" Gupta said.The state BJP is still riding high on its victory in the MCD polls where its consistent campaign against corruption in the Delhi government was seen as one of the reasons for the Congress losing all three Corporations to the BJP.Team Anna was, however, quite cautious in reacting. Manish Sisodia, who was recently on fast at Jantar Mantar, said while the contours of this political alternative were still being drawn, it will definitely not have a high command like the Congress or the BJP.\"Also there will be no ticket distribution to select candidates. Instead, a mechanism will be evolved to go out to the electorate in each constituency and ask them to give names of eligible citizens. People will decide who should contest the polls,\" Sisodia said.Reacting to what the main political parties had said about the proposal to float a new party, Sisodia said, \"For all those who say that they knew we had political motives from the beginning, I only have one thing to say - it would be better if they focused on finding answers to questions more critical to the well-being of the country like why we have not been able to deal with poverty and why no law is in place to deal with the corrupt?\"\"Most of our volunteers, at a meeting on Saturday, said that the proposed political alternative must contest the Delhi assembly polls in 2013. But then there will be many more meetings in the days ahead where a final decision will be taken,\" he added.\"It's premature to discuss the probable candidates or impact. We are working on the mechanism for selection of candidates and our political agenda for the state polls and the strategy will be laid before the public by October 2,\" said Kiran Bedi, another Team Anna member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484689", "title": "Will Dada\u2019s Aug 15 speech be political?", "text": "NEW DELHI: After his \"political\" speech following his oath, President Pranab Mukherjee's first Independence Day address is being keenly awaited as it is felt that he might outline his views about governance and challenges before the country besides offering his vision of India.The address on the eve of India's 66th Independence Day will be closely analysed for any clues it may offer of the nature of Mukherjee's presidency.Although the President's role is largely ceremonial, Mukherjee has been a quintessential politician and may choose to highlight concerns of the government he was a part of less than a month ago.After taking oath on July 25 Mukherjee spoke about poverty and how the trickle-down effect was not working to alleviate suffering of the poor. \"For our development to be real, the poorest of our land must feel that they are part of the narrative of rising India,\" he said.\"There is no humiliation more abusive than hunger. Trickle-down theories do not address the legitimate aspirations of the poor,\" he said.Mukherjee spoke in detail about corruption and was harsh in condemning terrorism which he referred to as the \"fourth world war\".Similarly, he used the occasion of Raksha Bandhan \u2014 a Hindu festival that symbolizes the bond between brother and sister \u2014 to speak about empowerment of women.A brief press release on Monday regarding his interaction with newly- inducted forest officers says that he dwelled on how forest laws were devolved to the states in the 1930s when a constitutional mechanism began to evolve in India.The President's Independence Day address is traditionally not cleared by the Union Cabinet giving the incumbent an opportunity to expound a vision that can be a comment on the government and issues and also a guidance of sorts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15485595", "title": "Granite lorry rams into school bus", "text": "CHENNAI: In yet another accident involving school children, a granite-laden tipper lorry rammed into a school bus from behind at Manimangalam near Tambaram on Monday morning, injuring two students.Police said Pavithra, 6, and Tamizhselvan, 9, sustained minor injuries and were rushed to a hospital.Police said it was a narrow escape for the children of Periyar Nursery Primary School as the granite-laden lorry hit the bus from behind. The bus had stopped to pick up children at Malaipet and hence an attendant and parents were present at the time when the accident took place.An irate mob pelted stones at the lorry. They smashed the windscreen and nearly set the lorry ablaze. Police soon arrived at the spot and pacified the mob. Police have launched a manhunt for the lorry driver, Raghuvaran, who is now absconding.Traffic in and around the area was blocked for nearly 45 minutes as the mob refused to leave the area and civic workers took time to clean up the road as it was strewn with glass pieces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15485598", "title": "Woman dragged into car in Kolkata and gang-raped", "text": "KOLKATA: A 26-year-old woman on her way home from work was forced into a car in Chetla \u2014 one of the city's best-known residential localities \u2014 blindfolded, and raped by at least two persons on Saturday evening. She was brought back in the wee hours of Sunday and dumped on the slope of Chetla bridge, yards away from a police picket.This is the latest in a string of rapes to have shocked the city, starting with the gangrape of a woman in a car on Park Street on February 5.The area in Chetla from where the woman was kidnapped on Saturday is crowded all day. She was waylaid at 7.10pm, when there would be hundreds on the road.The victim has told police she was attacked near the gates of a multi-storied building near Chetla bridge. Two men grabbed her and bundled her into a car before she even realized what was happening. They blindfolded and gagged her and drove for around 30 minutes. She was then taken into a house, where she was stripped and raped by at least by two of her abductors after removing her blindfold.Police sources said that during the rape, the goons kept threatening that her 10-year-old daughter, too, would be raped if she went to the police.\"After the rape, around 3am, she was allowed to wear her clothes. She was once more blindfolded and taken into the car, groaning in pain. At 3.40am, she was dumped on the western slope of Chetla bridge in a semi-conscious state. She somehow managed to go back to her house. On Sunday, she mustered enough courage to lodge a complaint against 10 unknown people at Charu Market police station,\" said joint commissioner (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh.Among those named by the victim is a local tough named Chheno. Though she said Chheno was not among her abductors or rapists, she suspects him of hatching the plot to rape her. Chheno was arrested. She said the hoodlums stalked her and harassed her almost every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15484912", "title": "Workshop on filmmaking kicks off", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A five-day workshop on filmmaking began with a discussion on history of cinema at Lajpat Bhawan here. Sudarshan Juyal and Asheesh Panday, alumni of FTII and NSD, are here to talk about the art and craft of filmmaking with the city's aspiring filmmakers.In the coming four days they will be discussing screenplay, camera, sound, editing and basics of animation. Discussions on various films will also be held with aspiring filmmakers.Juyal has been in the field of filmmaking, direction and cinematography for the last 20 years. He is also the founder member of a television network and one of the first few to venture into private television networks. Asheesh Pandya is a well known sound recordist and editor with 20 years of experience. He has worked in several overseas projects and has won numerous awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484717", "title": "Secret audit reveals DRDO irregularities", "text": "NEW DELHI: A confidential internal audit ordered by the defence ministry has found several financial and other irregularities in the functioning of the Defence Research and Development Organization (DRDO), which has a network of 50 labs and an annual budget of over Rs 10,500 crore.This comes a day after TOI reported that none of the main recommendations \u2014 first by the Rama Rao Committee in 2008 and then a watered-down version by a committee headed by the defence secretary in 2010 \u2014 has been implemented to revamp DRDO to ensure that advanced weapon systems are developed for the armed forces without huge time and cost overruns.The fresh internal audit, conducted by the finance wing of the defence ministry, has raised serious questions about the lack of transparency in DRDO's functioning, including the alleged sanctioning of Rs 2.80 crore by DRDO chief V K Saraswat to a mathematical society headed by him.DRDO spokesman Ravi Gupta, on being contacted, said the issues raised in the report were \"essentially in the nature of preliminary observations\" and the audit itself was \"vitiated by a faulty process\". \"None of the points raised in the audit report stands scrutiny... We are giving a point-wise rebuttal to the baseless conclusions,\" he said.The audit report also pointed out that DRDO was splitting sanctions for its projects to avoid seeking approvals from \"competent financial authorities\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15486536", "title": "Makeshift jail ready but Baba Ramdev gives it a miss", "text": "NEW DELHI: All preparations had been made at the makeshift jail at Rajiv Gandhi Stadium in Bawana for Baba Ramdev and his procession on Monday. However, the yoga guru didn't turn up at the spot.A 12ft x 12ft air-conditioned room furnished with a bed, a couch, a weighing machine and a small office area had been readied for Ramdev. As per the original plan, Ramdev was to be taken to the stadium by the police. However, after he courted arrest around 2.45pm, his supporters jumped into buses en route to the stadium . Till around 4.30pm, Baba was still at Delhi Gate. He was later housed at Ambedkar Stadium instead.While Ramdev and most of his supporters finally settled at the stadium, around 150 followers reached Bawana in three buses. And they didn't seem disheartened by the fact that Baba would not be joining them. \"We know that he is not coming but that doesn't weaken our resolve,\" said Narsimha from Bangalore.Another supporter, Anil Singh, said, \"We are trying our best to go back. If cops don't give us permission, we'll spend the night here and join Baba tomorrow, no matter where he is.\"(With inputs from Prerna Sodhi and Sonali Sharma)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15486539", "title": "When anti-national Muslims held Mumbai to ransom, bullets turned into chocolates: Shiv Sena", "text": "The Shiv Sena mouthpiece, Saamna, has slammed the Congress-led DF government for \"bowing\" before the \"anti-national\" Muslims who went on the rampage in south Mumbai. In its editorial on Monday, Saamna described the violence as a \"grand rehearsal\" of the infamous 26/11 attack on Mumbai.\"While 26/11 happened all of a sudden, Saturday's violence happened right under the nose of the city police. Those who held south Mumbai to ransom are not just miscreants, they are anti-national Muslims. However, it is unfortunate that the police did nothing to control the crisis,\" said Saamna.Sena chief Bal Thackeray is the editor of Saamna. \"The office of the police commissioner is barley 100 steps away from the place where the Muslim youths went on the rampage. They took away weapons from policemen, molested women, assaulted innocent citizens and torched public vehicles. Yet the police did nothing. There bullets turned into chocolates,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15484830", "title": "From drought to deluge, monsoon shines on Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: Even as Rajasthan seeks an over Rs 7000 crore drought package from the Centre, the rain gods continue to shower relief in the southern and eastern parts of the state including the state capital Jaipur. Normal life and vehicular traffic was affected following the showers that started since the wee hours on Monday.Jaipurities woke up to overcast conditions followed by mild to moderate rains that lasted till 5.30pm, the city receiving 26.6mm rain till evening. The traffic situation was also chaotic in the city till late in the evening. Met office said that Jaipur will continue to get light to moderate rain in the next 24 hours.Meanwhile, cops were searching for man presumed swept away in a drain in Susheelpura.Incessant rains however created havoc in some districts including Banswara, Chittorgarh, Kota and Jhalawar. Kushalgarh(Banswara) town witnessed the highest rainfall in the state, receiving 33cm of rain, which is probably the highest in the past 55 years.Banswara was amongst the worst hit with dams getting inundated and as many as eight houses collapsed. According to the Jaipur met office, Banswara received 29cm rain on Monday. The heavy rain led to Banswara being cut off when at least two bridges were damaged. The administration had to release water from Sukhania dam by opening its 10 gates as it was overflowing. Surrounding areas were submerged leading to closure of Dungarpur-Basnwara Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15484053", "title": "Ragging case: Cops tell students to call off protest or face penal action", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bandra government railway police (GRP) on Monday held a meeting with final-year students of L S Raheja School of Art in Bandra (W) and warned them of penal action if they did not call off their protest. The students have been boycotting lectures to protest against the suspension of five of their batchmates for ragging 11 juniors, including five girls, aboard a local on July 26. An ex-student was also involved in the ragging.\"The ragging victims may feel intimidated after watching the protesting students on the campus and may not turn up at the railway police station to record their statements. On Monday, we explained the legal ramifications of the protest to final-year students and told them that they could be booked under provisions of the Indian Penal Code for unlawful assembly if they did not call off their protest. The meeting was not open to teachers and the principal,\" said senior inspector V Dhopavkar of Bandra GRP. \"We later learnt that nearly 38% of the students started attending lectures.\"The GRP has started recording the statements of the ragging victims. \"Statements of six students were taken down on Monday and the rest will be recorded over the week. Thanks to the police, final-year students have gone back to the class. We had decided to write to the parents of the protesting students on this issue,\" said principal Sridhar Badekar.The GRP has learnt that the ex-student involved in the ragging case is now studying at JJ School of Art. \"We have spoken to his parents and written to JJ School authorities, informing them about his involvement in the case. The institute may take suitable action against him,\" Dhopavkar added.JJ School authorities said they were yet to receive any intimation from the Bandra GRP. \"The student has attended school once since his admission. We have not yet decided anything,\" said Vishwanath Sable, the dean of the institute.Meanwhile, LS Raheja College has sought protection from the Bandra police, saying some political workers might vandalize the institute to gain mileage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15485430", "title": "Mysoreans drive down to party in Bangalore", "text": "MYSORE: For party animals, 150km is no big deal. Mysoreans are now partying in Bangalore, after a series of raids on city nightclubs left the party scene dry. Revellers drive down for their weekend blast, just to escape any brush with the law. Until now, Mysore weekend parties were happening events, and many Bangaloreans drove to party here. Foreign tourists were also part of this nightlife.There are four nightclubs in Mysore, but the lights have gone out in these joints as there are no events happening here. Only three have dance floors. The fear of raids forced one owner to convert his nightclub into a sports bar. A club owner who preferred not to reveal his name said: \"It is never easy to host a party in Mysore. We have to deal with issues with different sections of society if we want to run our nightclubs without any hassles,\" he says.Recently, DJ Nikhil Chinappa played in Mysore, so did Bangalore-based DJ Rohit Barker. The crowd depends on which DJ plays.The deadline for parties is 11pm, said Mysore City police commissioner KL Sudheer. \"As per the Karnataka Police Act, no discotheque is allowed to run. If anyone wants host a DJ night or live music performances, they had to obtain a licence from the authorities. We won't allow any entertainment-related activities which affects public peace and harmony,\" he said.Engineering student Umraz Ahmed has partied thrice in Bangalore in the past one month. \"If there is a party, there is no crowd and there are restrictions on dancing too, so I've decided to party in Bangalore. I've heard that most of the Mysore clubs don't posses discotheque licences, so it's better to stay away,\" he says.DJ Kaleem Pasha, resident DJ of The Road nightclub, said: \"If this continues, we'll have to look for other jobs. Some DJs are already doing other things.\"MANGALORE EFFECTThe recent Mangalore mayhem is also fresh in the memories of the people, and is likely to ensure that the party scene continues to be dry. Ashitha G, who works with a private company says, \"The way students were beaten up makes me think twice before entering clubs\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15485338", "title": "Gondia teacher to get Ahilyabai Holkar award", "text": "GONDIA: In recognition of her work, which aims at strengthening the unity of the country, the state government will bestow Ahilyabai Holkar award(2008-09) on Manjushree Deshpande on August 15. The award will be bestowed upon her by food and civil supplies minister, Anil Deshmukh in Gondia.Manjushree, a teacher, had been tying rakhi on students from strife torn Assam and Mizoram since last 12 years. She has set an example for the rest of the country in taking up the cause of the students and providing them with education and care.She runs one of the branches of Shubham Karoti Dyan Mandal in Mumbai. These institutions were set up by Vishwa Hindu Parishad to provide education and care for the students from strife torn NE. Seventeen such students had been studying her branch for past 12 years. Most of the students who had been in her branch have passed out and secured jobs now only five of them remain.Talking to TOI she said that she used to celebrate all the festivals with these children so that they didn't feel left out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15487783", "title": "Suneil Shetty\u2019s little girl eyes a film career", "text": "It's been only four months since she returned from New York , armed with a degree in filmmaking and liberal arts. And already, Suneil Shetty's 18-year-old daughter Athiya has been approached by several filmmakers to play the lead in their films. The good news is parents Suneil and Mana have no reservations about their daughter's choice of career. Rather, they are said to be going all out to help Athiya chart her future course.A source close to the family told us, \"Athiya always wanted to settle in Mumbai. Her US stint was only meant to learn the ropes of filmmaking. It is always better to understand the nuances behind the scenes before facing the camera. Suneil and Mana are very supportive parents. They have no issues about their daughter's plans. They have always allowed her to make her own decisions.\"The source added, \"Suneil and Mana want the best for their daughter. They will leave no stone unturned in guiding her forward.\"The latest being Athiya is looking to sign up with Reshma Shetty , business manager of Salman Khan and Sanjay Dutt , for professional help in her film career. Apparently, dad Suneil is quite impressed with Reshma's managerial skills, given the way Salman's career has skyrocketed after he sought out her services.Both Suneil and Reshma remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15486160", "title": "British ruling coalition will end before 2015: Poll", "text": "LONDON: Only one in six voters believes the Conservative-Liberal Democratic coalition government will survive until the 2015 elections, with the proportion expecting a collapse within two years almost doubling in just two weeks, a Guardian/ICM poll showed on Monday.The coalition, formed in 2010, has endured a rough year confronted with a shrinking economy and growing disagreements over policies such as the agreement to reform the House of Lords and Britain's relationship with the rest of Europe.The findings came after conservative Prime Minister David Cameron and his Liberal Democrat deputy Nick Clegg held a Downing Street dinner on Friday amid mounting tensions about the health of the coalition.Cameron and Clegg insist their parties will see their term through in order to complete what they came together for-slash a budget deficit that was around 160 billion pounds, more than 11% of GDP, when the 2010 elections were held.With Britain in the midst of a double dip recession and the Bank of England forecasting zero GDP growth this year, the Lib Dems are considering a rethink on chancellor George Osborne's militant deficit reduction programme.Most commentators say the parties would do best to stay together and hope the economy improves enough by 2015 to claim their policies are responsible. ICM Research interviewed a sample of 2,021 adults aged 18-plus online on 8 to 9 August 2012.On Sunday, a YouGov survey put Labour's support on 42%, with the Conservatives on 34% and Lib Dems on 8%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15483423", "title": "Drugged IIT-Bombay victim \u2018sure\u2019 that she was not raped", "text": "MUMBAI: A 28-year-old female researcher who was found sedated in the Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay staff quarters on Saturday refused to undergo physical examination to determine sexual assault. The Powai police, though, convinced her to register a complaint on Monday and arrested a 57-year-old institute staffer for allegedly sedating and misbehaving with her.The victim, a dual degree student pursuing an MSc and a PhD in physics, has chosen not to inform her Andhra Pradesh-based family about the incident. \"She does not want to put her mother, a single parent, through stress ,\" said U A Yajnik, dean of students' affairs at IIT-B. He added that the victim told IIT authorities she was confident that she had not been sexually assaulted.S V Rajan, who works in the Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering office, has been booked under Indian Penal Code's sections 328 for causing hurt by means of poison , 342 for wrongful confinement, 354 for outraging modesty, and 366 for kidnapping, abducting or inducing a woman to compel. He was produced before Andheri court on Monday and remanded in police custody till August 22. IIT-B has suspended him till further inquiry.The police managed to convince the victim to lodge an FIR during a counselling session at Rajawadi Hospital where she was admitted, said senior inspector Bajirao Bhosale.The victim and the accused used to play badminton together. In her complaint, the victim said, \"Rajan used to meet me at the badminton court and invite me to his residence for coffee. To avoid him, I didn't visit the court between August 7 and 9. I even informed my colleagues about this. When Rajan did not see me for three days, he approached me on August 10 in the lab where I was engaged in research work.\"On Saturday, Rajan met the victim at the badminton court around 9.15am. She said he forced her to accompany him to his residence for coffee and to meet his wife. When the victim saw that his wife was missing , Rajan said she had gone to a temple and would return shortly. \"He offered her coffee and snack; she soon began to feel drowsy. The accused gave her a tablet but her condition worsened,\" a police officer said.She managed to call up her fiance in Hyderabad and give him sketchy information about her condition, the officer said. He, in turn, got in touch with her colleagues. \"Around 11.15am, they located Rajan, who denied knowing her whereabouts. Later security guards and the victim's colleagues forced him to take them to his house. The victim was found in an unconscious state on his bed. She was rushed to the IIT hospital, wherefrom she was shifted to a government hospital as it turned out to be a criminal matter.\"The victim kept slipping in and out of consciousness till Sunday evening. \"Somehow she agreed to lodge an FIR, but said she would end her life if forced to do a physical test. We are waiting for the chemical analysis of the drugs used. We are also getting details on whether the accused had committed a similar offence in the past,\" the officer said.Yajnik said by Monday evening, the victim was transferred back to the campus hospital. \"She was in a good mood in the evening.\"Rajawadi Hospital medical superintendent Dr S S Poyekar said the patient was put on intravenous fluids to flush out the sedatives. A doctor said, \"She did not have any external injuries for sure.\"(With inputs by Hemali Chhapia and Yogita Rao)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15485696", "title": "BBMP to discuss road widening with villa residents", "text": "BANGALORE: The BBMP has decided to discuss ECC Road widening issue with the residents of Sunflower Villas, Whitefield.On Saturday, a mob had descended on the area, pulled down compound walls of two villas and also dug up pits in front of them. Villa residents complained to Mahadevapuara police who intervened and stopped work. The residents alleged that the mob was mobilized from neighbouring Pattandur Agrahara village and vested interests were behind the act.On Monday morning, BBMP joint commissioner (Mahadevapura zone) SN Gangadharaiah visited the spot and spoke to villa residents and villagers. He told TOI that the residents have agreed to discuss what would be the best option for them. He said he has convened a meeting with the residents on Friday.\"The engineer involved in the project told me that the residents had earlier consented for widening. They demanded for land acquisition process instead of TDR which we offered. I told them that compensation through land acquisition would not fetch them even 50% of prevailing market rates and in the TDR process, their gains would be equivalent to market prices,\" said Gangadharaiah.The major works department at the BBMP head office is widening the ECC Road on either side by 80 feet and for a stretch of 200 metres. However, the Ecumenical Christian Centre (ECC) which is on the other side of the road had moved the court and obtained injunction order against the widening. This has resulted in the BBMP taking up widening only on one side of the road.The villa residents also clarified that they are not against development of the area, but then the ECC Road had to be widened from end to end and not just 200 metres as had been proposed to facilitate some builders for the latter's upcoming projects.Cops promise protectionVilla residents met T Suneel Kumar, additional commissioner of police (law and order), on Monday evening. Kumar assured the residents of police protection. \"We have assured them protection until the issue is resolved with the BBMP. We have suggested that they attend the meeting convened by the BBMP on Friday. Until they want to leave that place, no one can remove them or cause any damage to their property,\" Suneel Kumar told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15485154", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation has no plans to test Gorewada water", "text": "NAGPUR: It's shocking. Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) does not have any plans to even test the quality of water in Gorewada lake, despite accepting that huge quantity of sewage is flowing into this drinking water reservoir for the city. Corporator Jagdish Gwalbanshi had bared the lack of sewers in some areas, which is leading to discharge of sewage into Gorewada.Asked if NMC's water works department plans any tests, chairman of water works committee Sudhakar Kohle told TOI that there were no such plans. \"The issue does not seem too serious presently. But testing of water should be done to know if there is any impact on water in the lake. I will take the initiative to test the water immediately if officials are not interested,\" he said.Executive engineer of water works department Shashikant Hastak did not pick up calls despite many attempts.A corporator said on condition of anonymity that the department should had gone for immediate testing of water quality. \"Drinking water is supplied to over 70% of the city from Gorewada lake. Officials should take the issue very seriously. Gwalbanshi has been raising the alarm since long. Even mayor Anil Sole and other office bearers visited the spot from where sewage water is flowing into Khadak nullah, which joins Gorewada lake. It is very shocking to see officials of water works department not taking the sensitive issue seriously,\" he said.In fact, the sewage water would not have entered the lake if the civic body had taken preventive measures when the issue was raised the first time. Gwalbanshi had first spoken about this in a meeting of the general body in 1997. \"I pointed out that houses being constructed in the areas along Khadak nullah did not have proper sewage lines. There was a threat of sewage flowing into the nullah and the lake,\" he said.A senior NMC official told TOI that it is testing the water quality every month. \"Physicochemical test should be carried out immediately. The test gives actual knowledge about the water appearance, odour, turbidity-level, hardness and high-level of chloride, ammonia and nitrate, if any, which are harmful,\" he said.Even the team of NMC and NIT engineers that was to be formed to inspect the area on Monday is not in place yet. The team was to prepare detailed project report and commence works to correct the problem. Gwalbanshi confirmed no such team visited the area on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "gautampura/ mhow", "code": "15485863", "title": "Gautampura sets example in communal harmony", "text": "GAUTAMPURA/ MHOW: Observing rozas in the holy month of Ramzaan , Muslim brethrens, in a display of communal harmony prepared a tableau of Lord Shiva for Shahi Sawari (procession) in Gautampura town, about 57 km from Indore on Monday. About 4,000 persons from Gautampura and adjoining villages took part in the procession.Jameel, son of Gauri Khan, 35, and a resident of Gautampura main market, is the person behind making of this tableau. He also prepares tableaux for Ganesha Chaturthi, Navratri and Ramnawmi.Posing for a photograph with the Lord Shiva tableau prepared by him, Jameel told TOI that he felt proud when his Hindu friends admired his art and gave him a chance to prepare the item of the most attraction in any religious function. He said he observed Rozas on all the days of the holy month of Ramzan and he started preparing this tableau on the tenth Roza. About cooperation from his family in this work, he said his father Gauri, the owner of a tent house in Gautampura, also encouraged him for such works and the brothers and sisters also help him in making them. \"Allah has taught us the best lesson of humanity and I'm practicing the same in such works,\" Jameel said. He is preparing tableaux and other such religious items since his childhood days in Navratri, Ganesha Chaturthi and other festivals of Hindu faith, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15485524", "title": "Food and drug administration closes three flour mills in Ponda", "text": "PANAJI: The food and drug administration (FDA) has closed down three flour mills in Ponda for operating under unhygienic conditions.FDA director Salim Veljee said the mills had wet walls and dirty floors. The mills themselves had not been cleaned for quite a while, he said.Veljee said a drive will be conducted against other such mills operating in the state. He said the aim was to bring the mills to a particular level of sanitation.The FDA has also raided a major supermarket in Candolim for selling expired goods. A distributor in Merces was also raided in this connection.Veljee said it has come to the FDA's notice that many supermarkets are offering customers discounts on products that are near expiry or expired.He urged people to complain to the FDA if they come across retailers doing this. Complaints can be lodged online dfda.goa.gov.in or by contacting the FDA office on 2430948.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15485894", "title": "Army commander to visit troops in Belgaum today", "text": "BELGAUM: Army commander lieutenant general AK Singh will visit Maratha Light Infantry Regimental Centre here on Tuesday.He will review the ongoing Indo-Mongolian joint training exercise at MLIRC and will interact with both the troops. MLIRC Commander Brigadier Santosh Kurup will receive the army commander at Samra airport at 9.45am.A platoon of Indo-Mongolian joint training is going on from August 6 and will conclude on August 18. The training aims to modernize Mongolian defence establishment, train their defence personnel for serving in the UN peacekeeping force in conflict areas and enhance inter operability between the two armies while carrying out counter insurgency/counter terrorism operation during peacekeeping operations under UN mandates. This also enhances defence cooperation, understanding and synergy between the two armies and rekindles the centuries old relationship between the two nations. The training code-named as 'Nomadic Elephant 2012'.There are 38 personnel from Mongolian army and 44 specially selected personnel Jat regiment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15484344", "title": "Good spell brings 585 mcm of water into dams", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Good rains in the state have brought water to the major and minor irrigation dams in the state. Barring Saurashtra and Kutch, dams in other parts of the state saw some fresh inflows.Officials said there were considerable water inflows into dams of north, central and southern parts of the state. The 47 dams in north, central and south Gujarat received 587.28 million cubic metres (mcm). However, with no rain in Kutch and Saurashtra, the region's dams have registered a 1.82mcm decrease in water. According to data released by the irrigation department, 202 irrigation dams in the state are holding water at 55.77% of total storage capacity. This was nearly 404.37mcm less than last year.The four dams in Dahod and Kheda, Machchhanala, Umaria, Wanakbori and Kali-II, are overflowing. Of 202 dams, only 13 dams hold 70% of their capacity. Irrigation officials said dams in North Gujarat, South Gujarat and Kutch saw increased water levels from Sunday. The 17 dams in North Gujarat saw an increase of 10mcm of water, while 17 dams in central Gujarat dams registered an increase of 469.09mcm.However, water in dams in North Gujarat, Saurashtra and Kutch had less water as compared to last year. Officials said Saurashtra had 1,488mcm less than last year. Major dams like Ukai and Kadana too had good inflows. While Ukai had received 1.43 lakh cusecs, there was Kadana got 2.90 lakh cusecs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15485565", "title": "Economic reforms need an urgency of purpose, RBI governor says", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Implementing economic reforms with sincerity and urgency of purpose is essential to return to the high growth trajectory, said Reserve Bank of India governor D Subba Rao here on Monday.Delivering a lecture on 'India in a globalising world - some policy dilemmas', organized by the state planning board, he said despite the global economic crisis, India would not slip to a situation similar to the one in 1991 because of many reasons, including the country's strong Forex reserves, a resilient financial market and the strong service sector.Subba Rao said the deficiency in rainfall was one of the cyclical reasons that add to inflation. Kerala has been affected the most as rainfall deficiency in the state is much more than that of the rest of the country. While deficiency was only 20% in rest of the country, it was 40% in Kerala, he said.He said external sector management was one of the major dilemmas the country faced. \"We have a large current account deficit, and we are not getting enough external finance to match it,\" he said. One of the reasons for the current account deficits was the decrease in exports and increased and costlier imports. Despite the crises, there was high import of oil and gold, however.\"No matter what the global price is, our oil prices are insulated with subsidies. The import of gold last year was worth $65 billion. This was partly because gold is considered secure as far as returns are concerned,\" he said. Pointing out that capital control was a contentious issue, Subba Rao said even the International Monetary Fund (IMF), which had been advising not to intervene in capital flows, had changed its views after the recession of 2008-09. \"Even the IMF admitted that emerging economies should intervene in capital market,\" he said.He said the country had a high revenue/fiscal deficit, and largely relied on raising taxes to contain it. It was not exploring the route of compressing expenditure to contain deficit. \"You are cutting productive expenditure and it is quintessentially a political issue because democracies tend to keep their electoral base intact,\" he said. \"We should support investment sentiments, attend to infrastructure bottlenecks, ensure fiscal consolidation, raise skill levels and manage the challenges of federalism to revive the India growth story,\" Subba Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15485337", "title": "121 localities getting polluted drinking water: Nagpur Municipal Corporation report", "text": "NAGPUR: Tests conducted by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation's health department on 821 water samples show that drinking water in 121 localities were unfit for consumption.The city has reported a slight deterioration in quality of water in July this year, confirmed a senior NMC health officer. Of the 821 samples checked here, 121 were found unfit for consumption. In June, the department had collected 701 water samples and detected 83 contaminated. In May, of the 825 samples, 42 were found polluted. Similarly of 282 samples collected in April, 44 were found adulterated.Tajbagh, Gulmohar Nagar, Shyam Nagar, Navin Nagar, Minimata Nagar, Sangharsh Nagar, Chandbari, Dipti Signal, Pandhrabodi, Deotale Nagar, Sudam Nagari, Hanuman Nagar, Dhammadip Nagar, Nari, Samta Nagar, Kapil Nagar, Gittikhadan, Gondpura are among the localities where residents are getting contaminated water into their taps.The worst affected are the residents of Lakadganj zone, Nehru Nagar zone, Gandhibagh zone and Aashi Nagar zone. Even the Dharampeth zone, where the civic body had introduced 24X7 water project, has also not been spared.In fact, residents of Deotale, which comes under Dharampeth zone, where the pilot project of 24X7 water supply scheme has been implemented, have been getting contaminated water for last eight days.A resident of the locality and secretary of Jansamasya Nivaran Sangharsh Samiti N L Sawarkar said that the water was so dirty that big particles of contaminants were visible. \"This water is a health hazard as it contains harmful microorganisms. This happens in every rainy season. Last year, the residents had submitted a sample to mayor Archana Dehankar. More samples were given to water works officials but no action was taken. The same is happening this year,\" he said.NMC health officer Dr Shyam Shende has appealed to citizens to consume only boiled water. He also advised citizens to use bleaching powder in wells as during rainy season well water is more prone to pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15483532", "title": "Jigna Vora is back home, but \u2018depressed\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Cops rushed to scribe Jigna Vora's flat in Ghatkopar (east) after wild rumours on Monday morning. Jigna, an accused in the J Dey murder case, was released on bail on Saturday after being in jail for almost eight-and-a-half months.Additional commissioner of police (east region) Quaiser Khalid confirmed to TOI that rumours were unfounded.Senior Pant Nagar police officials visited her parent's flat on the second floor at Savita Building on Tilak Road and confirmed that she was fine.However, seeing the men in uniform at her door just two days after being released from jail on bail, Jigna was taken aback and reportedly went into depression. Her grandfather Tulsidas Sanghvi requested the media to leave the family alone saying it was still in a state of shock due to the developments.Vora's cousin Paresh Vora told TOI, \"My sister is a strong girl. We knew she was framed and has done nothing wrong. Time will speak for her,\" adding, \"She is in good health and is ready to fight back. But the policemen at her doorstep on Monday left her in shock and depressed. The family has decided to be by her side as she is under depression. We know that she is innocent,\" he said.He said the court has barred Jigna from giving interviews to the media, cautioned her against tampering with any evidence or leaving the jurisdiction of the Mumbai Commissionerate.Jigna was granted bail on July 27 on a cash surety of Rs 1 lakh and a personal surety. However, her release from jail was delayed as the formalities related to the personal surety were to be completed. According to the rules, the solvency certificate has to be issued by the collector after checking the credentials of the personal surety.Satish Karnik, the superintendent of the Byculla Women's Prison said, \"The formalities were completed by Friday evening and hence Jigna Vora was released from jail on Saturday morning.\"Under the conditions of her bail, Jigna will have to report to the Crime Branch twice a month and will have to submit her passport to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15484321", "title": "Back to work, Uddhav Thackeray hits out at Cong", "text": "MUMBAI: At his first public appearance after undergoing an angioplasty, Shiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray called on Hindus \"to unite to overthrow the UPA's misrule\".Uddhav said, \"We don't intend to target any community. But let us not forget that members of the minority community displayed their unity on the south Mumbai streets last Saturday.\" \"Our Hindutva goes hand in hand with nationalism. India needs to be saved from Congress and its corrupt ministers. The UPA failed to guarantee security to citizens. \" Uddhav added.He was addressing Sena workers at a meeting the 52nd anniversary meeting of Maarmik, Bal Thackeray's political cartoon weekly. Uddhav looked fine and spoke with rigour. \"The DF government should step down and call for polls,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "15485106", "title": "Father falters in identifying body", "text": "PANCHKULA: Shocked after the demise of son Anup Rawat, his father faltered in recognizing his body at Panchkula Sector 6 General Hospital . And his family even cremated the body --- which was actually Anup's friend Sandeep Verma's, after it was handed over to it following a post-mortem on Monday.The error came to the light after another body was found late in the afternoon and Sandeep's parents were called to take it home. On seeing it, they said it was not his. As both the friends had a similar physique, Anup's family was contacted who recognized it as his. An inconsolable Pardeep, Sandeep's brother, said, \"We could not even cremate him.\"His relative Jagdish Prasad said, \"We could not even see him for the last time.\" Anup's cousin Sunny said the family did not know that it had cremated Sandeep. \"Now, we will perform the last rites of Anup on Tuesday.\"Investigating officer Paramjeet Singh said Anup's father had wrongly identified the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15486454", "title": "Panchayat vice-president alleges MGREGA fraud", "text": "TRICHY: A woman vice-president of a village panchayat in Srirangam constituency whose power to sign cheques had been withdrawn, made a representation to the district collector here on Monday. J Pattu, vice-president of the panchayat had pointed out irregularities in the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) in the Uthamarseeli village panchayat in Trichy district. She had held Geetha Kalaichezhian, the president and T Rajagopal the clerk of the panchayat for the irregularities. But no action was taken even after a group of people led by her, submitted a petition to chief minister J Jayalalithaa during her visit to Thiruvanaikaval, Trichy in February this year.However on August 1 this year, the irregularities were confirmed during a surprise inspection conducted by Selvaraj, PA to the district collector of the village. As per record, as many as 163 workers should have been involved in the desilting of a tank. But on the contrary, 51 workers were unlawfully deputed to some other work undertaken by a contractor in the same village. But they were still paid money under the MGNREGS. When the matter was reported to district collector Jayashree Muralidharan, an order was issued to withdraw the power of both the president and vice-president to sign cheques.\"Geetha Kalaicheizhian and the clerk Rajagopal indulged in the irregularities for a long time. But the district administration unnecessarily punished my mother. The officials deliberately did this to protect Rajagopal,\" J Jeeva, son of J Pattu told TOI. Hence Pattu along with a few other villagers submitted a petition to the district collector on Monday to revoke the order.\"Action can be taken against both of them only as per rule. Meanwhile Geetha has assured to repay the amount and we will revoke the order in a couple of weeks. However, clerk Rajagopal never indulged in any wrongdoing,\" M Imam Jaffar, block development officer of Anthanallur union said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15483784", "title": "80 detained during Sangh-backed bandh", "text": "RANCHI: With Eid around the corner, a daylong bandh on Monday caused inconvenience to Muslims who are fasting these days. Virtually no fruits shop was open and stores stocking other daily necessities also remained shut through out the day. The main road, where several sweets' shops and special confectioners are situated, wore a deserted look. Even roadside vendors, which sell items for iftar, were not visible.Ranchi SP (city) Vipul Shukla said 80 pro-bandh activists were arrested from different places as a preventive measure. \"No untoward incident has been reported so far,\" he added.Over 500 activists of the Bajrang Dal, Viswa Hindu Parisad (VHP) and other organizations were detained from across the city while they were trying to enforce the bandh, claimed a VHP leader. Jharkhand general secretary of the VHP Ganga Yadav said the bandh was unparalleled. \"The bandh was called on genuine issues and the shopkeepers have voluntarily supported the cause,\" Yadav said while claiming that the shutdown was equally effective in urban and rural areas. \"The situation was like being thirsty amid a sea,\" said Sheikh Ali, a businessman at Albert Ekka Chowk.Called jointly by the Bajrang Dal and the VHP and supported by the Rastriya Swayamsevak Sangh, Hindu Jagran Manch, Mahavir Mandal and other organizations, the bandh was in response to a violent clash between two groups over a minor issue. A group had taken out a rally and all of a sudden the crowd started ransacking shops at Albert Ekka Chowk. The rally was taken out to protest against the alleged \"genocide\" of Muslims in Myanmar recently.Ranchi police had made an elaborate security arrangement to avert any untoward incident. Rallies were taken out from Ratu Road, Doranda, Lalpur Chowk and other places in support of the bandh. \"All the agitators were taken into custody to prevent any clash,\" said Kotwali DSP Surendra Singh Pal. Situation, however, turned a little ugly in Kantatoli when the anti-bandh activists thrashed a group of bandh supporters, prompting them to indulge in violence and damaging a few vehicles at Namkum. The situation was brought under control by police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15485111", "title": "'Report action on plea against Team Anna'", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Monday asked Delhi Police to file an action-taken report on a plea for lodging an FIR against the NGO India Against Corruption (IAC) and three of its members - Arvind Kejriwal , Manish Sisodia and Gopal Rai- for making \"baseless\" and \"defamatory\" allegations against President Pranab Mukherjee .Metropolitan magistrate Ambika Singh asked police to submit the report on the complaint of one Rajiv Khosla by September 3. Khosla had alleged that Kejriwal made abusive and frivolous allegations against Mukherjee during the recent IAC demonstration in support of the Janlokpal Bill here.Referring to media reports, Khosla said, when Mukherjee was sworn in Kejriwal made an \"open statement\" against his integrity. \"It is pertinent to mention here that the said statement made by one of the IAC members was not an end itself but an initiation of baseless, abusive, defamatory, mala fide and frivolous allegations against the President.\"He said during the demonstration he found that IAC members distributed pamphlets in which the charges of corruption were leveled against the President and he was alleged to be an enemy of Janlokpal Bill. Khosla said he filed a complaint against them at the Parliament Street police station on July 27 but no FIR has been lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15485259", "title": "As cops turn cold, woman seeks CM's help to rescue sis-in-law", "text": "NAGPUR: Chhaya Choudhari, in her thirties, has been running from pillar to post for almost a year now urging city police to rescue her sister-in-law from the clutches of inter-state human traffickers. With no substantial action being taken by the city cops, she has now sought chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and his deputy Ajit Pawar's help in the case.Chhaya has been fighting a lone battle to bring back her sister-in-law, a widow, who may have been sold off to a family in Kota, Rajasthan. Chhaya has been shuttling between Hudkeshwar and Sakkardara police stations for the last nine months before her complaint of abduction was registered in June earlier this year, that too following an intervention from the CM's office. A letter from the CM's office had told the city cops to take action in the case after receiving a letter from Chhaya.After the offence was registered, Hudkeshwar police squads made a few trips to Madhya Pradesh accompanied by Chhaya. Some suspects were rounded up from Ujjain and adjoining places.However, Hudkeshwar police abruptly discontinued its investigations after a probe revealed the Chhaya's sister-in-law, who is also suffering from a terminal illness, was shifted to Rajasthan from Madhya Pradesh after changing several hands.Since then despite repeated reminders, Hudkeshwar police has remained nonchalant projecting some or the other pressing issues. Chhaya, who earns meager amount by selling sarees, was also asked to arrange for a vehicle to travel to Rajasthan from Nagpur. As if this was not enough, Chhaya was asked to file a RTI application to seek a copy of FIR which is usually provided to a complainant free of cost.With no one to help, Chhaya has once again written to the CM seeking his intervention. \"I am being repeatedly told that the officer concerned was busy, he never takes my call. It's been almost a year since my sister-in-law was abducted but the police are least interested in rescuing her and nailing the culprits,\" Chhaya complained.Deputy commissioner of police, Zone-IV, Chandra Kishor Meena could not be contacted despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15485385", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation wasting thousands of litres of water daily", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as large parts of the city face water shortage in rainy season, thousands of litres of water are being wasted every day due to sheer apathy of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) officials and junior staffers. One will be shocked to know that tankers, which are filled up in the morning, discharge the water on the footpaths in the evening if they do not go on call that day. Even more shocking is the fact that some NMC officials admit this fact and offer lame excuses for this criminal wastage.At some places, water is flowing out on the drains or on the road. Perhaps the biggest wastage is near Loha Pul, Sitabuldi. Two to three litres are flowing out on the road every minute and locals say that it has been going on since years.N L Sawarkar of Jansamasya Nivaran Sangharsh Samiti said NMC has claimed that 24X7 project would stop wastage of water. However, the officials were not bothered about wastage that was visible to everybody. \"We had identified seven spots where pipelines had leakages. At three locations - in front of University, Gandhi Nagar NMC school and Law College Square - repair work was done last week because of our initiative. However, the complaints of individual citizens were ignored for months.\"At Laxmi Nagar overhead tank hose pipes and hydrants are used to fill up the tankers. Tankers overflow for minutes and water keeps flowing from hydrants as the NMC staffers are busy gossiping. Nearby residents say that many times tanker drivers empty their tanks in the evening if they do not get a call during the day.Subhashchandra Jaideo, Laxmi Nagar zone officer, said that he had reprimanded the valve operators for wasting water. \"I guess I will have to be more strict with them.\" On tanker drivers emptying their tanks, he said that it was possible that this happened on holidays.Laxmi Nagar zone chairman Gopal Bohre said that he too had seen water being wasted and had pulled up the officials last week. \"They have sought eight days' time to install a state-of-the-art valve, which would close down automatically once the tanker is filled up.\"Congress corporator from Jaitala, Praful Gudadhe said that on one hand his ward was not getting water and NMC officials were wasting water.Laxmi Nagar tank is not the only place where such wastage is taking place. TOI had earlier witnessed such wastage at Sugat Nagar, Wanjari Nagar and Mhalgi Nagar tanks. These are only a few examples. The situation is more or less the same everywhere, sources in NMC said. \"Many times the inlet of the tanker is not aligned and water from the hydrant falls on the tanker wall too.\"TOI found criminal wastage of water at three placesLaxmi Nagar zone office tank: A tanker (MH-24/A3529) was overflowing and water was flowing into a ditch up 100 feet from the tanker. This continued for five to six minutes before the hose pipe was removed. NMC has dug the ditch as an outlet for the 'waste water'. A hydrant was not closed and locals were filling up their buckets.Sitabuldi Loha Pul: For last many years, large quantity of water flows out of hole over the footpath and then towards the railway underbridge. A bucket of water is wasted every two to three minutes. Some eatery owners use this water.Behind NIT office, Kasturba Layout, Ambazari: Water has been flowing into a drain for eight months. A resident Ajay Jichkar had complained many times, but in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15486558", "title": "Two injured as drunk call taxi driver goes on rampage, held", "text": "CHENNAI: Two people were injured and more than 10 vehicles damaged when a call taxi driver lost control of his vehicle in Velachery on Sunday night. Police have arrested the driver, 40-year-old Gunasekaran.Police said Gunasekaran, a resident of Balaji Nagar in Velachery, was drunk while driving his car back home. His vehicle hit two motorbikes, two autorickshaws and three cycles parked on the roadside. Two injured motorists \u2014 Krishamoorthy and Appu \u2014 were taken to a private hospital. Doctors said their condition was stable.A few youths present at the spot chased the taxi and caught hold of Gunasekaran near Velachery Bypass. He was handed over to police. Guindy traffic investigation police registered a case. He has been remanded in judicial custody after being produced before a court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15484568", "title": "24-year-old killed in road accident", "text": "NASHIK: Akash Hujband (24) was killed in a road accident near Datta Petrol Pump on Lam Road on August 9. Ambadas Gavande of Shigve Bahula, Nashik, was riding a bike and in an attempt to overtake a truck, he collided against another bike coming from the opposite direction. The bike rider, Sharad Pawar, was seriously injured, while Akash Hujband , who was riding pillion succumbed to his injuries in hospital.Car, two bikes stolen: A car belonging to Ramesh Bhalerao was stolen from College Road area on August 6. Yogesh Golesir's Hero Honda and another motorcycle were stolen on August 1 and August 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15485800", "title": "Madhya Pradesh records 13% excess rains", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh has had sufficient rains this season with 13% excess recorded so far. The normal rainfall till the end of August second week is 590 mm while the state has received 660 mm till date. Harda district in the southern part of the state received the maximum rainfall this season with 1200 mm, a surplus that is 94% above normal. Forty persons have died due to the heavy showers this season.Only five districts remain rain deficient. Twenty districts recorded superfluous rainfall, 25 district normal showers. The five districts that got below average rains this monsoon are Sagar with minus 24%, Umaria minus 35%, Barwani recording minus 32%, Dhar received minus 21% and Balaghat (a district that usually records the highest rainfall figures) minus 25%.\"There is no need to panic in these districts as yet,'' said meteorological department director D P Dubey. \"A low pressure area that built over the Bay of Bengal last week is rapidly passing over the Indore-Ujjain division of the state. The system is on its way to Gujarat, but will leave behind heavy rainfall in Indore, Ujjain, Dhar and Barwani. We have predicted heavy showers in these areas over the next 24 hours.\"Met department officials explained that the initial system in the low-pressure has already moved to Jhabua and parts of Gujarat. Over the past 24 hours, Jhabua received 200 mm rainfall. Three rivers and tributaries in the district --Annas, Pampavati and Padmavati--are flowing above danger level. Some tribal villages in the district are underwater while cattle and livestock have been washed away. No casualties have been reported from the district so far.Ratlam received 60mm, Sidhi 40 mm, Jabalpur Pachmarhi, Rajgarh, Satna and Chhattarpur got 20 mm each over the past 24 hours. Mandsaur, Indore, Gwalior, Tikamgarh and Datia districts received one cm showers each since Sunday evening. A house collapse in Dabra in Gwalior district on Monday severely injured seven members of a family, including 5 children. They are undergoing treatment at the district hospital.Though the monsoon clouds seem to be weakening in the most parts of Madhya Pradesh, it might still be a while before it is back to sunny days. Dubey claimed that yet another low-pressure system is building over the Bay of Bengal and the state might receive another bout of heavy rainfall this season. \"Don't expect much sunshine so soon. More rains are likely,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484744", "title": "Geetika was frustrated, Kanda says in bail plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: Geetika Sharma, the former MDLR Airlines airhostess who killed herself on August 5, was \"hypersensitive\" and unable to \"strike a balance between her personal life and work ethics\", according to absconding Sirsa MLA Gopal Goyal Kanda, who is accused of driving her to suicide.In his anticipatory bail plea filed before the Delhi high court, which is likely to hear it on Tuesday, Kanda also claims Geetika's suicide was an act of \"an unsound mind and of a frustrated individual\".Seeking to distance himself from Geetika's death, the former Haryana minister claims: \"There is nothing in the FIR (first information report) or in the suicide note that the applicant (Kanda) ever goaded, urged, prompted, incited or encouraged the deceased to commit suicide\".About Geetika's suicide note, he says its reading makes it clear that: \"the deceased was victim of her own inability to deal with normal wear and tear of life and ordinary petulance, tensions and ups and downs of one's existence\".Kanda, who owned the now-defunct MDLR Airlines, denied the allegation of abetment leveled against him and said there is no evidence to establish that he had directly provoked Geetika to commit suicide. \"There is neither any allegation nor any mental process on instigation or initial aiding on the part of the applicant (Kanda) towards doing of a thing, namely committing suicide. The active role, which can be described as instigation or aiding, is the essential ingredient of the offence of abetment for commission of suicide under section 306 of IPC,\" Kanda said. He also argued suicide notes are inadmissible under section 10 of the Indian Evidence Act as they do not constitute a dying declaration .Claiming that he is a respectable citizen, Kanda said there is no likelihood of his absconding or delaying the trial of the case. \"He is willing and undertakes to abide with all conditions imposed by the HC while granting bail. He is ready to join investigation, as and when required by the investigating agency,\" the bail plea further says.Senior advocate KTS Tulsi , appearing for Kanda, mentioned the matter in the morning before a division bench of Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Justice Vipin Sanghi and told the court that the anticipatory bail plea would be filed.Kanda's anticipatory bail plea was dismissed on August 9 by a sessions court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15485702", "title": "Voter ID cards dumped in drain", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A bunch of voter identity cards were found dumped in a drain near Salia Sahi slum here on Monday, casting aspersion on the effective delivery of the cards to people. Recovery of the voter ID cards prompted government officials to verify their authenticity. While locals managed to retrieve only around 155 ID cards, many others were washed away by the drain. Some of the retrieved ID cards were beyond recognition.\"We have seized the ID cards and are trying to verify whether or not those were original. We have also sought the cooperation of the Election Commission experts to scan the holograms and facsimile signature of the electoral registration officer. Most of the cards were issued in 2007 and 2008,\" Bhubaneswar sub-collector Saroj Samal told TOI.Mild tension prevailed in the area soon after the ID cards, packed inside a polythene carry bag, were found floating in the drain. On seeing this, locals took an umbrage at the government for failing to streamline the delivery system of voter ID cards.\"Many people in our locality have not been provided with ID cards even though the process of collecting essential documents, including photographs was completed in 2007. We were shocked to find voter ID cards floating in the drain,\" said Anjan Nath, secretary of Khyudra Byabasai Mahasangha, a local traders' outfit. \"Some of the Salia Sahi residents took out their cards from the drain while the rest were handed over to the probing authorities,\" Nath said. As against the population of around 85,000, at present around 32,000 voters reside in shanties in Salia Sahi slum.It could be sabotage attempt by some political leaders to scuttle the voting rights of locals to settle scores with their rival parties, another local said. During the General Elections in 2009, few fake Id card rackets were busted by police. The hologram of the Election Commission of India and facsimile signatures of electoral registration officers were found to be forged in the bogus IDs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15485232", "title": "Higher education regulation bill runs into TMC hurdle", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Accreditation Regulatory Authority for Higher Educational Institutions Bill has been withdrawn, thanks to the invocation of federal principle by Trinamool Congress .The decision is going to be rejoiced by educational entrepreneurs who have been opposing most of the higher education reform bills proposed by the Centre as it stresses on transparency and accountability. Since 2009, not a single of the slew of reform bills have been passed by Parliament. For instance, Educational Tribunal Bill, after being passed by Lok Sabha, is held up in Rajya Sabha, where opposition came from within the ruling Congress.The Bill was also opposed on the ground that what it proposes to achieve is being done by the University Grants Commission. Even a fine of Rs 5 lakh to accreditation agencies for violating the provision and jail term of three months to individuals obstructing the work of accreditation agency is being opposed by UPA allies.Sources said the Bill would again be discussed by the ministry. The ministry dismissed claims that the accreditation Bill violates the principle.\"The Bill has been framed under Entry 66 of the Central list that clearly states coordination and determination of standards in higher education or research and scientific and technical institutions would vest with the Centre. Even law ministry approved the Bill,\" a source said. Sources said another Bill that prohibits unfair practices by in the field is likely to get stalled similarly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15485868", "title": "Three killed in road accidents", "text": "INDORE: Barely two days after two students were killed in road accident, three more persons, including two brothers, were killed in road accidents on Monday morning in two separate incidents in different parts of the city. In the first accident, two brothers Vishan and Kishan, both in their thirties, sons of Diwaji Baghel were killed when a bus collided head-on with their motor-bike at Betma here on Monday morning.Betma police in-charge D S Baghel told that they were residents of Vaishali village in Dewas district. They were working at a poultry farm in Machal. Baghel told that the impact of the accident was so severe that both brothers were killed on the spot. The accident took place at around 6 am when they were going from Machal over their motor-bike (MP09JS5815) when a bus MP09 FA4938 coming from Indore hit them and they died immediately.When the police reached the spot, both of them were already dead. Police sent their bodies to local hospital for autopsy. The in-charge also informed that police have impounded the bus and also arrested driver Amzad.In another accident, Durgashankar Mishra, 61, son of Baliprasad Mishra, killed when a dumper hit his motor bike at Sanwer Road. He was the resident of Sukhalia. According to the police, Durgashankar was going to his shop at Sanwer road when the dumper hit him. He was rushed to a local hospital where he breathed his last at around 10 am.The police sent the body to MY Hospital for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15486056", "title": "Mumbai violence: London-returned preacher, scrap dealer main organizers", "text": "A host of Sunni groups have come under sharp criticism from community leaders for collaborating with a fringe organization which took lead in organizing Saturday's protest rally at Azad Maidan. Madinat-ul-Ilm (House of Knowledge), a little-known socio-religious outfit which is not even registered and runs from a rented room at Kurla, had secured police permission for the protest meeting which turned violent.Founded by Maulana Ahmad Raza, a Kurla-based preacher who originally hails from Purnia district in Bihar, and Rizwan Khan, a scrap dealer from Ghatkopar, Madinat-ul-Ilm runs classes for English speaking, deeniyat (basic knowledge about Islam) and occasionally holds social awareness programmes . It had no experience of organizing public demonstrations or protest rallies before it decided to call for a march to Azad Maidan. Raza and Khan took help of several other Sunni organizations like Raza Academy, Sunni Jamiatul Ulema, Sunni Tablighi Jamaat and Sunni Tanzeem-e-Imam in mobilizing the crowd.\"It was the duty of Raza Academy and other Sunni organizations which helped Madinat-ul-Ilm to seek police permission to ensure that they had enough volunteers at the venue,\" said Shia scholar Maulana Zaheer Abbas Rizvi. Rizvi said that when a group of boys began torching OB vans and attacking police, the organizers should have come out and tried to stop them. \"They were issuing appeals to remain peaceful from the dais, but why didn't they personally come down and intervene?\" asked Rizvi.Raza, who came to Mumbai in 1998 from Bihar, studied at a madrassa in Kural before he went to England and worked as an imam at a mosque in south London. Six months ago he returned and floated Madinat-ul-Ilm at Kurla. He admitted that he had never organized a big rally and felt helpless when he saw a section turning violent.Raza Academy, the Sunni advocacy group which actively helped Raza and Khan in mobilizing the crowd, has ample experience of holding protest rallies. But this time even they failed to estimate the number of the crowd and they didn't have enough volunteers to pacify the enraged section of protesters . In fatc on August 3, Raza Academy had carried out a similar protest rally at Minara Masjid on Mohammad Ali Road. But Raza Academy general secretary Muhammed Saeed Noori denied that Saturday's protest was organized by them. \"We had only backed them (Madinat-ul-Ilm ),\" he said.Many cite examples of the mammoth rally at the same Azad Maidan called by All India Muslim Personal Law Board where more than a lakh attended and the huge demonstration a few years ago, again at Azad Maidan, against Danish cartoons of the Prophet. Both demonstrations were peaceful . \"It has come to us as a lesson on preparations a demonstration needs. Not everyone should be allowed to take lead and call for a march,\" said Maulana Moin Ashraf Qadri, who had led the prayer for peace at the rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15485978", "title": "Water released from Kadana, villages on alert", "text": "VADODARA: Villages on the banks of Mahi river in Vadodara district have been put on an alert after water was released from Kadana dam in Panchmahal. One lakh cusecs of water is being released from the dam in the wake of inflow of water in Mahi from Anas river.Six gates of the dam have been opened partially to maintain the level of water which had been rising consistently due to the recent rainfall. Sources said heavy rainfall in Dahod had led to increase in the level of Anas river that meets Mahi.Vadodara district flood control room officials said villages located on the banks of Mahi in Savli, Padra and Vadodara rural areas have been put on an alert. As many as 49 villages in these taluka are located on the banks of the river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15483360", "title": "19 families homeless after two buildings brought down in Navsari", "text": "SURAT: Nineteen families in Navsari were left homeless after their three-storey residential building, which had tilted on Sunday afternoon, was brought down by civic authorities on Monday.Pillars on the ground floor of the building, Raj Mahal Apartment's A-wing had caved in due to suspected cavity created while repairing of drainage system. The B-wing of the building near Sayaji Library area is also being brought down.Officers at the spot informed that the trench dug up to repairing the drainage line was not covered properly which resulted in the problem. A rescue operation was carried out in the damaged B-wing by Navsari Nagarpalika and a team of Surat Municipal Corporation ( SMC).The A-wing, which had tilted, was standing with the support of the adjoining building. After demolition of A-wing, it was found that the B-wing was also damaged badly and required to be brought down. The authorities are working on removal of debris of the A-wing.So far, 10 families in the A-wing and nine from the B-wing have lost their houses.\"We are working on demolition of the B-wing and it too will be brought down to avoid damage to adjoining buildings. It is a threat to life of residents in the area. We are assessing damage to the neighbouring buildings too,\" said Harshad Patel, chief officer, Navsari Nagarpalika.The rescued residents have been provided shelter at Prajapati Ashram while few have gone to stay with their relatives.The local administration has arranged food and water for the rescued families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "gulbarga", "code": "15485778", "title": "School and college under threat after student's death", "text": "GULBARGA: The teachers and the administration of a school where a student died in Gulbarga on Friday are living under constant fear. The teachers who allegedly hit the student, Mohammed Bilaal, are not venturing out to the city and are confined to hostel premises due to perceived threat from Bilaal's relatives.When Times of India visited the school, mathematics and Kannada teachers were locked inside the hostel. Ten policemen were posted at the premises after the school sought protection for its teachers and property.Basavaraj Biradar, Kannada teacher, told The Times of India that there is no corporal punishment in the school and that he never hit Bilaal. He said there were special classes for students who fare badly, but children were never punished. \"Bilaal was physically very weak and was also an average student,\" he said.\"Bilaal's father Mainuddhin appreciated me and told me his son has got good marks in mathematics in ninth class when he came to pay school fees for class 10th,\" said mathematics teacher Sharanukumar Dande. \"I don't know why they are accusing us now,\" he said.On Monday, some miscreants pelted stones at a van belonging to another group institution, Shri Guru Independent PU College.College principal A Y Naik said the van was picking students from Haft Gunmbaz in Gulbarga where it was attacked. Four students were injured and they were treated at Basaveshwara Hospital. Naik said the college has registered a complaint and that additional superintendant of police Chandrashekhar told him to close the college for a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15483564", "title": "Iron folic acid supplementation to be launched again", "text": "GUWAHATI: A Weekly Iron Folic Acid Supplementation (WIFS) programme would be organised under a special scheme of the Centre for which a team comprising members of the departments of social welfare, health &amp; family welfare and education from the state has been sent to Delhi for a two-day training, starting Monday.It may be mentioned that in May this year, a similar programme was launched by the department of secondary education along with the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) and Unicef for adolescent girls, but after consuming the iron folic acid (IFA) tablets, many students complained of dizziness and vomiting, though the tablets were not contaminated.It was said that the problem arose because the students were given the tablets on empty stomach, so this time a special technical team has been formed which has given recommendations on how to administer the folic acid tablets to the children.Indranoshi Das, a senior NHRM official, said, \"The focus group would adolescents from Classes VI-XII and it would comprise both boys and girls.\"In order to ensure that the IFA tablets are administered properly, a technical team has been formed which would give recommendations on what steps to follow while conducting the healthcare programme.\"The committee has made recommendations on the dosage, the composition and requirement of additional nutrition for consuming the IFA tablets. The recommendations have been forwarded to the government of India and after we get their approval, we would confirm the date for giving the supplement to the public,\" Das said.Adolescent boys and girls, both schoolgoing and out-of-school children, would be included in the programme. \"Unlike the previous programme which was only for adolescent girls, this time we are targeting both boys and girls in the adolescent group and though the date has not been fixed yet, the programme will be organized soon,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15485939", "title": "Job exchange centres transform into HRD hubs", "text": "BANGALORE: A hub for unemployed youth in the 80s and 90s, the now-defunct government employment exchange is set to sow seeds of a revolution in the state's employment market.In a desperate bid to shed its image as a non-functional recruitment cell, the Karnataka government is gearing to transform exchange centres into Human Resource Development (HRD) hubs that offer not just employment but assessment, counselling, apprenticeships and training for unemployed youths.\"We are planning to set up HRD centres in all 30 districts of the state in the next couple of years. The idea behind the expansion is to convert employment exchanges to employability centres,'' said labour minister BN Bacche Gowda.Karnataka Vocational Training and Skill Development Corporation has taken the lead in remodelling these employment exchanges, following the success of the first three experiments under public-private partnership (PPP). Employment exchange centres have had a dismal track record, having placed a few thousand job seekers in about a decade or so.In the first phase, HRD centres have been set up in 10 districts -- Mangalore, Kolar, Udupi, Gulbarga, Mandya, Chamarajnagar, Hubli, Bijapur, Bellary, and two centres in Bangalore. Three other centres will come up within two or three months in Chitradurga, Bagalkot and Raichur. \"With seven more private firms approaching the government to start similar initiatives, Karnataka hopes to provide a minimum of 4.5 lakh guaranteed jobs every month to unemployed youth,'' Gowda said.N Sriraman, IAS, commissioner of the directorate of employment and training said: \"The problem in the state is not unemployment but matching capability with aspiration. Our endeavour is to bring them (exchanges) on par with private recruitment firms. With this PPP, we want to bring employers and employees on the same platform and accordingly, cater to the manpower requirements of the organized and unorganized corporate sectors.''In July 2010, the first PPP employment exchange was set up as the Karnataka Employment Centre, which ran pilot projects in two districts -- Bijapur and Mangalore, after Bangalore-based staffing company TeamLease approached the Karnataka government with a proposal. In two years, TeamLease claimed it was able to place more than 50,000 candidates.Manish Sabarwal, chairman, TeamLease Service, said: \"The private sector alone cannot solve the problem of providing employment and training, which is also the case with the government. So more HRD centres will be a welcome change.\"How it works* The new exchanges can be tapped by anyone from a school dropout to a postgraduate* Placements are free, but candidates are charged a subsidized fee for training* Government pays the private firm a monthly fee", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15486947", "title": "Black marks on state recruiter", "text": "CHENNAI: This is the second time in less than a year that the Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission (TNPSC) is caught in an exam scam. The written test for Group II posts held on Sunday were cancelled following a question paper leak.TNPSC was rocked by a selection scam in October 2011 when vigilance officials, while raiding the houses of then TNPSC chairman R Sellamuthu and 13 members of the commission, stumbled on evidence raising suspicion about malpractices in the Group I exams held earlier.The Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-corruption (DVAC) officials found during the raid many unsigned selection lists of Group I candidates from the commission members' residences. The lists carried pencil and pen marks against some registration numbers. Other documents seized included photocopies of some answer sheets and several diary jottings.After the raids, the vigilance department proposed to probe all the TNPSC selections that took place between 2006 and 2011. However, the agency could not proceed further in the case after the Supreme Court stayed all proceedings.The issue surfaced in June 2011, just before the Group I results were released. A report sent by TNPSC member secretary T Udhayachandran to the chief secretary charged the commission members with forcing him to provide them in advance copies of the selection list. When he refused to part with the selection list, Sellamuthu sent circulars to the commission staff to bypass the secretary and deal with the members directly, the report said. As the employees are directly appointed by the commission, they toed the line of commission members. On suspicion, when Udhayachandran ordered his staff to produce some original answer sheets of some 'selected' candidates for verification, they ignored him. Based on Udhayachandran's report the government ordered a DVAC probe.Asked as to what action was taken against the candidates who had benefited from the suspected malpractice, the present chairman of TNPSC, R Nataraj, said, \"We did not get any communication from the DVAC about their investigation. We had to release the results when court ordered us to do so\" .Criminals have often made good use of defects in the administration of justice.A jurist said, \"There is an inherent defect in the system. At times police cook up evidence to strengthen their case. Or otherwise, witnesses turn hostile. It is also possible that witnesses suffer loss of memory when cases drag on for long in courts. In all such instances, the outcome is detrimental for the prosecution when it comes to trial.\"The cleaning exercise should start with the appointment of right candidates as members of TNPSC, said a retired official. He said, \"Many TNPSC members were appointed in the past owing to their loyalty to some political leaders or for other considerations. The amount of wealth they accumulated during their tenure raises a lot of doubts about their integrity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15485445", "title": "Biogas waste plants on government office premises soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city corporation is zeroing in on vacant government office premises at Pattom to set up biogas plants after the residents associations had complained of space restraints. As a first step, the corporation will kick start the programme with the installation of a new biogas plant at the Government Model Girls Higher Secondary School at Pattom on Tuesday.Subsequently, biogas plants will come up at traffic police stations and public service commission office premises. \"We are also planning a plant at Medical College junction and on the premises of one more office at Pattom which is currently owned by the corporation. Managing the waste had been a major issue here and it got worsened as many of the houses lacked enough space to accommodate a biogas plant,\" said Pattom councilor K Murukesan.Once the plants are installed on the selected office premises, trained Kudumbasree workers will be employed to collect the waste on a daily basis from the neighbouring households. They will also be entrusted with the responsibility of the maintenance of the biogas plants. The corporation will hold talks with the residents associations to fix the wages to be paid to the Kudumbasree workers.The project is being implemented with the cooperation of the Kerala Sustainable Urban Development Programme ( KSUDP). The plant to be installed at the Pattom school will have a capacity to process 150kg of waste every day. \"The capacities of other plants to be installed in the coming days will be fixed in accordance with the requirement of residents.With the plants becoming fully functional, the local residents will be self-reliant in terms of waste management. In addition to this small quantities of waste generated from various offices can also be processed,\" said a corporation official. The corporation will carry out the scheme at a cost of Rs 25-30 lakh. \"Depending on the capacities, there will be slight variations in the amount required for the installation. We are planning a mega-capacity plant at Medical College junction which can be used by neighbouring hotels as well. All they have to do is to fix a decent amount which has to be paid on a monthly basis to the Kudumbasree workers,\" the official added. The installation of bio-gas plant at Pattom will be inaugurated by mayor K Chandrika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484806", "title": "'Geetika was bound to see Kanda daily'", "text": "NEW DELHI: As former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda continued to evade police for the ninth straight day on Monday, investigators raised sharp questions about his role in his former employee Geetika Sharma's suicide, citing an unusual clause in her service contract.Sources said Geetika may have been exploited by Kanda \u2014 main accused in the suicide case \u2014 and his associates in 'every possible way' with promises of a bright career. Geetika's appointment letter, they said, required her to report to Kanda, the MDLR Group managing director, 'every evening'.On Monday, the public prosecutor told court: \"In January 2011, Geetika joined the company as a director without having any shareholding... and one of the service conditions in her appointment letter was that she was to report to the MD everyday in the evening hours.\"Police sources said this might be a pointer to the nature of Geetika's 'harassment', a point she did not explain in her suicide note.\"This may prove that he was utilizing the clause to harass her. Otherwise, he would have had no business to meet Geetika every evening,\" said a source. Police have claimed that MDLR Group manager Aruna Chaddha was equally responsible for Geetika's suicide.It has also come to light that Geetika \u2014 described in Kanda's anticipatory bail plea as someone \"unable to strike a balance between her personal life and work ethics\" \u2014 was heading two of his companies, Sundale and AKG Infra. \"We have recovered the records of MDLR Group's Sundale Educational Society, of which Geetika was president and Chaddha secretary. In AKG Infrabuild Society, Geetika was appointed vice-president while Chaddha was director. We are trying to find out why Kanda was showering such favours on 23-year-old Geetika,\" said a senior police officer.The two companies, though, were doing practically no business. Geetika's family claimed she wanted to quit as she felt cheated in these appointments. Police will seek documents pertaining to these companies from the registrar of societies and confront Chaddha and Kanda with them. \"We believe Geetika's laptop has many more shocking details and, as we recover more, we will be able to develop a clearer picture,\" the source added.Police have also written to the ministry of external affairs to ascertain the authenticity of emails, purportedly sent by Dubai authorities and the Consulate General of India, regarding extradition proceedings against Geetika in Dubai.TOI on Monday accessed the remand paper submitted by police to seek Chaddha's custody for identifying places where Geetika allegedly underwent abortions. Police have also said the nature of Geetika's harassment cannot be detailed in an open court keeping in mind the feelings of the victim's family. Her postmortem report, too, is said to contain some shocking facts.However, Geetika's family on Monday told TOI they were not aware of her being harassed physically. \"At least in the last two months, my mother used to accompany Geetika from college, which is located on Lodhi Road. My mother works with the finance ministry at Khan Market, so we are sure that she did not meet Kanda in the last two months. The only harassment we know of is threat calls and text messages from Aruna Chaddha and Gopal Kanda,\" said Geetika's brother Ankit.As Kanda moved Delhi high court for anticipatory bail on Monday, and Chaddha was remanded to three more days of police custody by the Rohini court, police said the MLA was buying time to destroy every piece of evidence \u2014 computers and hard disks have been reported missing from the MDLR office.However, his counsel Kapil Sankhla said the MLA will appear in court on Tuesday and was ready to join investigations if there was no imminent threat of arrest.A source said police now plan to detain Kanda's close relatives to build pressure on him to surrender.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484059", "title": "Water cut in Pune scaled down", "text": "PUNE: The 20% water cut the city has had to face in the past few months would be scaled down to 10% from Tuesday because of improved water storage in the reservoirs of the four dams supplying water to the city. The storage is now 72%. The decision to reduce the water cut was taken by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Monday.Sources in the water supply department said, \"The civic body has decided to make adequate water available as the catchment areas of Khadakwasla. Panshet, Varasgaon and Temghar dams received good rains. The city will get additional 100 MLD water.\"The sources said that the 20% water cut was introduced in the city from March 1 due to reduced water storage in the dams. Usually the city requires 1,250 MLD water, which was reduced by 200 MLD per day. Now an increase of 100 MLD per day will take it to 1,150 MLD per day.Most city areas have been getting water only once a day since March. No decision on two-time water supply has been taken, sources said. Only a partial withdrawal has been granted for the time being. \"The officials expect water storage in the four dams to reach its maximum capacity by August-end. If it happens water cut will be withdrawn completely. Right now, it will be only scaled down,\" they said.The four dams have nearly 72% water with total water availability at 21.10 TMC on Monday.When contacted V G Kulkarni, chief of the water supply department confirmed the development, but refused to comment.The catchement areas have witnessed good rainfall in August compared to June and July, resulting in an increase in water level in the dams. The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has predicted showers in coming days. \"Light rain would occur during next couple of days\", according to the daily weather report of IMD on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "15485134", "title": "Gorkhaland Territorial Administration takes stock of financial crisis", "text": "DARJEELING: The Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) is worried about its finances and is scouting every opportunity to gather funds for development projects.GTA chief executive Bimal Gurung on Monday met the heads of various departments under GTA to discuss the financial crunch.\"I have directed the secretaries who were running the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council (DGHC) to submit a report on the fund situation. I have also sought a department-wise report from the heads of the GTA Sabha on various projects that need to be taken up and the existing fund available with us,\" said Gurung.\"The central government package of Rs 200 crore may take some time to arrive,\" said GTA executive member Roshan Giri, who heads the education department.Tourism has been given utmost priority since it is the mainstay of the region and had taken a beating during the four years of agitation. \"We will be giving priority to tourism where a lot needs to be done. We will make an inventory of tourism assets to generate revenue for the Hills,\" said Saumitra Mohan, the GTA chief principal secretary and Darjeeling district magistrate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15485055", "title": "Guards \u2018advise\u2019, collect forms at university", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In what has turned into a mockery of the admission process at Panjab University, the security guards were seen collecting admission forms on Monday and \"counselling students.\" At University School of Open Learning (USOL), students had a hard time depositing their forms, as the department officials, deputed by the chairperson to collect these, were missing from the counter in the afternoon.Students, who were seeking admission to first year of graduate courses, were zapped when they were 'advised' to buy a hard copy of the prospectus by the security guard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15485209", "title": "MLC's anticipatory bail plea rejected", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Monday rejected the anticipatory bail petition of JD (U) MLC from Muzaffarpur, Dinesh Prasad Singh, in a case of murder which took place in 2001.A single bench of Patna high court, presided by Justice Dinesh Singh, passed the order rejecting the anticipatory bail with an observation that the petitioner may move bail petition before the court concerned at Muzaffarpur.The MLC had moved the high court with a plea that a magisterial court in Muzaffarpur had in 2006 accepted the final form submitted by the police stating that he was not guilty. But after a gap of six years in 2012, the magistrate's court took cognizance of the case against him on the basis of complainant's protest petition. In his protest petition, the complainant had opposed the police's move in submitting final form before the court exonerating the petitioner of the murder charge.Appointment of teachers in PU: A division bench comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh on Monday directed Patna University and the state government to give reply to a writ petition seeking clearing of the backlog of scheduled castes (SCs) and scheduled tribes (STs) quota in appointment of teachers in Patna University.Petitioner Budh Sharan submitted that the backlog of reserved seats for SCs and STs continued for more that two decades. He sought filling up of all the backlog of SCs and STs quota.Syndicate elections: The same bench on Monday directed the B N Mandal University (BNMU) to give a reply to a writ petition seeking holding of elections of its syndicate. The judges added that the university should reply why election of the university syndicate could not be held on time.Petitioner Sachchidanand submitted that the process for holding elections of the Syndicate had started but it was suddenly stopped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15486328", "title": "Postcards passe, Facebook posts in for tourists", "text": "LONDON: People prefer to use Facebook messages for staying in touch with their loved ones back home rather than using traditional modes of communication like postcards, a new research has found. According to the study, the rise of the smartphones means holidaymakers can tweet or text about their fun in the sun rather than putting pen to paper, with many dismissing postcards as 'too slow'.The research showed that just one in six holidaymakers now send postcards to friends and family when they go abroad. Nearly half of the 2,000 people surveyed said they had never sent a postcard rather preferring to text, call or use Facebook to keep in touch with home, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The figure increases to more than half of young people aged under 24, many of whom take their social life abroad with them by posting envy-inducing photos of their adventures online for their friends back home.Many holidaymakers choose to keep in regular touch with home, with others continuing to use the internet to check the news as well as maps and guidebooks. Over all 46% of those surveyed admitted to keeping in constant touch with friends and family at home when they go abroad.According to the study, sending text messages is the biggest cause of the decline of the postcard, with more than half of people (60%) surveyed using texts as a way to keep friends and family updated.Phoning home is the second most popular way to stay in touch, while a third of holidaymakers (34%) use Facebook and 29% choose to e-mail loved ones about their travels.Almost four in 10 people surveyed dismissed postcards as too slow, while more than a third (36%) felt that finding a stamp or a postbox was too difficult . Nearly one in 10 (8%) were worried about the postman reading their holiday news.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15484252", "title": "Drug probe cop was \u2018under pressure\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The police officer who had first investigated the false drug possession case against Provogue deputy managing director Salil Chaturvedi withdrew from the probe in three months citing \"pressure\" from those involved in the frame-up.In October 2009, deputy superintendent of police, CID, S S Navghe wrote to the then state CID chief S P S Yadav, saying he was under pressure from those involved in implicating Chaturvedi. He reported sick later and disappeared for nearly a year.In August 2005, airport police had arrested two of Chaturvedi's employees after they were found with 9gm cocaine. Chaturvedi was arrested after they said the cocaine was meant for him. Drugs were also recovered from the toilet in Chaturvedi's apartment. In 2008, all of them were acquitted and on Chaturvedi's complaint, the CID began a probe against the policemen involved.Navghe, who had started the investigation into the matter, later excused himself from the case, but Yadav said this was his attempt to help those involved in the frame-up. Yadav, in his letter to the director general of police, said Navghe was \"instrumental in lending a helping hand to the accused persons\".By then Navghe had recorded the statements of constable Ashok Bhosle, who admitted to planting drugs in the toilet at the instance of police inspector Subhash Kenjale and senior inspector Madhukar Gatade. Two weeks after this statement, Bhosle retracted it and alleged that he was kidnapped by CID officials. In CID's chargesheet, Bhosle is not an accused but Kenjale and Gatade were booked for fabricating evidence. However, the chargesheet is silent about the source of the cocaine.Yadav turned down Navghe's request, after which the latter reported sick and went into hiding. In January 2010, the CID asked him to appear before the medical board, which declared him medically fit. Navghe joined the CID's Konkan unit in May 2010 and remained absent after working for a day. He was then transferred to economic offences wing in Pune.Twice, he was asked to appear before the medical board, but he did not heed the orders. Yadav had asked the DG to then supend Navghe. \"He was not suspended and by then Yadav retired from service,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15486664", "title": "Degree colleges hike 33% UG seats", "text": "KANPUR: Seats in many degree colleges affiliated to Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University have been increased by nearly 33%. It has given relief to hundreds of students, who could not get admission so far.A week back, the authorities of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University received a letter from state government, stating that CSMU should instruct the colleges to increase seats in degree colleges to accommodate more students.CSMU registrar Syed Waqar Husain instructed the degree colleges to take admission in courses like BA, BSc and BCom. Now in each class nearly 80 students will study instead of 60. The degree colleges have been asked by the CSMU administration to provide the data of students, who have taken admission.The authorities of DAV College informed that the seats in the undergraduate courses have been increased. . The admission process for these seats had began.The administration of DG Girls Degree College informed that the seats in courses in BA, BCom and BSc have been increased, keeping in view huge rush of students. In every section, seats have been increased from 60 to 80.Seats have been increased in undergraduate courses in DBS College.In VSSD Degree College, seats have not been increased so far. In PPN Degree College, the admission process has got over and seats will not be increased in undergraduate courses.Meanwhile, the demand for starting evening classes in different undergraduate courses is picking up. If this proposal is accepted by the authorities of Kanpur University, instead of teaching 80 students in one section of a class, the strength can be divided. This would maintain the standard of teaching.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15485579", "title": "CID sleuths to fly to the US to retrieve stolen temple idols", "text": "CHENNAI: A team of sleuths from CID's idol wing will fly to the US to retrieve idols stolen from temples in Tamil Nadu and stashed away in antique dealer Subhash Chandra Kapoor's museum at Manhattan. The idols are valued at more than $20 million by the US authorities, which had issued an arrest warrant against Kapoor after they seized the antiques from his store.A senior police officer of the CID idol wing said, \"We have sought the help of CBI to get in touch with the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) division of the Homeland Security Department through the Interpol. ICE officers have agreed to release the idols if the CID wing furnished documents to prove that the idols were stolen from our temples.\"Officers of the CB-CID's idol wing are planning to send letters of rogatory to US to bring back the idols. Among the artefacts seized were bronze and stone statues of deities Shiva and Parvati and those from the 11th Century Chola period, an ICE statement said. Kapoor was extradited to Chennai from Germany on July 14 and is currently lodged in Puzhal prison.Initially, Tamil Nadu police traced only one stolen Lord Natarajar idol, which has embossed the name in Tamil 'Suthamalli' denoting the place of origin in Ariyalur district. However, police have now traced nine more stolen idols to some private museums, businessmen's houses and offices in many places across the world.Kapoor owns a gallery known as Art of the Past and is understood to have sold Indian art to prestigious museums like New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Smithsonian Institute in Washington and the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston.ICE said some of the artefacts previously seized in the probe had been displayed in \"major international museums worldwide,\" and that other pieces that match those listed as stolen \"are still openly on display in some museums\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15485888", "title": "Centre's cold approach to Cauvery dispute irks Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday was surprised by the lack of engagement for resolution of the Karnataka-Tamil Nadu Cauvery dispute for nine years. This despite the presence of the Prime Minister-headed Cauvery River Authority (CRA), whose attention had been repeatedly drawn by TN chief ministers.When TN counsel CS Vaidyanathan informed the court that no CRA meeting had been convened after February 10, 2003, a bench of Justices DK Jain and Madan Lokur looked for senior law officers of the Centre - either the attorney general or solicitor general - to find out the level of engagement the issue had received at the hands of the Centre.When only panel counsel Wasim A Qadri appeared and that too without any meaningful instructions to meet the court's query, the bench observed: \"The copy of Tamil Nadu's application was served on the Union government on July 25. Yet it appears to have no concern for this matter.\"Asking the Centre to explain steps taken on this issue as well as on the letters written by the CMs to the Centre, the bench said: \"Do not compel us to make observations which would be unpalatable to the Union government.\"The Jayalalithaa government said at the 25th meeting of the Central Monitoring Committee on August 24, 2010, the state stressed on getting the distress-sharing formula approved by the CRA as the water released by Karnataka in scanty rainfall years had been low, resulting in crop failure.It said the chief minister had written to the PM in August and December 2010 for convening of the CRA meeting. Following this, the Union water resources secretary convened a meeting of chief secretaries of TN and Karnataka but it could not reach a consensus on distress sharing formula.\"During the current irrigation season 2012-13 also the southwest monsoon has not been active so far in the catchment area of Cauvery, with the result, there is a distress situation and since there is no agreed formula for sharing the flows in such distress years, TN is put to hardship and the flows due as per interim order of the Cauvery River Tribunal are not being ensured by Karnataka,\" Jayalaltihaa government said.The bench asked: \"How many such bad monsoon years had the state experienced in the last 9 years?\" Vaidyananthan said between 2003 and 2011, TN generally had good monsoon years. \"But this year we had a terrible monsoon and with Karnataka not releasing adequate water, TN farmers were in distress.\"The bench asked Karnataka to file its reply to the TN's application and posted the matter for further hearing on September 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15485183", "title": "Centre agrees to plug missing link on NH-106", "text": "PATNA: The Union ministry of surface transport and highway has agreed to finance and facilitate the construction of 31-km-long road, along with 4km bridge, that has long been considered \"missing link\" on the upcoming four-lane national highway (NH)-106 between Birpur in Supaul district on the Indo-Nepal border on the north and Thana Bihpur in Bhagalpur district on south in Bihar.The World Bank (WB), which had consented to finance by way of loan the construction of the 137km NH-106, later declined to provide finance for the construction of the 31km road, along with 4km bridge, as there was no pre-existing road over 31-km-long section on NH-106 between Thana Bihpur in Bhagalpur and Phulaut in Madhepura districts. The four-lane highway was sanctioned when Atal Bihari Vajpayee was the prime minister.\"As of now, the situation has changed. The 31-km-long missing link, along with 4km bridge, would now be constructed with support from the Union ministry of surface transport and national highway. In fact, IIT Roorkee has already been asked to do the required survey and other related work to prepare the model of the 4km four-lane bridge on the 31km section of NH-106,\" said BJP national spokesman Syed Shahnawaz Hussain here on Monday.According to him, this became possible after he, accompanied by JD (U) national president and Madhepura MP Sharad Yadav, recently called on Union minister C P Joshi to apprise him of the nagging problems, and also solicit his intervention to facilitate the completion of the four-lane NH-106 that also has strategic significance. While China lies north of Nepal , the NH-106 links Birpur on the Indo-Nepal border and NH-31 on the south at Thana Bihpur.\"Joshi showed active interest. In fact, IIT Roorkee has already been sanctioned Rs 50 lakh to make the model of the 4km bridge,\" Hussain said, adding that the construction of the road had already started from the Birpur side, when the problem regarding the \"missing link\" cropped up for resolution by the Union ministry of surface transport and highways. The construction cost of the four-lane 4km bridge itself is around Rs 700 crore, Hussain added.He said that his interest in the affairs of the bridge was natural, because he happened to be a native of Supaul district and has been representing Bhagalpur parliamentary constituency, while Yadav also got involved, since he represents Madhepura constituency in Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15485600", "title": "Young vendors hawk flags and badges on busy streets", "text": "BANGALORE: The Manekshaw Parade Grounds are ready for the Independence Day extravaganza - here, the tricolour will fly high to mark India turning 66.And just across the compound wall adjoining the Metro station, Devi, whose age is about a fifth of independent India's, is hawking the tricolour -- as a flag, a badge and wristband.With five national flags, all bigger than her tiny hands, Devi is hoping the larger beneficiaries of India's independence -- the hundreds cruising in their sedans and motorbikes -- purchase the symbol of their freedom. She succeeds at regular intervals.\"I've sold articles worth Rs 200 today,\" she says. She knows about schools, but she cannot go to one. Was this India's dream?It is only about 4.45pm, the night is still hours away. There are at least 13 more children on either side of Kamaraj Road, some a little ahead of Devi in terms of business, they also sell badges and wristbands.All wait for the night, when they can huddle up under used tarpaulin sheets in makeshift homes that will vanish after August 15. Before that will be the painstaking few minutes of accounting for their sales, handing over their collections to the invisible hands that brought them here, and on good days, a full stomach.Several have come here from Kadapa, while others are from Bangarpet and Kolar Gold Fields. The majority of this vendor contingent is from KR Puram.Govindaiah (name changed), a police constable, is busy marching with a tricolour. Devi sights him, and changes her course cautiously. Govindaiah had not purchased the flag, he had 'confiscated' it from one of Devi's friends earlier in the day. \"We can't even do business here,\" said Sanjan, whose brother had lost the flag along with his slippers.It's true - theirs is an unlicensed business at traffic signals, riding on a transient wave of patriotism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15484376", "title": "Lung transplant patient sent home", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's first patient to undergo a lung transplant was discharged from hospital after almost a month's stay on Monday. Jayshree Mehta (41) underwent the transplant at Hinduja Hospital on July 11. She told reporters on Monday that she wants to work for the cause of organ donations. Mehta was suffering from interstitial pulmonary fibrosis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15484532", "title": "Civic engineer suspended over fertilizer project fraud", "text": "NASHIK: Taking serious cognizance of financial irregularities and questionable functioning of the fertilizer project of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse on Monday directed the civic administration to withdraw the charge of superintending engineer of the fertilizer plant R K Pawar. The committee has also ordered a thorough inquiry of the project by a four-member panel comprising deputy commissioner (administration), deputy commissioner (tax), an auditor and a senior NMC accounts department official.\"Prima facie, thedepartment had not verified the strength of employees in the fertilizer plant while buying equipment worth Rs 60 crore. The machinery now lying unused, has caused a loss of several crores,\" Nimse said. Shiv Sena corporator Ajay Boraste, said, \"In its government proposal, the fertilizer project mentioned the designation of executive engineer, but this position was rewritten as superintending engineer. Pawar has suggested adopting new technology for effective functioning of the project which raises suspicion since existing machinery is now lying unused since the time it was purchased.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484061", "title": "Norms eased to raise density of medical colleges", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union health ministry has decided to allow split campuses \u2014 medical college and a hospital within 10 kms of each other across the country \u2014 to reduce India's skewed ratio of medical college distribution.So far, split campuses were allowed in nine cities like Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Kanpur and Pune.In a notification to be released within a few days the health ministry will allow medical colleges to start on 10-acre plots instead of 25 acres.Ministry officials say medical colleges in some states are shutting down hospitals inside towns due to unavailability of land and opening sprawling campuses on the outskirts, inconveniencing patients.Union health secretary P K Pradhan said, \"We will allow split campuses across India now. Land unavailability should not hamper medical education.\"At present, India has a density of one medical college per 38.41 lakh population. Around 315 medical colleges are spread across 188 of 642 districts.Experts say there is an acute need for medical colleges in certain states. \"Sometimes a hospital does not have enough land to start a medical college. We have asked the MCI to relax norms to allow a split campus provided facilities like transportation and telecommunication are in place,\" a ministry official said.The high-power expert group of the Planning Commission working on universal health coverage has proposed a phased addition of 187 colleges, according to which, by 2022, India will have one medical college per 25 lakh population in all states except Bihar, UP and West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484130", "title": "Govt to dilute whistleblowers Bill?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is likely to incorporate significant amendments to the whistleblowers protection Bill that will keep matters pertaining to national security, public order, Cabinet papers and foreign relations outside the Bill's purview.The exemptions can be seen as a \"dilution\" of the Bill by activists, but are seen to be necessary after it was pointed out that revealing sensitive details regarding national security could become \"lawful\" if provisions of the Bill are not altered.Apprehending a situation where an official in a sensitive post may place sensitive information in the public domain arguing that this was required for the greater public good, the government is making suitable alterations after discussions with BJP leaders.BJP favours exemptions on grounds like national security, but vetoed clauses offering similar exceptions on grounds like \"decency, defamation, morality, contempt and privilege\". It was felt such exemptions will rob the Bill of its main purpose \u2014 to protect a person who exposes wrongdoing.Terms like decency and defamation can be defined in legal terms, but are liable to such wide interpretation so as to smother the Bill's intent to empower a whistleblower. BJP leaders felt these grounds can be utilized to intimidate a whistleblower and suggested that they be kept out of it.Government sources said that while the Bill was listed for Tuesday, some fine tuning might still be required. It is not clear if all the changes that have been agreed on can be incorporated as the legal implications will have to be studied carefully.As the Bill has been passed by Lok Sabha, the legislation will have to be send back to the LS if there are changes in the version that Rajya Sabha considers. BJP leaders in Rajya Sabha are quite insistent on security-related exemptions while calling for deletion of others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15477224", "title": "Wedding isn\u2019t on the cards: Natasha Sharma", "text": "Natasha Sharma of \"Na Aana Iss Desh Laado\" was in Lucknow recently when TOI met her. On the top of our minds was news of her recent engagement with her beau, Aditya Redij.But Natasha dashed any hope of impending nuptials by saying she was in no hurry to tie the knot. \"Wedding isn't on the cards for one year at least,\" she emphasised.On the professional front, Natasha said she was eyeing Bollywood too. \"Har actor silver screen pe jana chahta hai... what's wrong in that,\" she wondered. At the same time the vivacious actor added that she was still in love with small screen. \"Agar kisiko mauka mile TV pe act karne ka toh TV industry jaisi koi jagah nahi hai,\" she stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15483600", "title": "Shillong to boycott Independence Day boycotters", "text": "SHILLONG: \"Let's celebrate Independence Day and let those who have called for a bandh on August 15 remain indoors,\" Luciana Jana, a working mother of two and a regular at Independence Day and Republic Day celebrations in the city, exhorts her fellow denizens. \"This time too, I will take my kids to the Polo Grounds to watch the Independence Day parade,\" she says.Jana is not alone. Fed-up with outlawed militants' ritualistic calls for boycotting celebrations and ceremonies on days of historic and national importance, a large number of people in the hill capital are now venturing out to celebrate, throwing all caution to the wind.College students Patrick, Samantha, Ravi, Jayashree, Idshisha and several of their friends have decided to \"break the taboo \" and walk down to the Jawaharlal Nehru Sports Complex at Polo Grounds on Wednesday for an \"Independence bash\".\"All these years, we were all in the grips of a fear psychosis. It's high time the people realize that the need of the hour is to march forward and do away with inhibitions,\" says a retired professor. \"An entire generation has grown up in Meghalaya and other states of the northeast without openly celebrating national days like Independence Day and Republic Day,\" he points out, even as he recalls the years of the youth when national days were celebrated with full public pomp in the city. \"Though my health does not permit me to walk around, my granddaughter makes it a point to take me and my wife for a drive on such days,\" he smiles. Eighty-year-old Manorama Borthakur still remembers the first Independence Day celebrations in Shillong . A native of Tezpur in Assam , she is married to a government officer serving the British. \"On August 15, 1947, we had a small function in our locality and it was my husband who had hoisted the Tricolour,\" she says with pride.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15486835", "title": "Ramdev: Will announce future course of action today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ramdev and few thousand of his supporters stay put at the football stadium in central Delhi throughout the night, refusing to vacate it and declaring that he will announce his future course of action today.Addressing his supporters early morning, the Yoga guru said history will be created today and he will announce his next course of action before noon.Ramdev went around the Ambedkar Stadium meeting his supporters who had gathered there since last evening.Ramdev held an early morning strategy session with his close aides to fine tune the future course of his protest.He had last night rejected an appeal by police to vacate the stadium flagging concerns ahead of Independence Day as the facility was near Red Fort where the nationals celebrationsThe Yoga guru yesterday adopted a vigorous anti-Congress stand in his protest against blackmoney and was arrested during a march to Parliament but late in the night he refused to quit the stadium from where he and his few thousand supporters were released.Giving a slogan 'Congress hatao, desh bachao' (Remove Congress, Save the Country), Ramdev ended his five-day protest with a call to his supporters to march to Parliament for a dharna demanding immediate steps to bring back blackmoney stashed abroad.His protest fast was marked by dilly-dallying over the last three days as he deferred announcing his strategy in the face of central government's total indifference to his agitation against corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484097", "title": "Politicians, activists push for peace in Pune", "text": "PUNE: The city's political and social leaders on Monday said they were taking various initiatives to maintain peace in the city, following the attacks on students and professionals from the northeast.Shiv Sena MLA from Hadapsar constituency Mahadev Babar said he had helped organise four meetings with police officials, people from various sects and communities and peace committees last week. \"Peace is unnecessarily disturbed because of these incidents. There are some miscreants, but no one should get provoked unnecessarily. The police have promised all possible assistance to the people from the northeast. Law and order will be maintained in the city,\" Babar said.He added that Shiv Sena has formed teams of party workers to provide help and security to people.MLA Ramesh Bagwe from the Pune Cantonment constituency said Pune is a progressive city and there would be no further disturbance of peace. \"We are working together to create awareness among peopleabout maintaining peace and communal harmony. The police have already held meetings with citizens. We are planning to hold party programmes and peace committee meetings in this regard,\" he said.Social activist and president of the Maharashtra Cosmopolitan Education Society P A Inamdar and other citizens plan to visit the affected areas in Assam later this month. \"When there is no hope, people become desperate. I am planning a programme through which the youths there get to see andexperience the world. Some youths in the city will get free education,\" he said.Former civic standing committee chairman Rashid Shaikh said the attacks on students should be severely condemned. \"These attacks are wrong. Miscreants are being provoked by leaders with vested interests,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15484328", "title": "25 years of hope, sheltering needy", "text": "MUMBAI: Vinayak Pawar (17) wants to become a four-wheeler mechanic and being an orphan, this dream would have been a difficult task had he not been adopted by a city shelter home. Today, many like Vinayak stand with their head held high with dreams to reach higher prospects and they dedicate this to Shelter Don Bosco, which adopted these kids from the street and gave them hope and vision.This year is special for the Wadala home as it celebrates silver jubilee anniversary and has a host of activities lined up over the next few months. \"Since most children do not know their date of birth, we celebrate their birthdays on August 16, which St John Bosco's birthday. Our anniversary celebrations will kick off on the same day,\" said Fr Roger Jones.On the same day, members of the shelter will also launch Project 25 that is aimed at helping, rescuing, rehabilitating and restoring children in need of care and protection and in conflict with the law. \"Now its time for the youth to join us. We will urge them to help us locate children from the city's street and rehabilitate them,\" said Fr Roger Jones, adding that those who want to participate will be expected to put in two hours on five days a month. \"This will take our cause forward,\" added Jones.On Monday, Mir Ranjan Negi and actors Boman Irani and Deepal Shaw participated with the boys of Shelter Don Bosco and congratulated them for their achievement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15485458", "title": "Plea for HC intervention in Vidarbha's irrigation backlog", "text": "NAGPUR: Three social workers from the city have knocked the judiciary's doors claiming that the Maharashtra government had miserably failed to wipe out irrigation deficit of the region since last three decades - 1980 to 2010. The backwardness of Vidarbha region is primarily due to step-motherly treatment meted by influential politicians from western Maharashtra, the petitioners said.Citing information obtained under the Right to Information (RTI) Act, the social workers moved the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court praying for directives to central and state governments to complete all the pending projects on war footing to remove the huge backlog of the region.According to petitioners, Mohan Karemore, Amit Khot and Bharti Dabhadkar, if 36 projects cleared by the government from 2004 to 2007 had been completed it would have led to irrigation capacity of 4.91 lakh hectares. They also stated that it would have led to massive jump in revenue to the tune of Rs5,000 crores for the region. Subsequently, over five lakh farmers and farm labourers would have benefited.A division bench comprising justice Pratap Hardas and justice ML Tahaliyani issued notices to union secretary of Urban Development Department (UDD), state secretaries of General Administration Department (GAD), UDD, Irrigation and Forest Department, and Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC). They were asked to reply in four weeks.Counsel for petitioners Shrikant Khandalkar pointed out that the government officials and bureaucrats deliberately delayed the projects in Vidarbha. Despite project reports for many being ready and approvals granted, the VIDC failed to take them further. Giving example of Washim, the petitioners informed that about 27 minor irrigation projects were yet to see the light of the day due to state irrigation department's apathy. Moreover, about 54 projects are pending for necessary permission from the forest and revenue departments of both central and state governments.Criticizing the government, Khandalkar contended that it declared special packages to farmers after large-scale suicides in the region, but corruption has prevented funds from reaching the affected people. He informed that many projects including Gosikhurd, inaugurated by former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi , were pending since last three decades, due to which their costs have escalated manifold.He argued that the department of minor irrigation had identified 36 projects at the cost of Rs244.22 crore in 2001 but due to inordinate delay, their cost has jumped up by a whopping 270% to Rs672.31 crore. Citing a TOI report, Khandalkar informed that the government had diverted Rs1 lakh crore meant for Vidarbha's irrigation projects to western Maharashtra during the last decade. The petitioners also demanded a high level inquiry into the alleged irrigation scam and a panel to examine environmental impacts due to opening of 85 power projects in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15484369", "title": "Chief minister warns erring transformer firms again", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has reiterated that strict action will be taken against individuals and companies who supplied faulty transformers to the state. The CM's warning comes days after UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) sought a report from UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) on the number of transformers which got damaged in the past two years.Yadav, in June, had asked the UPPCL to blacklist the companies supplying faulty transformers. UPPCL then swung into action and started proceedings against nine companies.Interestingly, within a month, the then UPPCL chairman Avanish Awasthi was issued the marching orders amid reports of some high profile transformer companies lobbying with a senior Samajwadi Party leader to get off the hook. Akhilesh has repeatedly blamed the Mayawati government for the power crisis in the state and said it needs complete overhauling.The state government, he said, is trying to get the distribution system on track. Principal secretary (energy) AK Gupta said the corporation will separate the rural feeders from the urban feeders. Until now, only Paschimanchal has separated the feeders.Meanwhile, chief minister said power distribution of Kanpur will be handed over to Torrent after a proper review (read tariff agreement). The issue had attained curious dimensions after UPPCL engineers objected to the move citing that it would lead to their uncertain future.In fact, engineers under the aegis of Vidyut Karamchari Sangharsh Samiti had opposed privatisation of power distribution, but the Mayawati government had gone ahead with privatisation of power distribution in Agra. On Monday, Akhilesh also asked officials to ensure all possible help to Torrent Power, which is engaged in distribution of power in the Taj city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15485837", "title": "State to buy 400 MW power for 24X7 supply", "text": "BHOPAL: Fifteen months before the next assembly polls, the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government in Madhya Pradesh decided it was time to fulfill the 24X7 power supply promise of the 2008 election manifesto. The state cabinet approved the proposal to purchase 400 MW of power between October 2012 to March 2014 for uninterrupted power supply in the state.On Monday morning, the state cabinet also unanimously cleared the proposal to sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for the purchase of 2,100 megawatts of power from the two proposed nuclear power plants in the state to make up for the present disparity between demand and supply.A government spokesperson said, the cabinet under the chairmanship of chief minister Chouhan decided to sign a long-term MoU to purchase the 2,100 megawatts of power at fixed rates from the two proposed nuclear power plants of Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL) at Chutka in Mandla district and at Bheempur in Shivpuri district. The state will receive 700 MW power from Chutka project and 1,400 MW power from Bheempur project. The cabinet also sanctioned purchase of 400 MW power from October 2012 to March 2014 with a view to ensuring 24-hour power supply to consumers from the year 2013. The state will make available working capital as per requirement of the Madhya Pradesh power management corporation for purchase of power during the period.The cabinet also endorsed Rs 6,016.17 crore action plan for the state's power companies during the 12th five-year plan. This includes Rs 2,631.56 crore project of Madhya Pradesh power generating company, Rs 344 crore project of power transmission company and Rs 936.42 crore, Rs 1,006.67 crore and Rs 1,027.52 crore projects for the state's eastern region, central region and western region power distribution companies. The cabinet also sanctioned relief and rehabilitation package for 2 X 660 MW capacity mega thermal power project being set up by NTPC at villages Selda, Balabad and Dalchi in Barwaha tehsil of Khargone district. Madhya Pradesh will receive 50% power generated by the project. The project will lead to establishment of small and major industries in the nearby areas. Employment opportunities will become available to local people and basic amenities will improve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15484377", "title": "Over 6k register for engineering and pharmacy courses", "text": "AHMEDABAD: More than 6,000 students who cleared their supplementary exams last week have got themselves registered for engineering and pharmacy courses. Monday was the last day for registrations and 13,175 seats are still vacant in the two streams across the state.The merit list for these students will be prepared next week. This will be the second merit list \u2014 the first one being of those students who had cleared their class 12 exam in first attempt. Even after admissions were granted on the basis of the first merit list, 13,175 seats continue to lie vacant.The offline admissions will start in the third week of August. After the supplementary examination results last Tuesday, the admission committee declared the schedule for those interested in enrolling in engineering and pharmacy courses. The students were to get themselves registered from August 9 onwards. The admission committee extended the registration process by one day. Of the present 9,833 vacant seats in engineering, 299 are for auto engineering, 133 for chemical, 829 for civil, 2,302 for computer, 3,424 for electronics and communication, 1,045 for Information Technology and 262 are for mechanical stream. A total of 3,642 seats are vacant in the pharmacy stream.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15486722", "title": "Traders protest against Anwarganj-Mandhana railway line", "text": "KANPUR: The city traders and locals under the banner of Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal once again raised their protest against the Anwarganj-Mandhana railway line that divides the city into two halves. It would be relevant to mention that as many as 19 railway crossings fall on the Anwarganj-Mandhana rail route out of, which railway crossing at Jarib Chowki, Coca-Cola, Gumti, Rawatpur, Geeta Nagar and Kalyanpur are the important ones.The city traders from different markets reached Gumti crossing demanding for the scrapping of the Anwarganj-Mandhana railway line. They said that the railway line has become cause of major jams in the city.The traders demanded that the Anwarganj should be connected with Panki railway station and Panki with Mandhana. They said that this would connect the three railway stations and give a better connectivity to the people of the city.Gyanesh Mishra, General Secretary, Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal who was sprearheading the protest said that the agitation with a demand for removal of the railway line would continue till the needful is not done.Importantly, what worries the traders is the permanent jam situation in the markets that lie adjacent to the Anwarganj-Mandhana railway track and a heavy loss of trade due to reluctance of city folks in coming to these markets-especially in Gumti, 80-feet road, Jarib Chowki, Rawatpur, Kalyanpur.Kamal Ahuja, a local medical store owner in Gumti market while protesting said that the traders have been demanding for the scrapping off the railway line for past two years but nothing has been done by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15483989", "title": "Maharashtra extends deadline for UID card by a year", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly one-and-a-half years after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh launched the ambitious scheme to provide unique identity (UID) cards at Nandurbar in Maharashtra, the state government has extended its deadline to complete the programme by a year.The government now aims to cover at least 80% of Maharashtra's population before March 31, 2013, as opposed to the earlier target of 100% enrollment by March 31, 2012.At the end of the programme's first phase, the government registered around four crore users, delivering cards to nearly three crore. \"In the second phase, we will ensure factors which led to slow progress are attended to, and the project is completed before March 31, 2013,\" UID officials said, adding that several factors have led to slow progress, including time taken by agencies to feed data and shortage of biometric machines.At a meeting chaired by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and attended by Nandan Nilekani , head of the UID programme, it was decided to connect state departments to the UID to ensure faster delivery of services to users, including direct transfer of money into the account of a card-holder. The revenue, urban development, health, education, women &amp; child departments will be connected to the state resident data hub. This will be done simultaneously with the launch of the programme's second phase, officials said.A 'self-seeding' programme will be launched for those who have received a card to be able to update their LPG, ration card and other basic details on the hub, via SMS or email. Once these details are uploaded, standing in long queues to avail services will not be required. \"There will be speedy delivery of services such a gas connection, ration card, government certificates and loans for farmers, among many other benefits the government will be able to deliver,\" an official said.The government has undertaken pilot studies in pockets of Mumbai, where 60 lakh cards have been issued mostly in slum areas. The pilot, to open 1,500 bank accounts with the help of UID, was carried out in a South Mumbai slum. Officials said that Nilekani appreciated it and told the government to connect more bank accounts with the UID so that direct cash transfers become a reality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15485975", "title": "Was Narmada valley the centre of human evolution?", "text": "VADODARA: Much is known about how the Harappan Civilization flourished on the banks of the Indus almost 5,000 years back. But now is the time to move 'ahead' of the Indus Valley Civilization.Through the largest exploration exercise ever undertaken, M S University's Department of Archaeology and Ancient History along with United States' Stone Age Institute will unearth evidence of our own ancestors.MSU and Indiana-based Stone Age Institute at Gosport have joined hands for the 'Narmada Basin Paleoanthropology Project (NBPA)' with the target to collect all the paleoanthropological evidence within the last two million years.\"This project may throw new light giving credence to the belief that the Narmada Valley could have been the centre of human evolution,\" says professor K Krishnan, head of MSU's Department of Archaeology and Ancient History.The project for the period of five years has its roots in the discovery of a vertebrate fossil record including the only pre-modern human fossil known in South Asia from - the Narmada Basin.In 1980s, former director of Geological Survey of India (paleontologist) Arun Sonakia had created a sensation surprising the world with his discovery of the \"only human fossil in Asia\" from near Hoshangabad in Central Narmada Valley Basin in Madhya Pradesh which he said was that of a homo erectus (predecessors of today's human). In recent times, however, archaeologists have argued that although the discovery has been variably attributed to different species of homo, its age remains uncertain.\"Through this project, we will collect more human fossils, look at the context of this fossils and go for a precise dating methodology as very little dating of fossils has been done so far,\" co-director and research associate of NBPA from Stone Age Institute Parth Chauhan told TOI.\"Study at Narmada Basin is important because of its geographical location which is very strategic for migration of animal population from North to South and East to West. It is not only rich in fossils and archaeological sites, but it has a long history of human occupation and this region is facing submergence due to dam construction,\" says Chauhan.\"Through the project we are trying to know whether the human evolution in Narmada Valley was the same as other regions - Africa , China or Europe or whether the origin of African and European stone age cultures was the Narmada Valley,\" he says.After the team of researchers carries out a systematic survey, excavations will be mainly carried out at sites like Dhansi, Hathnora, Pilikarar, Surajkund, Amonda, Mahadeo-Piparia (most of them located in the area within the limits of Houshangabad region.\"The study will not only cover the sites that are reported but we are sure that we will come across more number of sites. Most suitable will be chosen for excavation,\" adds Krishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15484796", "title": "MoU signed: CNG project ready to roll", "text": "LUDHIANA: Clearing the way for the implementation of the CNG project in the city, a memorandum of understanding (MoU) between the municipal corporation and the Gas Authority of India Limited (GAIL) has been signed on Monday, in a meeting held at Chandigarh.Commissioner Ludhiana municipal corporation, R K Verma, who signed this agreement with GAIL, revealed, \"Now that the MOU has already been signed we will be signing the commercial agreement within 90 days. Meanwhile, the pipeline is already being laid and the project for city bus service would be implemented as soon as possible.\"Notably, the site for the two CNG pumps \u2014 one inside the Sukhdev Singh Thapar Inter-state Bus Terminal and one outside it that belongs to the municipal corporation have already been finalized and the gas pipeline is also being laid.Another MoU has to be signed between the transport authorities and GAIL for the conversion of existing buses into CNG. However, according to sources, this MoU is being delayed as it involves operation on larger scale as the buses have to cover a long distance and the availability of the CNG pumps is to be assured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15484483", "title": "Mobile services in Lucknow on illegal towers?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Believe it or not but mobile services in the city are running on unauthorized towers. In an alarming disclosure made by the Lucknow Development Authority, none of the hundreds of mobile towers installed in the city has got the due sanction. The revelation has come at a time when the debate over `harmful effects of electromagnetic radiations emitted by these towers has gained momentum. The inter-ministerial committee of the ministry of communication and information technology (IT), in fact, has suggested reduction in the level of radiation from the existing 9.2 watt per sq metre to 0.92 watt per sq metre.According to records, though the city and surrounding areas have nearly 2,000 mobile towers, the LDA has received only 60 applications till date. Of these, 21 applications were for installation of towers in Hazratganj, while 24 were from Hasanganj. A couple of applications were also received from areas like Chowk, Alambagh, Wazirganj, Gomtinagar, Aliganj and Indiranagar.However, LDA vice-chairman Rajneesh Dubey confirmed that none of the towers have been given the sanction because of one reason or the other. Representatives of tower companies, on the other hand, say that UP doesn't have a proper policy and this adds to confusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "15485569", "title": "A ladder takes these families to main road", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: For a few families living below the new railway overbridge near Hiremagalur, going out and coming into their homes demands a peculiar exercise: they carry a ladder, slant it over the wall of the bridge and climb up or down, as the situation demands.This has been going on for the past eight months, ever since the bridge was completed for the Kadur-Chikmagalur line.Their houses were located by the roadside before the overbridge was constructed. Then, they were assured that a service road would be laid which would connect them to the main road. The families believed the railway authorities and waited for their road. But it is yet to make an appearance.Though work is complete, the railway department's assurance has not translated into action. So the ladder, which was a temporary measure to help reach the Belur-Chikmagalur road at a height of 15ft, has now become routine.J Kurian, who was running a small hotel here, had to shut shop once construction began. He is now working as a daily wage labourer. Kurian worries about children and elders. \"Adults can climb the ladder and reach the road, but schoolchildren find it difficult to climb up and down. We have to climb up along with the children to put them safely on the road. It is dangerous for elders too. The only alternative left is to sit on a dharna before the deputy commissioner's office to demand the service road,\" said Kurian.The deputy commissioner had visited the spot and assured them that the service road would be laid, but his promise has not been fulfilled either. Local railway authorities dismissed the issue, saying the district administration has to tackle the problem, and build the service road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15485179", "title": "\u2018Still to resolve Pak\u2019s illegal occupation of J&K; areas\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Monday said the \"issue that remains to be resolved'' in Jammu &amp; Kashmir is the vacation by Pakistan of the areas \"under its illegal occupation'', even as it held that it remained committed to resolve all outstanding issues with Pakistan \"bilaterally and peacefully'' in accordance with the Simla Agreement and the Lahore Declaration.Responding to a question in Lok Sabha on the festering Siachen Glacier-Saltoro Ridge by Congress MP Manish Tewari, defence minister A K Antony said, \"The area of Siachen Glacier is an integral part of India.'' \"The government's principled and consistent position is that the entire state of J&K; is an integral part of the Indian Union. A part of the territory of the state is under the illegal and forcible occupation of Pakistan,'' said Antony, in a written reply.\"The Ceasefire Line has to be interpreted in the light of the Karachi Agreement, 1949 and the Simla Agreement 1972. The Line of Control is interpreted to run northwards to the glacier from Point NJ 9842 and as per the principles of international law along the watershed formed by the Saltoro Range,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15486617", "title": "4 arrested over ruckus on MG Road", "text": "GURGAON: Four persons were arrested by DLF-II police for creating a ruckus on MG Road on Sunday night. They were produced in the duty magistrate's court on Sunday and later granted bail.DLF-II police conducted the raid on MG Road in the wee hours of Monday. A police team reached MG Road around 2am after getting a tip-off that some youths were creating a ruckus in front of the MGF Metropolitan Mall.Police lodged an FIR against the four after arresting them under Section 160 of IPC. \"The four were produced before a city court on Monday and granted bail,\" said Harish Kumar, the investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15484977", "title": "Anti corruption bureau files chargesheet, 8 named", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) investigators filed a 40-page chargesheet in the cash-for-bail scam before the special court on Monday. The investigating agency named eight persons, who have already been arrested and remanded in judicial custody.The probe agency framed charges against suspended CBI judge T Pattabhirama Rao, his son T Ravi Chandra, retired judge TV Chalapati Rao, advocate Aditya, history-sheeter P Yadagiri Rao, Karnataka MLAs Gali Somasekhar Reddy, TH Suresh Babu and their relative Dasaratharami Reddy under sections 120(B), 34, 109, 219 of the IPC &amp; sections 8, 9, &amp; 13(1) (d) r/w 13(2) of the PC Act 1988 for criminal conspiracy and criminal misconduct in granting bail to Gali Janardhan Reddy, prime accused in the OMC scam.Gali Janardhan Reddy has not been named as accused in the chargesheet, but ACB sources revealed that his name would be added in the supplementary chargesheet. Gali's group had agreed to pay Rs 20 crore as bribe to CBI judge Pattabhirama Rao for granting bail and his associates and, after the bail was granted on May 11, they paid Rs 9.5 crore to the judge.ACB has booked a separate case in relation to the cash-for-bail scam and arrested two suspended judges, D Prabhakar Rao and Lakshminarasimha Rao, along with their associate in July. However, the probe agency is yet to file a chargesheet in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15485562", "title": "Dowry death: Man gets seven years jail term", "text": "MYSORE: The V Additional District and Session Court has sentenced a man to seven years imprisonment in a dowry harassment and death case.Prashant of Davanagere was found guilty of harassing his wife Sumalatha and pushing her to commit suicide in 2007. According to a complaint filed by Sumalatha's father B K Virupaksha, though Prashanth was given Rs 1 lakh and 200 gram gold at the time of marriage, he used to harass Sumalatha for more money and property. Unable to bear the harassment, Sumalatha ended her life by hanging within a year after her marriage in November 2006.Judge Lakshman F Malavalli sentenced Prashanth to seven years in prison and fined Rs 40,000. Another accused Shivaraj has been sentenced to three years imprisonment with fine of Rs 20,000. Prashanth's mother Suvarna, who was also an accused, died during the course of the trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15485570", "title": "Accused remanded to police custody", "text": "MARGAO: One of the accused in the group clash at the Navelim masjid, Malik Alisab Mazagi, who was arrested by the Margao police on Sunday, has been remanded to seven days police custody by the JMFC, Margao.Police are yet to nab the other 22 accused in the case that left at least nine persons injured.Rehan Mujawar, 17, who sustained head injuries is still undergoing treatment at the Hospicio Hospital, Margao; others were discharged soon after being administered medical aid.\"The accused are on the run. We have sent police teams to track down the accused,\" Margao PI Sudesh Naik told mediapersons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15486098", "title": "Deadline for relocation of zoo closing in", "text": "COIMBATORE: The fate of the Coimbatore corporation zoo hangs in a balance as in less than a year, the civic body will need to finalise a suitable land to relocate the animals and prepare a master plan as per the guidelines of the Central Zoo Authority. As per the master plan guidelines proposed by the CZA, Coimbatore zoo should have a minimum area of 20 hectares and, the staff strength at the facility be streamlined to ensure proper care for the animals and better maintenance of the facility.\"It will be really difficult for corporation authorities to prepare the master plan and get the animals relocated and finish the relocation procedure before the expiry of the zoo license,\" said Dr Brij Kishore Gupta, evaluation and monitoring officer, Central Zoo Authority.The corporation has been scouting for an ideal location for the zoo for more than eight years, but is yet to finalise any land. It had identified two spots, a 35-acre land near Kavundampalayam, which was formerly used as a dumpyard, and also a 70-acre piece of land near Ettimadai, to relocate the zoo. Gupta and a team of experts had visited the sites on the invitation of the corporation some time ago. \"Some of the sites were shown to us, but nothing materialised after that inspection,\" Gupta said.Coimbatore corporation also had plans to acquire 44.14 acre of land from central prison authorities near the prison complex and shift the zoo to a portion of this land. The corporation council passed a resolution in this regard on February 27, 2012. This was also mentioned in the recent corporation budget, with the promise that the new zoo will have a more diverse crowd of animals and birds. A senior corporation official said the land is yet to be handed over to the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "15483880", "title": "Eid shopping gains momentum", "text": "GARHWA: Shopping is on in full swing with barely a few days left for Eid-ul-fitr. Varieties of lachcha sewai, special caps and atars are the top picks of the moment. Eid is probably falling on August 20, depending on the visibility of new moon a night before. Besides observing the holy month of Ramzan, people also engage in extensive shopping before Id.Several make-shift shops and stalls have come up on the main road and other parts of the town since the beginning of the holy month. Buyers are bound to get attracted to these artistically decorated shops with varieties of items on display like dry fruits, sewai, atars and other accessories. Markets in Garhwa and other parts of the district present a colourful sight as shops illuminated with colourful lights selling sweetmeats, clothes, bangles, atars beckon shoppers and heavy rush of buyers are witnessed almost every day. Id celebrations are incomplete without sewai which is considered as the main delicacy of this festival.Markets grow all the more lively with the hustle and bustle of a swelling crowd, as people move from shop to shop to pick their lot. Shoe and garment businessmen are making the most of this period as their shops are flooded with new varieties of clothes, footwear.Crocheted white and to a lesser extent colourful caps as well as Kurta pyjamas are in huge demand among the men. Women indulge in elaborate shopping starting form clothes for children, salwar suits for themselves to bangles and other ornaments and accessories that will make their dressing complete for the night of Eid-ul-fitr.Devotees however prefer shopping in the evening hours after the iftar (evening meal). However, Eid is not only restricted to observing strict fast and buying clothes. The real essence of the festival lays in practicing steadfast prayers and participating in pious activities such as charity (Zakat) or giving donations.Every Muslim family keeps aside a certain amount for donation as prescribed by Shariyat (Muslim religious law). \"The donation in the form of food grains, clothes or cash is distributed among the needy to enable them participate in the festivities. A good part of the charity also goes to Madarsas for the poor boys and girls who study there. Moreover, it is mandatory for every well-to-do Muslim family to give charity (Zakat) before the day of Eid and during the last days of Ramzan,\" said Hafiz Abdus Samad, the imam of Garhwa Juma Masjid.Attired in new dresses people exchange \"Id Mubarak\" and hug each other during Id. Id brings special cheers to the young boys and girls who get a chance to move around in their new garments, meet friends and seek blessings of the elders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484129", "title": "Water level at four dams reaches 72% of capacity", "text": "PUNE: The collective water storage in the four dams that supply water to the city is now 21.10 TMC (72.37% of the total capacity).On Monday evening, Khadakwasla was 100% full, Panshet was 75.10% full, while Varasgaon and Temghar were 69.03% and 61.33% of their respective capacities. The irrigation department continued to release water into the Mutha right bank canal, but stopped the release of water into the Mutha river, since the catchment areas of Khadakwasla did not get rain. \"After Khadakwasla dam filled up, additional water was released into the river for a week but was stopped on Monday,\" said an official from the irrigation department.\"Khadakwasla received no rainfall on Monday, Varasgaon and Panshet received 1 mm rainfall and Temghar registered 6 mm rainfall,\" he added.Pavana dam, which supplies water to Pimpri-Chinchwad, received 26 mm rain and is now 74.24% of its total capacity.Meanwhile, Vinod Tawde, leader of the opposition in the legislative council on Monday met the governor and demanded that fodder depots in the state should not be shut down because of a scarcity situation. Tawde said that many parts of the state were facing a drought-like situation. Since the availability of water is still low, the government needed to rethink its decision to close down fodder depots from August 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15476080", "title": "An a cappella salaam", "text": "Celebrate Independence Day with an a cappella version of A R Rahman's Maa Tujhe Salaam all day today and till the end of the month on 9XM, the Bollywood music channel. Penn Masala, the world's first Hindi a cappella group, formed by Indian American students at the University of Pennsylvania, USA, were zeroed in on to perform the track.A cappella is a form of music that uses only voices to create melody; no instruments are used. Commenting on the initiative, Amar Tidke, senior VP and head of programming, 9XM, added, \"We researched extensively to find that one group that could provide us with a unique Independence Day video. After going through hundreds of videos posted by various Indian and international groups, we decided to get Penn Masala on board.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15486002", "title": "Five-foot long crocodile rescued in Manjalpur", "text": "VADODARA: Experiencing its wettest spell for the last two days, the city made its second sighting of the crocodiles during the current rainy season on Sunday night when a five-foot long crocodile crawled out in Manjalpur area to land on the side of a busy road. The first one was spotted near Harni talao last month after a night-long spell of rain.Volunteers from Canine Group, an NGO dealing with wild life, and the forest department officials rescued the crocodile on Sunday night and took it to Sayaji Garden Zoo.The sighting of the crocodile near Laxmi Narayan Mandir, barely a few feet away from a mega mall, sent ripples of excitement in the area with people gathering around the reptile in no time. \"I was visiting a friend who lives in the area when we heard about the sighting,\" said Vishal Thakur, who heads the Canine Group. Thakur immediately called up the forest department officials, who helped the NGO rescue the crocodile in a 10-minute long operation.It remains a mystery as to how a crocodile reached an area where no water channel flows in the immediate vicinity. \"It probably crawled into one of the storm water drains opening nearby, from either the stream in the palace, or strayed into a drain from Vishwamitri. It was sighted near the temple by the people as it was growing dark outside. The crocodile must have got restless hearing the voices of the people around it, and so it crawled into a ground opposite the temple, which was full of water due to ongoing rain,\" Thakur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15485904", "title": "Independence Day: Security beefed up for the celebrations in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Security has been beefed up in the city for the Independence Day. Nearly 200 additional police personnel will be deployed from nearby areas for the day.Superintendent of police (SP), headquarter, Dr Ashish said inter-district borders have been put under round-the-clock surveillance keeping tab over arrivals in the city.Teams of the cops are also keeping vigil at hotels and lodges across the city. \"Hostels across the city will also be checked to ensure safety of the citizens,\" he said.The top cop has appealed people to inform police on the number 100 in case they notice any strangers in the city engaging in doubtful activities. Though security of the Indore airport does not come under the purview of the Indore police, a check point of the city police in nearby locality will keep a vigil there, he said.Security of railway stations and bus stands has been also beefed and cops are patrolling these places.He said similar security arrangements will also be made in the city during the festival of Eid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15488213", "title": "Action oriented film Smuggler launched", "text": "Actress Priya Hassan who is single handedly working on making some good action oriented films launched her own film 'Smuggler'. The film is directed by K Veeru who has produced and directed many Telugu and Tamil films.This is for the first time that she is not directing her own film, two of her previous films 'Jambada Hudugi' and 'Bindaas Hudugi' were directed by her. This is also an action oriented thriller in which Priya Hassan in featured in a role of three shades. Telugu and Tamil film actor Ramana is the hero of the film, while the remaining crew of artists and technicians have to be selected yet.Speaking to the reporters after the launch of the film, Priya Hassan said that she chose the project because director K Veeru had something new to offer for her in terms of presenting her on screen and also the way his script is narrated. She said that the shooting of the film has already commenced. \"Veeru is an experienced director and I immediately agreed to be a part of the film,\" she said.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15485277", "title": "Region Digest", "text": "Three swept away in riversAMRAVATI: In separate incidents three persons got swept away when they ventured into flooded Wan and Ukri rivers, on Sunday. Hira Buda Kasdekar (60) of Shemba village in Buldhana district, who was on his way to the Hanuman temple, got swept away in flooded Wan river. Brothers - Raunak Ali Guljar Ali (21) and Irshad Ali Guljar Ali (19) - were washed away in Dhulghat nullah in Dharni tehsil near Dhulghat railway gate as they tried to cross the river on their motorcycle. The tragedy occurred when their bike got stuck in a ditch and they got trapped in the fast undercurrent of the river. The bodies of Raunak and Irshad were recovered on Sunday evening near Khaknar in Madhya Pradesh.Cops arrest 55-yr-old for cheatingAkola: Police arrested a man for duping a youth of Rs65,000 by promising him job in Saudi Arabia , on Sunday. Salim Khan Pirkhan (55) had been duping gullible youths under the guise of providing them with lucrative jobs in Saudi Arabia. Shaikh Nadim had paid Salim Khan, Rs65000 after the later promised him the job of a driver in Saudi Arabia. But after reaching there he was asked to do the job of a labourer instead. Nadim somehow managed to return to Akola.Man dies in mishapAkola: One person died instantly when an unknown vehicle knocked him down near Hendaj diversion on Akola-Murtizapur road on Saturday night. The deceased who is yet be identified is around 30-years-old.Man booked for assaulting wifeAkola: A man was booked by the police for assaulting his wife after she refused to give him money to buy liquor on Sunday. Ravindra Ingle thrashed his wife Sangita at their residence in Ashok Nagar in Akot tehsil, 40km from here. Ingle attacked his wife with a sharp edged weapon. Sangita received head injuries and has been admitted to civil hospital here. Police is investigating the case.Sarode's name deleted from PDKV VC final listThe name of Dr Shivaji Sarode, an aspirant for the post of vice chancellor for PDKV, has been deleted from the final list of probables. The agriculture scientists here have expressed strong displeasure on the issue, reliable sources said.Surprisingly, earlier his name had been included in the list of five but at the last moment, it has been deleted. Sarode has made revolutionary research in the field of agriculture in the last decade.Disgruntled agro-scientists questioned the criteria being followed to select the VC. Some of them are planning to meet the state governor and the chief minister in order to seek justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15484003", "title": "Former CM Madhu Koda gets bail in corruption case", "text": "RANCHI: Former Jharkhand chief minister Madhu Koda secured a conditional bail from the Jharkhand high court on Monday in the second case registered by state vigilance department relating to corruption charges. The single bench court of Justice HC Mishra granted him bail on a surety of Rs 50,000 on the condition that he deposits his passport at the court. The court has also directed Koda not to communicate with witnesses in the case and inform the court before leaving the country. Despite obtaining the bail, Koda will continue to remain in judicial custody as there are a few more cases pending for hearing before the court.In this particular case, vigilance officials questioned Koda over his role in recommending and appointing one R K Sinha as member secretary of the state pollution control board and spending Rs 90 lakh in campaigning for the 2009 Lok Sabha elections. The officials claimed that around Rs 20 lakh used for electioneering by the Chaibasa MP was sent by his close aide Vinod Sinha to two of his associates Subodh Kumar Dubey and J Poddar.Biswajit Mukherjee, Koda's counsel, contended Koda, as the chief minister, had recommended R K Sinha's appointment to the erstwhile minister of forest and environment. \"Even after the recommendation, Sinha was never appointed member secretary in the board and this contradicts the argument of the vigilance,\" he said. Mukherjee further informed that Sinha has obtained bail from the court despite charges being leveled against him. Contesting the use of public money in electioneering, Mukherjee argued that the money changed hands with Vinod Sinha and two others, which under no circumstances corroborate that Koda was involved. \"My client neither received the money nor did he direct anyone to receive the money on his behalf,\" he said.On April 5, the same court had granted bail to Koda in the disproportionate assets case filed by CBI accusing the former CM of receiving kickbacks worth Rs13 crore for granting mining license to one Core steel company and 44 others.Koda has been in judicial custody since November 30, 2009, when he was arrested by the Jharkhand Vigilance Bureau from Chaibasa. Koda will continue to remain in jail because two more cases against him are pending - one has been filed under provisions of Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) whereas the other relates to his role in appointing a blacklisted company for carrying out rural electrification work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15482816", "title": "Ambedkar Stadium ravaged", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ambedkar Stadium, Capital's only national-level football arena, became an unintended victim of Baba Ramdev's stir on Monday. The turf at the stadium was damaged after Ramdev and hundreds of his supporters were herded into the stadium.The crowd sat, walked and ran over the ground, damaging the playing surface. The prestigious Durand Cup, the oldest soccer tournament in the country, is scheduled to start at the ground from August 16. However, organizers will now have a tough time readying the pitch for the event. According to official reports, there were around 6000 people inside the stadium in the evening. The fact that it rained in the evening made matters worse as the ground surface became loose and muddy.Delhi Soccer Association (DSA) officials could do nothing but watch the Durand Cup venue getting turned into a makeshift jail. NK Bhatia, DSA vice-president, said, \"We can't do anything about it apart from lodging a protest. This sort of nonsense has been happening for a long time and no one really cares. The national camp for the Nehru Cup had to be shifted to Bangalore because Ambedkar Stadium was not available. And now, this bizarre incident has left us helpless.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15484386", "title": "Iconic building hosted Mahatma Gandhi too", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was in February 1915 when Mahatma Gandhi had set foot in the city, all determined to launch his struggle for Satyagraha after his return from South Africa. That year Bapu was invited to many public meetings organized in the city and prominent citizens hosted him on many occasions. One such occasion was organized at the Moti Shahi palace in Shahibaug in September, 1915.The palace was the residence of the northern division commissioner then, and the commissioner had organized a small get together there to honor women volunteers who had taken part in humanitarian activities during the First World War. Bapu was one of the guests of honor at this event. This fact is mentioned in a detailed chronology compiled by Chandu Dalal on Bapu's life called 'Gandhiji ni Dinwari'.\"The date of this get together, according to the chronology, was September 15, 1915. The first years of Bapu's life in the city were very crucial as he needed support for his cause and used to spent a lot of time traveling around the country and in the state,\" says city-based historian Rizwan Kadri.When Bapu arrived in Ahmedabad for the first time on February 1, 1915 after returning from South Africa, one of Ahmedabad's influential men, Sheth Mangaldas Girdhardas, hosted him at his family home in the walled city. The meeting was organized by surgeon Dr Hariprasad Desai who was instrumental in getting Gandhi to Ahmedabad.Mangaldas became one of Gandhi's most trusted supporters and even provided yarn for spinning at a discount. He also organized Bapu's public meetings in Ahmedabad and gave a major impetus to the khadi movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15485476", "title": "Eco-friendly cyclists win hearts", "text": "MYSORE: The district administration on Monday took the bicycle campaign one step ahead by organizing a bicycle race in Mysore.The competition saw participation from bicycle enthusiasts of all age groups and foreign nationals.Nearly 200 students, senior citizens and members of Mysore Cycling Club took part in the 10-km race which was held as part of the 66th Independence Day celebrations and the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda. The event was organized jointly by the district administration, zilla panchayat and the Youth Services and Sports department.Mysore cycling club member Bharath Roshan, an engineering student, said the event was organized to promote and popularize cycling.Five professional bicyclers from Bangalore also took part in the event.The race, which began from Village hostel at Manasa Gangothri, the PG campus of University of Mysore, concluded at the same venue. Cyclists passed through Bogadi road - Ring road - Andolana Circle and Adi Chunchanagiri road. Foreign nationals from Korea, UK, USA and Iran also participated in the race. Vidyavikas engineering college lecturer Roopashree Shekar, who finished fourth in the race, said pedaling 10 kilometre was an amazing experience. Ravi Kumar, a student of Banumaiah college, said winning the race was not his objective.\"I ride bicycle daily and I am happy to be part of the event,\" he said.District minister S A Ramdas flagged off the event. DC P S Vastrad, MUDA commissioner C G Betsurmath and MUDA chairman L Nagendra took part in the jatha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15485335", "title": "Citizens set the agenda", "text": "ROADSNMC manages 2,273km roads, including 1,876km tarred, 32km metalled and 165km cemented. Besides, it is also responsible for 46 roads stretching over 107km constructed under IRDP. However, the civic body has miserably failed to maintain roads. Even other agencies, like Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) and Public Works Department (PWD), too are responsible for some roads but are not maintaining them properly.NMC has failed to undertake repairs in time, causing inconvenience not only during monsoons but in other seasons too. Number of mishaps has increased due to potholes. The challenge is to improve quality of road works. Some contractors have been engaged for last many years, are doing shoddy work, but still dominate the administrationPrakash Shirbhate | CitizenWATERThe ruling BJP-Sena coalition in NMC has touted the 24X7 project it started implementing in its last tenure as the solution for all water woes of the city. However, residents have pointed out several flaws in the scheme.Dharampeth Zone was being supplied more water than its requirement while other zones were receiving less than what they needed. The new civic chief should ensure equitable distribution of waterManoj Sangole | former corporatorENCROACHMENTDespite several drives by the anti-encroachment squad, NMC has failed to clear encroachments from roads and footpaths. The 'efficiency' of NMC has been questioned by motorists, who find it difficult to find parking in busy Sitabuldi, Dhantoli and Ramdaspeth areas.The indifferent attitude of traffic police and NMC allows encroachments to flourish. Unlawful constructions, particularly along busy roads and footpaths, are a nuisance. Roads are shrinking every day because of encroachments, but both agencies are ignoring themBiswajeet Karmakar | RadiologistSANITATIONThe zero garbage bin project launched by NMC has failed to ensure a neat and clean city. In many residential localities, garbage can be still seen dumped along roadsides for days together. This has led to increase in unhygienic conditions in many areas.The heaps of garbage in many areas pose a danger of monsoon-related diseases, such as malaria , dengue, chikungunya , cholera and viral fever. In spite of repeated complaints, civic authorities do not bother to clear garbage to provide a clean environment to residentsVandana Nagne | homemakerPARKSPublic parks and gardens serve as lungs for a city fast turning into a concrete jungle. Today, most parks and gardens are in a bad shape, whether they are maintained by NMC or NIT.The new civic chief should give more thrust on improving green zones and it will only be possible if gardens and parks are given importance. In today's world, they play a major role in maintaining environmental balanceShrikant Deshpande | environmental activistLAKESOnce the pride of the state's second capital, the city's lakes have been neglected. Barring Telangkhedi, Sonegaon, Gandhi Sagar and Ambazari lakes, most other waterbodies are in a pathetic condition.While NMC has chosen to conserve five main lakes - Sonegaon, Gandhisagar, Ambazari, Futala and Pandhrabodi - under the National Lake Conservation Plan, it is neglecting most other smaller lakes like Sakkardara, Naik, Lendi and Dobi talaos. The new civic chief should come up with a master plan to protect and conserve these water bodiesAvantika Chitnavis | heritage activistSTARBUSThe running fights between ruling BJP-Shiv Sena government and the Congress over Starbus have left commuters in the lurch. Launched in 2007, the city bus service through private operator M/s Vansh Nimay Infra Projects Private Ltd, was undoubtedly a boon for over two lakh commuters. However, poor condition of Starbuses is putting them to great inconvenience.Despite having 470 buses, the city miserably lacks facilities to run a bus service. For a bus terminal catering to almost 2 lakh passengers and handling hundreds of trips daily, one expects basic amenities like shelters, drinking water, and clean toilets. The civic chief should ensure better public transport facilitiesRamesh Gite | Citizen", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15486042", "title": "Congress promises to set up Gujarat Administrative Tribunal", "text": "VADODARA: Congress party has promised to set up a Gujarat Administrative Tribunal (GAT) on coming to power in the state. The announcement came on Monday amidst a series of goodies promised to the serving as well as retired government employees. The proposed GAT would be on the lines of Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT).Senior Congress leader and junior railways minister Bharatsinh Solanki, who was in city said, \"We will form GAT for addressing grievances of the state government employees speedily.\"Trying to woo the government employees, Solanki also promised implementation of the sixth pay commission recommendations for the 10 lakh working and six lakh retired employees in the state.\"We will stop exploitation of five lakh employees who have been hired on fixed salaries or part time basis. We will prepare special salary provisions for them,\" he added.The Congress leader promised to make guest houses at tourist places for retired government employees and give jobs to kin of the employees who pass away during their working tenure.The party is eyeing a huge vote bank in the form of government employees who are awaiting implementation of the sixth pay commission recommendations. Solanki attacked chief minister Narendra Modi for giving benefits to the industrialists while ignoring the common man.The promises made by Solanki are part of the 12-point 'Gujarat People Development Vision-2012' programme of the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15485607", "title": "Open pit poses danger to commuters at Thiruvanmiyur", "text": "CHENNAI: Commuters step out of the Thiruvanmiyur MRTS station to clear and present danger. At the landing of a flight of stairs is a large uncovered pit. Commuters say the pit has been left open for as long as they can remember.\"I have been using this station for a year now and it has always been there,\" said G Indira, who regularly uses the elevated line between Chennai Beach at Thiruvanmiyur.An incomplete storm water drain on North Usman Road maintained by Chennai Corporation had claimed the life of a 25-year old teacher last year. Sarala fell into the pit on the night of November 4. Her body was found the next morning.A few commuters have tried complaining to the authorities about the open pit. \"Officials at the station say they don't have a complaint book,\" said K Ravi, who works at Ramanujam, an IT park opposite the station. \"Someone coming down the station can fall into the pit,\" he said. Adding to the problem is the lack of illumination at the entrance. \"Street lights on the median on OMR are the only source of light at the entrance,\" said Ravi.Agencies blame each other for the problems. \"The drain is not ours. The railways has opened them for their works,\" said an engineer from the Tamil Nadu Road Development Corporation (TNRDC) which maintains the Old Mahabalipuram Road. \"We have spent crores of rupees laying footpath. The railways has simply opened the pits for repair and not bothered to cover it. We have written several letters to them, but no action has been taken,\" said a TNRDC official.Commuters have a list of other problems that ail the station. \"The escalators don't work. This makes it tough for the elderly and the physically handicapped,\" said Indra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15484127", "title": "Merry-go-round owner drags Maharashtra to court", "text": "MUMBAI: The state has sought time from the Bombay high court (HC) to reply to a petition filed by a woman against the demolition of her merry-go-round stall on Juhu beach in December 2010. The stall is on collector's land and was demolished by the collector's office.Last month, Rahimabi Abdul Wahab moved the HC, saying her stall was demolished despite the fact that she had a pitch licence issued to her husband over 30 years ago. She also said her stall was one among 10 such stalls on the beach. The collector's office said the licence was no longer valid and notices have been issued to the remaining nine stalls.The petitioner's lawyer, Duraiya Retiwala, said Wahab's husband had been running a merry-go-round and swing since 1978 and was issued a pitch holder card for a 20 feet by 20 feet stall.In 2002, she received a notice from the collector, calling her and nine others to produce proof that they existed prior to January 1995. A year later, the collector's officer held she had no proof and cancelled the photo identity issued for the stall. The 10 stall owners moved court. In 2005, they were allowed to make an application to the collector to be rehabilitated elsewhere.Advocate Retiwala said despite applications and a reminder in 2010, the deputy collector did not respond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15485211", "title": "Come Onam &amp; Maveli will guide autos take right path", "text": "KOCHI: This small sticker stuck on the window of a city auto would simply mean trust. With a view to inculcate the spirit of Maveli among Kochiites, the city police is launching its first initiative this Onam.The \"Maveli -Trust Your Auto Driver\" is aimed at helping people identify auto drivers who are role models for the city. These auto drivers will behave decently and give you a fair fare ride.The scheme has been designed by city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar to give a makeover to the lost credibility of auto drivers. \"People say Kochi auto drivers are bad. But there are hundreds of good people among them. Our aim is to endorse this fact and urge passengers to fearlessly wave an auto down,\" he told TOI.As part of the proposed scheme, the city police will identify 100 auto drivers who will be given a special \"Trust Your Auto Driver\" sticker. In the initial phase, the stickers would be given to those drivers who have a clean track record and trusted by the city police for following fair practices.\"We will work out the scheme in detail and it will be extended to the entire city after initiating discussion with the two traffic assistant commissioners,\" said Ajith Kumar.The sticker stands for an assurance that the driver will operate the fare meter and the passenger can trust him. Traffic assistant commissioner V M Muhammed Rafeeq said the police would be able to launch the scheme only after closely checking the background of each driver.Already the city police have identified a batch of auto drivers for their \"Citizen for Security\" programme which is being implemented to train the public on how to handle emergency situations and assist the police. \"City police is planning to allot the stickers initially to auto drivers who are a part of this programme,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15484325", "title": "Chief minister not to give police medals on Independence Day", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a break from the past trend, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav will not present medals to police officials for exemplary service during the Independence Day celebrations this year. The practice was followed during the Mayawati regime. Now, the police officials will be conferred with medals during the Police Week.The Police Week though has not been organized in the state since 2007. But this time it is likely to be held either in December end or January first week, an official said.Since the medal ceremony will not be the part of the Independence Day celebration, the dais, where Akhilesh Yadav will be present for the first time as chief minister has been shifted to the lawns of Vidhan Bhawan, said SP (east) Rajesh Rai. He added that the dais has been set up on the right side of Chaudhary Charan Singh's statue on Vidhan Bhawan campus.About the reason, SP (east) said that from 2007 it became a practice for the CM to confer police medal to officials during the Independence Day celebration. So, the need was felt for a bigger stage to accommodate police officials. And for a free movement of the officials to the stage, it was built on the Vidhan Sabha Road, another police official said. But now the medal ceremony will not be held, the stage has been shifted inside as was done before 2007, he added.The new arrangement will also cut short Independence Day celebrations, SP (east) said, adding that they will last for only 30 minutes, he added.SSP RK Chaturvedi said directives have been given to the officials to launch an intensive checking at hotels, internet cafes and other sensitive points to keep a check on unwanted elements.The police officials have been asked to maintain a strict vigil on the movement of suspicious looking persons, the SSP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15486680", "title": "Rules regarding honour to national flag being flouted", "text": "VARANASI: Flouting the rules and guidelines for the National Flag, the markets are flooded with a variety of plastic, paper, metal and rubber flags which are often seen disposed carelessly on the roads after the functions on Independence Day or Republic Day. A stroll around the markets like Dalmandi, Haraha Sarai, Godowlia, Luxa, Gurubagh, Orderly Bazaar is enough to witness the increase in trading of flags. \"Flags are now coming in different shapes and sizes. Plastic flags are cheaper, glossy, attractive and easy to carry. Paper flags are far more cheaper and mostly popular on the outskirts of the city. The cotton or silk khadi flags are less in demand and only purchased by educational institutions, social organisations and political parties,\" informed a wholesaler of flags in Haraha Sarai market.As per the guidelines of Prevention of Insults to National Honour (Amendment) Act, 2003, the Indian Flag shall be made up of hand-woven wool, cotton or khadi silk buntings. The flag shall not be used as a portion of a costume or uniform of any description. A variety of tie pins, badges, wrist and forehead bands, hair bands, ribbons and caps are available in tri-colour. A trader in Dalmandi said many students are pinning the badges and pins on the uniforms, school bags, and carry bags, the demands increases every year. \"I have already sold 100 to 120 pieces of such badges,\" he said. Apart from the badges, some shops have also confirmed that they have already sold a number of T-shirts and other accessories.The Act also says that the national flag shall not be used as a drapery in any form except in State/Military/Central Paramilitary Forces funerals, nor it could be draped over the hood, top, sides or back of a vehicle, train or boat. The flag shall not be used or stored in such a manner as may damage or soil it.Ignoring the rules and guidelines, flag stickers and caps have also gained popularity. ADM (city) M P Singh said that there is no ban on selling of flags and flag inscripted articles. It is checked that the flags are not dishonoured by any person or group. \"We have already circulated guidelines through the district inspector of schools (DIOS) and basic shiksha adhikari (BSA) to all the schools regarding Independence Day celebrations and honouring the national flag.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15486284", "title": "The failure of the Public Distribution System", "text": "The criminal waste of foodgrains meant for the public distribution system and open market is indicative of the systemic failure involving multiple agencies like the Central Warehousing Corporation, Food Corporation of India and Indian Railways. It is not enough if only the contractor is held accountable. More heads should roll.Related story: A day after rot, contractor swings into action", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15484060", "title": "Explain fee waiver policy, HC to technical educational body", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday directed the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) to explain its tuition fee waiver scheme after a city-based educational trust challenged the fine levied on it by the state government for admitting students in excess of its sanctioned strength.A division bench of Justice Dhananjay Chandrachud and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition by Vile Parle Kelawani Mandal, which runs colleges like NM and Mithibai, against the Rs 44-lakh fine imposed on it by the directorate of technical education (DTE) for admitting 22 students in its Sanghvi College of Engineering.The fine works out to 200% of the fees of these 22 students.The college denied violating the rules, saying it had admitted the students as per AICTE's scheme according to which 5% of the seats are created as supernumerary seats and hence in addition to its intake capacity. \"We have admitted the students under that scheme,\" said the college's counsel Prasad Dhakephalkar.AICTE advocate Mihir Desai said he will have to take instructions on the supernumerary seats and the existing scheme concerning the same. Adjourning the matter, the judges directed the AICTE to explain its position on the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15486426", "title": "Increase in use of LCD projectors for teaching", "text": "MANGALORE: The trend of using electronic devices like LCD projectors to conduct classes is catching up in colleges in undivided Dakshina Kannada district. Manipal University (MU) presently has 450 LCD projectors, installed across classrooms and laboratories.MU director purchase and general services Colonel Badri Narayanan told TOI that in 2001 MU started using LCD projectors but that time they had just one. Later due to an increasing demand from students, classrooms with strength of 100 students were provided LCD projectors. \"Now the same facility has been provided to classrooms even with strength of 50 students as LCD projectors help in providing effective teaching,\" he said.NMAM Institute of Technology (IT) that had been using 10 LCD projectors to conduct classes installed 15 more LCD projectors in classrooms last year. NMAM IT vice-principal IR Mithanthaya said it helps in avoiding dictation of notes and improves teaching and learning skills, particularly for engineering students as they have to learn about various designs of machines. \"Because of the LCD's, teachers do not have to draw figures on boards,\" he added.Another city-based Besant Women's college has got an Interactive Whiteboard (IWB), which costs more than lakh rupees. IWB is a large electronic display connected to a computer, where users control it by using pen, stylus or fingers. Beasant Women's College principal Manjula KJ said, \"We have been using LCD projectors for the last five years but the specialty of IWB is that internet can be used, which helps the teaching faculty to access videos, pictures and other data related to academics quickly.\" Marker-boards consume more time to teach as everything has to be written but these electronic devices not only save time but also make learning more interesting for students, she said.Srinivas Institute of Technology (SIT), which has equipped it classrooms with 44 projectors, plans to install IWBs. SIT principal Shrinivasa Mayya said that these devices also reduce the workload on teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15485538", "title": "Woman ties up sleeping hubby, sets him ablaze", "text": "CHENNAI: A woman, who tied up her husband while he was asleep and set him ablaze at their residence in Tiruverkadu on Sunday night, has been arrested.S Brinda, 35, told police that her husband Sakthivel, 39, was an alcoholic who constantly suspected her fidelity and that she was fed up with his behaviour. They frequently fought over the issue, she said.On Sunday, Brinda told police, she was preparing to perform a pooja on a special occasion and several of her relatives were in the house when her husband started abusing her. Later in the night, Sakthivel got drunk and picked up a fight with her. After he went to sleep, Brinda tied up his legs and hands and doused his body with kerosene and set him on fire. The couple's three children were asleep in a neighbour's house at the time, police said.Hearing Sakthivel's cries, a few neighbours rushed to the house. They found Brinda standing outside and her husband in flames. The woman told neighbours that her husband had committed suicide, police said.Police said Brinda and Sakthivel, from Gingee in Tiruvannamalai district, were residents of Anna Street at Anbu Nagar in Kolladi near Tiruverkadu. Both sold vegetables for a living. Police sources said that Brinda had, on several occasions in the past, tied up Sakthivel's hands and legs when he fell asleep drunk. He would free himself on regaining consciousness, police said.Brinda was later remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484068", "title": "BJP leader demands police protection for north-east students", "text": "PUNE: Bharatiya Janata Party leader Vinod Tawde on Monday met governor K Sankaranarayanan and demanded immediate police protection for students from the northeast living in Pune.Tawde, who is the leader of opposition in the state legislative council, also demanded suspension of Mumbai's police commissioner for his failure to control violence at the Azad Maidan in Mumbai. He said that a tougher home minister was needed to handle issues pertaining to law and order, intelligence and terrorism in the state.Addressing a news conference here, Tawde said, \"The governor has said that the recent incidents are a cause for concern and he will speak to the government regarding the issue of law and order.\"He said the attacks on students from the northeast living in Pune are disturbing. \"They must be given police protection. The police should talk to them and caution them to move around in groups and avoid stepping out alone.\"Criticising the state home department's role in the backdrop of the recent violence in Mumbai, Tawde said that state home minister R R Patil has once again failed to maintain law and order in the state. \"Why were steps not taken to prevent violence even after the police department had received specific inputs?\" he asked.\"The government has failed to curb terrorist activities in the state. The state home ministry needs a tough person who can maintain law and order. The home ministry can be bifurcated into social and law administration departments, wherein Patil can handle the social security issues and law and order should be handed over to a tough minister,\" he said.Tawde also demanded an inquiry into how permission was granted to Raza Academy to hold a rally at Azad Maidan, when instances of violence had been registered during earlier rallies held by the organisation.He alleged that permission for the rally was given under pressure from a minister, though he did not name the person. He said the government should take strict action against the organisers and the people who were involved in the violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15483786", "title": "Activists plan morcha over hawker violence", "text": "MUMBAI: The increasing cases of violence involving hawkers has angered residents' groups across the city. The attack on activist Valerie Fernandes and her mother, who were roughed up by miscreants, will be taken up with the CM by H(west) Citizens' Federation, which is also planning a morcha this week.The activist was hit by a speeding bike on Saturday. Later, they were mobbed by 25-30 people who allegedly attacked them. Fernandes was a regular complainant against illegal hawkers in Bandra. The attack left Valerie with a fractured arm.\"After a lot of coaxing, when the complaint was finally registered by the police, Valerie was further threatened outside the police station by goons who she said were linked to some local politicians. This clearly establishes the link between hawkers and the politician,\" said Daphne Warapen, chairperson, Ambedkar Road ALM.Bandra activists have alleged the Saturday's attack was skillfully executed by hawkers. \"Knowing that minors will not be prosecuted by the police, they got two boys to deliberately dash against Valerie with a motorcycle, creating the impression that it was an accident. After which she and her family were roughed up by hawkers whom she has clearly identified as those she had complained against in the past,\" said Anil Joseph, chairperson, Perry Road Residents' Association.Joseph said that the hawkers in Bandra have become very bold only due to heavy political patronage and also alleged that the police turned a blind eye towards this issue. \"In the past, many activists who took up the Hill Road issue were threatened. I was threatened in 2007 by these Hill Road hawkers when I had put complaints against them. But in the past, it was restricted to threats alone. Now, the water has gone over the head and police better take action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15485361", "title": "Legal tussle hits Kozhikode's auto plan", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The issue of autorickshaw shortage in the city is unlikely to be resolved soon as the legal battle between the Regional Transport Authority (RTA) and a society of auto drivers in the city continues without end in sight.The high court had in June cancelled the list of 237 individual applicants that was prepared by the RTA for granting new permits, derailing the plan to introduce new auto services in the city. The court directive to cancel the list followed a petition filed by a society of auto drivers against the RTA's decision .The decision to sanction 237 new city permits was taken during the tenure of the LDF government following the demand of commuters and the people's representatives. The decision was implemented by the UDF government in October 2011. As there were more than 500 applicants, the RTA had fixed certain criteria to select the 237 auto drivers and issued guidelines regarding this. As per the guidelines, the applications would be considered on the basis of experience of drivers.Apart from the individual applications, the RTA also received an application from a society formed by a group of drivers in the city. The society had applied for 30 permits. But the RTA sanctioned only 15 permits for the society and published the list of remaining 222 applicants.The society approached the high court stating that the RTA's decision to fix criteria for the selection process was unauthorized and illegal. Considering the plea, the high court cancelled the list prepared by the RTA stating that only State Transport Authority (STA) can fix criteria for preparing the list of beneficiaries.The RTA, which discussed the recent developments at a meeting conducted on Thursday, is yet to reach a conclusion regarding the issue.The individual applicants has demanded at the meeting that the RTA should press the STA to issue the same guideline for issuing permits, as the HC said that STA is the authority that can fix such criteria. They allege that there are vested interests behind the society's move and the legal battle will adversely affect hundreds of families of autorickshaw drivers, whose applications are still pending with the RTA.However, the society demanded at the meeting that the RTA should prepare a fresh list and sanction 30 permits for the society. They have also decided to approach the court if the RTA turns down their demand.A driver, who is also included in the list of the beneficiaries of new permit, said there was a shortage of at least 500 autorickshaws in the city and the delay in the final decision regarding the new permits will affect the commuters. At present, there are 3,000 autorickshaws operating in the city.The autorickshaw shortage in the city is unlikely to be resolved soon as the legal battle over the granting of new city permits prepared by Regional Transport Authority (RTA) continues.With the High court cancelling the list of 237 individual applicants who were selected by the RTA for new permits in June, the decision to introduce new auto services in city remains uncertain. The High court's directive to cancel the list was on a petition against RTA's decision by a society of auto drivers in the city.The LDF government decided to sanction 237 new city auto rickshaw permits in Kozhikode following the demand of commuters in city and the people's representatives. The decision was implemented by UDF government in October 2011. As there were more than five hundred applicants for the 237 city permits, the RTA had fixed criteria for select the 237 auto drivers, and issued a guideline regarding this. As per the guideline, the applications would be considered on the basis of experience of drivers.Apart from the individual applications for city permits, the RTA also received an application from a Society formed by a group of drivers in city. The society applied for 30 permits. But the RTA has decided to sanction only 15 permits for the society and published list of remaining 222 applicants who are selected as per the criteria fixed by RTA.The society approached the High Court stating that the RTA's decision to fix criteria for the selection process was unauthorised and illegal. Considering the plea, High Court in May cancelled the list of 237 auto drivers, saying that RTA cannot fix criteria for preparing list of beneficiaries.The RTA which discussed the latest development at its last meeting, is yet to reach in a conclusion regarding the further steps on the issue.The individual applicants demanded the RTA at the meeting to press the State Transport Authority (STA) to issue the same guideline for issuing permits, as the HC said that STA is the authority to fix criteria. They allege that there are vested interests behind the Society's move and the legal battle will adversely affect hundreds of families of auto rickshaw drivers in city, whose applications are still in pending before RTA.A driver in city, who is also included in the list of the beneficiaries of new permit said, there was a shortage of at least 500 auto rickshaws in city and the delay in the final decision regarding the new permits also will affect the commuters. At present 3000 auto rickshaws are operating in the city limits.The RTA should take immediate steps to resolve the issue of shortage of auto service. However, the Society demanded at the meeting that RTA should prepare a fresh list and sanction 30 permits for the society. The Society has also decided to approach the court if the RTA turns down their demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15483660", "title": "AGP holds 'black badge' protest", "text": "GUWAHATI: While hundreds of ethnic clash victims residing in various relief camps in Kokrajhar and Dhubri districts were sharing their grievances and fears with UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde , who visited the state on Monday, hundreds of AGP workers were staging a 'black badge' protest throughout the state.Terming Sonia Gandhi's visit to Assam as a political tactic, former chief minister and AGP President Prafulla Mahanta said, \"It's sad that despite being the UPA chief she has reached the riot-hit zone three weeks after the violence broke out. Several others from the UPA leadership too visited BTC before her, but they have failed to restore peace yet. They only come here to shed their crocodile tears and do nothing for the people.\"AGP, which carried out the stir in all districts and sub-divisions of the state, also voiced its anger with the Centre for continuous delay in the implementation of the Assam Accord. The AGP said, the accord, which was a result of an historic movement against influx in Assam, is still to get its concrete shape even 27 years after it was signed.\"The illegal influx in Assam from Bangladesh is the root cause of the recent ethnic clashes in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC). It's a matter of shame for the government that it has failed to implement the Assam Accord, which will complete 27 years on August 15. The problem of influx is nothing new and it's surprising that the Centre has failed to comply with the accord,\" said Mahanta.The AGP also send a memorandum to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asking him to take urgent steps to bring back normalcy in the riot-hit districts of BTC. \"The worst sufferers of the ethnic violence, particularly the people who have been provided accommodation in relief camps, are passing their days in apprehension of danger to the lives. It is pitiable that state government officials are reported to have indulged in corruption even in distribution of the relief material. We demand that those who have lost their homes should be paid Rs 3 lakh per family and those whose properties have been damaged be paid Rs one lakh per family,\" said the memorandum.Earlier, on Sunday, the former chief minister also alleged that the state and the Centre are playing petty politics over the recent riots, forgetting the suffering of lakhs of people whose only priority is peace.\"The Centre runs a CBI inquiry, the state government is running a judicial probe. Isn't this hypocrisy? Isn't one investigation going to affect the other? Meanwhile, many Congress ministers are trying to gain personal mileage through the situation. It's not a time to do politics but to bring peace back to the region,\" said Mahanta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15485522", "title": "HC upholds four-year jail in attempt to murder case", "text": "PANAJI: In a case of a one-sided love, which led to an attempt to commit murder, the high court of Bombay at Goa recently upheld the sentence of four years imprisonment imposed on Andre Fernandes by a trial court on charges of attacking Sweta Zantye with a 'coita' in Mapusa in 2006.The high court has only reduced the amount of compensation to be paid by the accused to the victim to Rs. 50,000, as against Rs 1 lakh ordered by the additional sessions court at Panaji.The prosecution alleged that the accused committed the offence as the victim refused to marry him. On May 16, 2006, the accused followed Zantye near KTC bus stand and attacked her on the back of her neck with the weapon. When she turned around, the accused again attacked her and injured her left eye. Soon after the incident, onlookers caught hold of the accused.The additional sessions court had convicted the accused under Section 307 (attempt to murder) of the Indian Penal Code, but the accused had challenged the order before the high court by filing an appeal.During the hearing of the case in the high court, the appellant' s lawyer argued that none of the shop owners in the area where the offence was committed were examined before the court. This raises serious doubt about the complicity of the accused in the commission of crime, he added.The lawyer also contended that although the prosecution claims that the accused had used the 'coita' in committing the alleged crime, the owner of the weapon has not been examined, nor fingerprints on the 'coita' taken.The high court Justice A P Lavande observed thus: \"It appears that this is a case of one-sided love affair and upon being frustrated by refusal of PW. 5 (victim) and her father to get Sweta married to him, the accused assaulted Sweta.\"The evidence led by the prosecution, conclusively establishes the offence punishable under Section 307 of IPC against the accused, the court held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15485156", "title": "AIIMS-like status for NIMHANS", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rajya Sabha on Monday passed a Bill seeking to make the Bangalore-based National Institute of Mental Health and Neuro-Sciences (NIMHANS) an \"institution of national importance\" like the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) here and other institutions of reputeexcellence in the country.The National Institute of Mental Health and Neuro-Sciences, Bangalore, Bill, 2010, empowers the institution to have greater autonomy on selecting the syllabi, confer degrees and hire without the intervention of the Medical Council of India.All parties supported the Bill which was moved by the Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad. They, however, cautioned the government to ensure that the institute did not fall below expectations with which it was set up. Agreeing that there was a need to develop such institutes in other parts of the country, Azad said availability of quality manpower was the main impediment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15485034", "title": "HC restrains entry tax on goods", "text": "KOLKATA: State revenues on account of entry tax have become uncertain after June 27 following a high court order restraining the government from levying the tax on goods mentioned under the government schedule based on its assessment.Justice Indira Banerjee took up the petition for hearing on Monday. A total 18 companies including Bharti Airtel and Tata Tele Services in a joint petition had challenged the validity of the West Bengal Tax on Entry of Goods into Local Areas Act, 2012.All these companies moved the high court challenging the entry tax Act soon after it came into force on April 1, 2012. They prayed for an injunction on the tax that the single judge initially declined. Later, they preferred an appeal in the division bench of Justice Kalyanjyoti Sengupta and Justice Asim Mondal on June 27. The bench directed the petitioners to file returns that shall be processed and steps shall be taken for assessment in accordance with law. However, the bench restrained the government to give effect to the assessment made on returns filed by the companies and tax accordingly.The restriction will continue till the court hears out the matter. The division bench then returned the matter to the single judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15485769", "title": "Farmers oppose mendment to section 107 of Karnataka Land Reforms (Amendment) Bill", "text": "BANGALORE: Farmers are opposing amendment to Section 107 of the Karnataka Land Reforms (Amendment) Bill, considered the backbone of the land reforms and land revenue laws in the state.\"The purpose of the land acts will be defeated and the concept of 'tiller is the owner' will be killed if this section is amended. In the name of modernizing agriculture, land would have been taken away from farmers,\" sources said. The amendment would have also empowered companies to go in for multiple contracts with farmers owning land on adjacent plots to extend their cultivation area.This unbridled freedom to the companies would ensure that farmers lease their land for long periods - about 30 or 99 years - and find themselves in a piquant situation when they try to get it back from the investors. \"Investors will first take some land on lease and slowly spread their tentacles to acquire the land around, forcing farmers to become landless labourers in cities.\"Deputy CM and revenue minister KS Eshwarappa is said to have said that the amendment would pave the way for investors and influential people, including politicians, to acquire general power of attorney (GPA) from farmers. There are several instances in recent times where politicians, like Katta Subramanya Naidu, allegedly illegally took GPA from farmers and landed in trouble later.While the Shettar government succeeded in withdrawing the bill, the move caused heartburn among investors. Industries minister Murugesh R Nirani and agriculture minister Umesh V Katti had worked hard to push the bill. During the agro-business meet and Global Investors Meet, the government had assured that Section 107 would be relaxed to woo investors.When contacted, Nirani said the idea had not been shelved, and he would try to impress upon the chief minister that the bill was not anti-farmer, and have it passed during the next session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15485011", "title": "3 held for abduction", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On the complaint of a father, who had accused six persons of abducting his daughter, police arrested three men late on Sunday.According to the police, the complainant alleged that Amit Walia, Sumit Walia, Punit Walia, all relatives, who are residents of Sector 35, Navdeep Chopra, a resident of Sector 70 of Mohali, Ramandeep Brar, a resident of Sector 35 and Simranpreet Singh, a resident of Sector 44, had abducted his daughter, who is around 20 years. The girl's father lodged a complaint with the police on August 10. He alleged that these people had been following his daughter for a few days and then abducted her.\"The girl's father had complained that his daughter was abducted from near his residence in Sector 39 on August 9. On the basis of our probe, we have arrested two accused, Navdeep, Ramandeep and another accused, Amit's father Gian Chand,\" said a police official here.All accused were booked under various sections of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15486005", "title": "Central Warehousing Corporation godown raises a stink", "text": "VADODARA: Hours after more than 24,000 bags of wheat got drenched in rains at Vadodara railway station on Sunday morning, the Central Warehousing Corporation (CWC) was quick to blame the contractor for failing to move the bags in time. CWC officials also pointed fingers towards the railways stating that it didn't have good storage facilities.However, CWC's godown in Chhaani meant to stock thousands of metric tones of wheat too isn't in good shape either. The godown spread on a big piece of land is located behind PVR multiplex.When TOI visited the godown on Monday afternoon the entire premises was water-logged. There was no concrete road and the workers offloading the grain stock were seen wading through muddy water to reach the building. \"We have been asked to keep all the people including media persons out of the CWC godown. No one is allowed inside,\" said the security guard.Truckloads of wheat bags kept coming even as the contractor, who is being blamed for the wastage, was seen supervising the offloading of bags brought in from the railway station's yard. \"The wheat bags brought to the godown are completely safe and kept in suitable conditions,\" said a CWC employee while showing the godown rooms.However, stray dogs were seen roaming freely on the wheat bags stored inside the godown on Monday afternoon. Large quantity of wheat was lying loose on the floors. Though the godown roofs were not leaking, the bags were not stored in hygienic condition. Stench was emanating from the water-logged roads around the godown as there was no outlet for water. CWC officials said that the godown can store up to 16,000 metric tonnes of food grains. The wheat bags sent by Food Corporation of India (FCI) are for poor people as well as for sale in open market.\"The godown was constructed over 30 years ago. During the last several years many residential colonies have come up around the godown and the height of the roads has been increased. When it rains, all the water flows to our premises. We plan to lay pipelines to drain out the water,\" said CWC regional manager V K Tyagi.When informed about the stray dogs in the godown, Tyagi said, \"We will take necessary action to prevent this.\" A CWC godown employee however said that a lot of wheat bags get drenched in water during the rains and the water-logged premises also pose health hazards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15487648", "title": "Driver who was to donate liver &amp; kidney to Vilasrao Deshmukh dies", "text": "CHENNAI: The 31-year-old school van driver, who was declared brain-dead and whose liver and kidney were to be transplanted in Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , died at 2.45am ahead of the transplant.Doctors at the Government General Hospital (GH) said he suffered a cardiac arrest.Although his family had agreed for organ donation at 9 pm on Monday, they later refused by the time the police arrived at the hospital a little after midnight. An ambulance from the Global Hospitals was stationed outside the GH's casualty ward.\"We went back and forth, but there was nothing we could do. We took caution with every step because the van driver's accident was a medico-legal case. It delayed the process a little and we lost the patient,\"\" said a doctor at the hospital.On Saturday, the driver was hit by an ambulance while he was riding his bike on East Coast Road. He was brought to the Government General Hospital.The same day, doctors at the Global Hospitals had flagged a \"super ultra emergency case\" for Vilasrao Deshmukh. The 67-year-old minister, diagnosed with liver cancer, was flown to Chennai by an air ambulance last Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15485076", "title": "'If govt wants to play kabaddi, we are ready'", "text": "NEW DELHI: By nightfall on Monday, Baba Ramdev and his supporters had dug in their heels and were getting ready to spend the night at Ambedkar Stadium. The yoga guru was still on fast and said he intended to continue till August 15. His supporters - over 8,000 of them - were served food by the organizers. \"If the government wants to play kabaddi with us, we are ready to play with them,\" Ramdev told reporters, turning down all requests from the police to leave.He and his men have emerged as a major headache for the cops, particularly because Independence Day is just a day away and the area has to be sanitized. There was speculation that there could be some %action at night though the police had shown admirable restraint through the day.After deferring the \"big announcement\" of the phase two of his campaign a couple of times, Baba Ramdev on Monday morning finally gave directions to his euphoric supporters to sport black bands and court arrest.As early as 8.15 am, Ramdev had begun to urge his supporters at Ramlila Maidan to pack their bags and be prepared to be detained. This charged up the crowd.\"We will do a dharna today outside Parliament. Our fight doesn't end here, it only starts here. Our aim should be that by the next general elections in 2013 or 2014, not a single corrupt person should be in Parliament. We will not let the corrupt party win. I will tell you before the elections which party should get your support. The first call for uprising has gone out - Congress hatao, desh bachao,\" he told his supporters.Though Baba had been insisting since the beginning of his fast that he has no political agenda or ambition, his alliance with political parties became apparent as prominent leaders, including BJP president Nitin Gadkari , and Sharad Yadav of JD (U), besides others, turned up to support him. Most of his supporters did not mind.\"The current government has to fall. I trust Baba's methods. I am also sure that Baba has no political ambitions. He is only going to make sure that corruption is eradicated,\" said Ramakant Pandey, a retired Patna University professor.When asked how Baba could get cosy with the BJP after its role in illegal mining in Karnataka, a supporter, Agnivesh, retorted: \"We know that none of the parties us clean. It's only Baba's political strategy to convey a lesson. I don't think we should misunderstand him.\"Around 1 pm, Baba tied a black band around his head. People backstage followed suit. A Gypsy was decked up with posters and flags at the VVIP gate behind the stage. When the moment approached and media waited with cameras, Baba quietly headed for another gate.The yoga guru reappeared, boarded the Gypsy and began moving, followed by thousands. It looked like a sea of swaying tricolours from a distance.Baba's close aide trade and food policy analyst Devinder Sharma was very keen on courting arrest. \"I have no fear; in fact I am very excited. I believe in this campaign and I think Baba has come up with an excellent strategy that is difficult to be foiled by the government. But Baba has asked me not to join in courting arrest because of my heart problem,\" he said.\"So many freedom fighters have courted arrest and even sacrificed their lives for the nation. This is the least we can do,\" said Bharat, a student from Palwal in Haryana.Even after Ramdev was detained and taken towards Ambedkar Stadium, he was surrounded by thousands of his supporters. Nobody seemed to know for sure where they were going, but they were all certain they would follow him. Ramdev sat on top of a bus, giving interviews throughout the way. Occasionally, he would urge the crowd to move on, \"aage badho, chalte raho\", and then shotut, \"kala dhan laana hai, desh ko bachana hai\" It took several hours for the crowd to reach the main road after leaving the Maidan, and instead of going towards Bawana, they finally landed in Ambedkar Stadium.The atmosphere inside the stadium remained electric long after the sun had set. People sat on the grass, shouted slogans, and ran around with flags. \"I'm not going anywhere. Till Ramdev is here I will be here. I'll go where he does, eat what he does and do what he does,\" said Ranjit Singh, who has just finished college.(With inputs from Jayashree Nandi, Prerna Sodhi, Esha Mahajan and Manash Pratim Gohain)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484277", "title": "Work in India no more a slog, says global study", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is a country of contradictions. This is evident from its score in a global study on corporate work-life balance. According to the study, which shows a worldwide improvement in work-life balance since 2010, India doesn't fare too badly. But it doesn't fare too well either.The study conducted by Regus, a flexible workplace provider, surveyed over 16,000 professionals in 86 countries. It shows a 24% rise in work-life balance in 2012 as compared to 2010, with more than 60% saying this balance had improved since 2010.While 69% enjoyed work more than in 2010, 59% were happy with the amount of time they spent with their family. Over two-fifths felt their companies were actively involved in reducing staff commutes, with India ranked No 2 where professionals feel this way. Take the case of a Gurgaon media professional who would commute daily to Noida. His company now allows him to work from home. The biggest improvement in work-life balance, the study found, was for BRIC countries. India tops countries whose professionals say they are achieving more at work now than in 2010.But India is also high on the list where professionals who had taken on additional work during recession say these duties are yet to be assigned to a new staffer. China and India are the top nations where employees spend more time at work and less with family. in stark contrast to countries like Netherland and Australia.Indian academician Ashutosh Mishra, who lives in Australia, saw a dramatic improvement in work-life balance ever since he left India. \"In India, I worked on Saturdays and received office calls all through the weekend. I was exhausted and had little time for family. In Australia, everyone from the director of my institute to colleagues and friends take family time very seriously,\" says Mishra. He now spends weekends golfing, taking his kids for a swim and watching movies and rugby matches.Paritosh Mishra, who worked in the Indian corporate sector for 15 years before shifting to Australia, says that working beyond 5 pm there is seen as a sign of inefficiency.Madhukar Kamath, CEO and MD, Mudra, says that while every company wishes to achieve this balance, it's not high priority, though a gradual move towards it is being made. It makes sense to do so. \"Lack of family time greatly contributes to mental health issues,\" says B N Gangadhar, professor of psychiatry, Nimhans, Bangalore.But there is a reason why India had poor work-life balance. R N Sharma, former professor, Tata Institute of Social Sciences, says it had much to do with the complete dismantling of labour movements in India. \"Foot-loose labour, once meant for hawkers, now applies to white-collar workers too. With weakening labour movements, employees don't have bargaining power.\"But Chandrajit Banerjee, DG of CII, says India is at a stage in its economy where the work force needs to put in more hours. But many companies, he says, are helping employees achieve a better balance, be it flexible work options or engaging their families.\"As Indians, we love work. We work two Saturdays a month, 48 hours a week. We don't go for holidays every quarter or an outing every weekend,\" says Dr Gibson Vedamani, former CEO, Retailers' Association of India. This isn't necessarily unhealthy, he says. \"In India, we're in touch with home even during work.\"Milind Sarwate, group CFO, Marico, says, \"If you're working from 9 am-6 pm, it doesn't mean you won't take personal calls or check Facebook.\" He has a problem with the term work-life balance. \"Isn't work a subset of life?''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15484766", "title": "Students' union poll: Day of nominations and ruckus", "text": "JAIPUR: It was a free day for student leaders to flaunt their money and muscle power as they filed nominations for the student union elections. And the incessant rain since morning failed to deter their supporters from pouring in large numbers. The unexpected crowd, police say, has halted the traffic many times on JLN Marg and Tonk Road.Candidates of major parties ---ABVP and NSUI --- filed their nominations amid fanfare and violation of rules. The Lyngdoh committee recommendations were thrown to the winds. The members of ABVP panel, headed by presidential candidate Rajesh Meena, stood atop a traffic post opposite RU building and waved flags for 15 minutes uninterrupted by police.NSUI's presidential candidate Vidhyadhar Meel made a quiet entry through the service lane. \"I will win on the basis of my personal character and party ideology,\" said Meel.Meanwhile, some independent candidates turned out to be more crowd pullers than party candidates. Chandrashekar Vishnoi, an NSUI rebel, brought nearly 300 students for filing nominations. He also addressed students from Rabindranath Tagore statue while police and RU officials turned a blind eye.\"NSUI and ABVP both play caste politics. I am happy not to have affiliations with either of them,\" said Vishnoi, while challenging RU V-C BL Sharma saying: \"If I come to power or not, I will force VC to withdraw police cases against student leaders.\"Some contestants found unique ways to draw students and media's attention. Vimal Chaudhary adorned a bald look to protest his rejection by NSUI. Newly formed parties also made their presence felt. This include People's Green Party who introduced their panel.For some, it were a moment of fame, while others fumbled many times while speaking to media. All candidates had few things in common -- white shirt, garland and constant smile. At few occasions, police used mild force either to keep two students groups away or controlling unruly students.The patch between Jawahar Kala Kendra and JDA centre was the centre of hooliganism as it has two important constituent colleges---Commerce College and Rajasthan College.Altogether, there are 108 contestants in the fray for the post of president, vice-president, general secretary, joint secretary and research representatives.Nineteen are vying for the post of president. For vice-president, 60 students have filed nomination while 20 have filed papers for the posts of general secretary and nine each for joint secretary and research representatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15483304", "title": "No police station visit for women, child witnesses", "text": "MUMBAI: Women, children and the infirm have something to thank the Bombay high court and the state police for. They can no longer be called to the police station to get their statements recorded as witnesses or informants. Instead, the police will send an officer to their house.Additional public prosecutor Ajay Gadkari recently presented a circular issued by the director general of police, which promises to enforce the already existing provision. The circular states that the police have to abide by Section 160 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) in this regard.The section deals with cops' powers to seek attendance of witnesses at a police station. It specifically provides that \"no male person under the age of 15 years and no woman shall be required to attend any place other than their residence\" when the police want to record their statements. The DGP added the \"physically infirm\" to that category.The circular satisfied a bench of Justices Ajay Khanwilkar and A R Joshi, who took it on record. Now, it would benefit women and children across the state, who till now had to go through the trouble of visiting a police station even as a witness.The development followed a petition by a woman through her lawyer S Kunjuraman, who contended that the police were not taking cognizance of a complaint she had made and not registering an FIR against her landlord for alleged trespass and other offences.The HC found that the offence ought to be registered and had earlier directed the police to do so. When the state said she could go to the police station where her statement would be recorded, the judges were not pleased. The court pointed out how the police were flouting legal provisions of Section 160 of the CrPC by often forcing women and children to remain present at police stations to record their statements as witnesses or complainants. The court earlier passed oral directions asking the state to take steps to implement the provisions.The DGP's circular was issued last month and the court was informed of its compliance on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15483909", "title": "JMM activists play surveillance cops in Jamshedpur", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Perhaps, realising that the irregular attendance of the state government employees in their respective departments is affecting smooth functioning of the business vis-a-vis execution of welfare schemes is concerned the district unit of the ruling Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) has embarked upon a mission to make the employees adhere to the working hours, thoroughly.In an apparent, first of its kind initiative, the East Singhbhum party unit of the JMM, conducted surveillance in the Deputy Commissioner (DC's) office on Monday, to determine how many employees fail to report on duty, on time.\"Surprisingly, over dozen employees including a senior official in the land and revenue department didn't report on duty till 11a.m. (office hours begin at 10.a.m.),\" said the district unit president of the party, Ramesh Hansda. He also said that motor vehicle inspection office and industry department office were closed.The JMM, which was on a confrontatist path for some time with the district administration, is now on a course to teach lesson to the government employees who are casual about their duty hours.\"The recoded visual clippings have been submitted to deputy commissioner Himani Pandey's office for action against the insincere employees,\" said Hansda adding that on Tuesday they will also furnish a copy of the video clippings to the party leader and deputy CM Hemant Soren who will arrive here to hoist the national flag on August 15.\"The insincere and irresponsible conduct of the government employees is costing dearer to the state government as far as image is concerned so, is why we took up this step,\" said Hansda.He said his party will replicate this exercise in the block level, also. \"Day to day public work is administrated by the ground level personnel and hence they need to be monitored from close quarters,\"said a party functionary.The non-gazetted employees of the state government had gone on strike for over a week in the district seeking arrest of Hansda for allegedly assaulting a clerk, Babulal Tudu, in the SDO office following brawlover issuance of caste certificate on July 11, this year. They returned to work after Hansda courted arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484272", "title": "Manipur youth beaten up in Hadapsar", "text": "PUNE: An 18-year-old youth from Manipur was severely thrashed by a group of seven to eight people at Vaiduwadi in Hadapsar around 8 pm on Saturday.Premanand Khomdram, who works in a shop on Fergusson College Road, told TOI that he was attacked by some people while he was on his way home near Ramtekdi. \"I told them I am from Manipur, but they were in no mood to listen,\" he said.Khomdram said he initially managed to give them the slip, but the attackers soon caught up with him. They took him to a secluded place and thrashed him severely. \"I showed them my driving licence, which is from Manipur. On seeing that they left from the spot,\" he said.He said he called the police control room. The police came and asked him to go to the Sassoon hospital for treatment. He went to Sassoon from where his friend took him to a private hospital. At present, Khomdram is recovering from his injuries at home.No case has been registered in this regard with the city police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484276", "title": "Residential society chose rainwater harvesting to tackle water problem", "text": "PUNE: Till 2002, the 57 flats of Greenland-2 society in Vimannagar had a huge water problem. Their borewell would dry up, and the dependency on two water tankers per day throughout the year boiled down to about Rs 25,000 a month.The society then installed a rainwater harvesting system in 2003 by spending Rs 52,000 and the borewell yield increased to nine hours a day from just one. And now, when citizens across Pune are grappling with water shortage, Greenland-2 society residents have not commissioned a single water tanker since December 2009.Col Shashikant Dalvi (retd), the chairman, had designed and implemented the rooftop rainwater harvesting (RWH) project. \"On the completion of the RWH project in 2003, our borewell yield went up to nine hours a day. Now, a single borewell gives us 24-hours of water, and we have not felt the need to call for a water tanker,\" he said.For the 175-odd residents of this society, water tanker dependency has been reduced to zero, while water shortage in the rest of the city has not affected them at all. \"The system has helped us save water and money. The amount of water a tanker carries is about roughly 12,000 liters. Since we have cut our tanker requirement to zero, we have helped save approximately 24,000 liters per day,\" said Dalvi.What works for them can work for many societies in the city. Dalvi works out the mathematics for RWH. \"Pune's standard rainfall is 770 mm/year. A 1,000 sq ft rooftop area yields about 70,000 liters of rainwater per year. This means that one acre of rooftop area can yield 25 lakh liters of rain water,\" said Dalvi adding that there are many societies in Vimannagar who need 20 to 25 tankers per day.Dalvi said that RWH means channelizing rainwater falling on the rooftop or other catchment areas, through drain pipes and a filtration system into a storage place like an open well, borewell, or underground tanks. \"Rainwater flows through pipes fitted with a filter assembly. The flush valve is kept open in the beginning of the monsoon for two to three hours to avoid acid rain. Later, the filter catches the impurities in water passing through it. The water then passes through the underground pipes into the borewell,\" he said, adding that there are eight such pipes in the society.Their effort has also raised the local area water table. \"The quality of water improves with passage of times. The civic body gives a five per cent incentive to the society for its RWH project,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15485767", "title": "Grameen bank empowers ragpickers in Dharwad", "text": "DHARWAD: The Karnataka Vikas Grameena Bank has brought out a new scheme for the benefit of ragpickers in Dharwad. Laxmisinganakere in Dharwad is the dwelling place of the ragpickers, who belong to the Gosavi clan.The ragpickers were informed of the importance of saving and other nuances of banking like rate of interest, pass book etc. After nearly a month of persuasion, hundred members were proud owners of SB accounts.Bank had arranged to get the photographs for opening the accounts at its own cost. The Samudaya Bhavan turned into a temporary bank. The owner of a teashop and telephone booth in the area, Geeta Patil, did the job of collecting the savings, filling challan, depositing the collected amount to the bank and getting the pass-book updated.Two self-help groups were set up with 28 and 15 members. These groups were linked to bank credit. The loan amount sanctioned is distributed to the individual members by the group. While some want to purchase sewing machines, others want to purchase some small machines.The two groups are disciplined. They meet at the appointed time at the Samudaya Bhavan. Many ragpickers have also been given ATM cards so that they can draw money after banking hours and avoid borrowing from others. \"The ragpickers dream of sending their kids to school. They will never stoop to begging. Society has a lot to learn from them,\" said Ullas Gunaga, PRO, KVGB.Ratna, a ragpicker, who is now a member of the SHG, said: \"We are happy that we also have bank account. It gives a feeling that we are socially developing too. I will buy a sewing machine. I am planning to stop collecting rags, if everything goes well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15485260", "title": "Cops arrest five for attempting to rob petrol bunks in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: Police, on Monday, arrested five youngsters for allegedly attempting to rob four petrol bunks in the city. The arrested were identified as Akhil Shaji, (20), Aran John (21), of Kaloor, Asif (20), of Vazhakkala, Vinod Subhash (22) of Thrikakkara and Antony Jerry Augustine (20) of Thammanam.The five were arrested by a police team led by Thrikakkara sub inspector Abdul Sathar. \"We managed to nab the accused after we traced the registration number of the scooter used by the accused to commit the robbery. The image of the scooter was captured by one of the surveillance cameras installed at the pump,\" said Abdul Sathar.Police said that the accused were arrested from various places in the city. Police managed to trace the gang members after they zeroed in on an accused who was riding the scooter at Vazhakala.The accused made attempts at four petrol bunks in the city between 12.30am and 2.30am on Thursday. They first targeted two petrol bunks at Edapally and later at bunks in Thrikkakara and Kalamassery, respectively. Though the accused attempted to rob the staff at the four petrol bunks, their attempts went in vain and they could manage to snatch only a mobile phone from one of the staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15485160", "title": "Minister's kin gets relief in blackbuck poaching", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court has granted ad interim anticipatory bail to Maharashtra food and drugs minister Manoharrao Naik's nephew Anil Naik in the blackbuck poaching case.A blackbuck, listed under the Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act (WPA) 1972, was killed on the night of July 16 by eight persons. Naik was one of the accused and had been absconding after the incident.On July 31, Washim additional district sessions judge had rejected the anticipatory bail application of Naik and three other accused, Sanket Pawar, Kishore Chavan, and Shekhar Rathod. All the accused are residents of Gahuli village in Pusad.However, Naik appealed in the high court to seek relief. Hearing his plea on August 9, Justice SS Jadhav granted relief to Naik till August 28. Naik has been asked to appear before the investigating officer to record his statement on August 21 and 23.\"We will record his Naik statement and file our reply,\" said assistant conservator of forest (ACF) and investigating officer VG Tehre. He added that an autorickshaw and a motorcycle used in the crime have been confiscated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15484256", "title": "Man from Darjeeling attacked on NIBM Road", "text": "PUNE: Santbahadur Devan (21) from Darjeeling, who lives on Salunke Vihar road, was attacked by three or four people around 4 pm on Sunday.Devan, a cook, was on his way to the restaurant on NIBM Road where he works. Police said the attackers came in a car and thrashed him.They also tore his clothes and sped away. \"We have registered a non-cognizable offence in this regard,\" assistant commissioner of police (Wanowrie division) Vitthal Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15484482", "title": "Rs 2-crore water project for Kumbh at Trimbak", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Jeevan Pradhikaran (MJP), Nashik, is working on a new water supply project worth Rs 2 crore for Trimbakeshwar , considering the demand of water supply during the forthcoming Kumbh mela which the town will be co-hosting with Nashik city.Trimbakeshwar will be expected to have nearly 10lakh visitors per day during the mela and water requirements for this time are estimated at 43 million litres per day (MLD). MJP engineers have said that the water supply project is in its preliminary stage.\"Considering the requirement, flushing water from the Gautami-Godavari,is expected to be a herculean task, moreso since Nashik city requires 13 MLD of water per day. The MJP therefore is planning to install six low capacity pumps to lift and fill water in Ganga Sagar Talav. They are expected to start their job six days prior to 'Shahi Snan' (holy dip),\" a senior MJP official said.Officials added that installing higher capacity pumps has been ruled out due to maintenance and recurring expenses involved.The cost of installing smaller pumps were being calculated in such a manner that the Trimabak Municipal Council would be able to alternatively use four pumps daily to meet their requirements and would still have two in stand-by mode, officials added.Reportedly, MLC Jayant Jadhav after discussions with the council, has already allotted Rs 15 lakh from his development fund.\"Many issues are being worked out including locating space for raising infrastructure. Estimates are also being prepared to ensure the plan is outlined correctly so it can be executed smoothly,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15484416", "title": "De-listing palace not licence to defile", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Did the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) lay down conditions before de-listing the Moti Shahi palace from the protected-structure category? Officials investigating the ownership details of the palace say the ASI had advised the state government that the monument should be treated as an archeologically important building. The palace was de-listed to be used as the Raj Bhavan, or the Governor's House, when the state of Gujarat came into existence on May 1, 1960.\"The ASI had written a letter on March 22, 1979, soon after the Gujarat government endowed the property to the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Memorial Society (SVPMS),\" said a senior revenue department official. \"This letter was a reminder from the ASI of the conditions that were agreed upon when the responsibility for the monument was handed over to the Gujarat government in 1961.\" The official added: \"We are trying to determine whether the ASI had wanted the current caretakers to secure the approval of the Gujarat archaeology department, or the roads and buildings department, to make any changes or additions to the monument.\"The SVPMS was officially given the responsibility of conservation and preservation of the palace on August 18, 1979. \"We are attempting to ascertain if conditions were laid out by the state government in relation to the general upkeep of the monument,\" the official said.According to records available with the city survey department superintendent, the palace and the large area around the complex was called the 'Mehrban Commissioner Bungalow'. This was the official residence of Ahmedabad divisional commissioner till the late 1950s. Records also show the current occupants of the palace as the SVPMS.\"The entry of SVPMS's name into the property card of the palace was made on February 22, 2005,\" the official said. \"Till then, the land and the property belonged to the state government. The property was endowed to the society by the revenue department.\" The official said the document mentions that the chairman of the society had made a request to the government to effect the transfer.The total area of palace complex in the city survey records is stated as 35,979 square metres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15483484", "title": "Economic offences wing arrests Bimal Agarwal in bomb suit case", "text": "MUMBAI: The economic offences wing (EOW) on Monday arrested city-based businessman Bimal Agarwal for cheating the state government of Rs 6.25 crore by giving low-quality bomb disposal suits. Agarwal had bagged a tender to provide 82 bomb disposal suits to the state.The arrest came after a sessions court rejected the anticipatory bail applications of both Agarwal and his wife Bina.Agarwal will be produced before a court on Tuesday. His two bank accounts were frozen in March this year.The court rejected the bail applications after allowing attempts at mediation that eventually failed. The prosecution, through special public prosecutor Raja Thakre, had sought a Rs 10-crore bank guarantee to be given to the DGP's office, but defence lawyer Vibhav Bagade said his client was ready to give a Rs 6.5-crore guarantee, which was equivalent to the tender amount. A consensus could not be reached and the court posted the matter for final orders.Following the 26/11 attacks, the DGP's office issued tenders for 74 bomb disposal suits in December 2008 and eight suits in February 2009. A contract for 82 suits was awarded to Agarwal and a payment of Rs 6.25 crore was made to him on March 31, 2009. However, he failed to deliver a single bomb disposal suit.TOI, on September 29, 2011, had reported how the state had paid the businessman the full amount but not a single suit was delivered. The home department has contended that the suits that have been viewed don't conform to the tender conditions and the trader is not prepared for pre-delivery inspection of all the goods.Home minister R R Patil had then said that since Agarwal was not prepared for pre-delivery inspection and verification of the goods as per the tender conditions, the entire contract should be cancelled. Patil also ordered other payments to the businessman to be stopped, which might have gone up to Rs 10-13 crore. Sources said Agarwal also secured orders to supply multi-utility police belts and uniform items (like caps), etc. The case was initially handed to the Anti-Corruption Bureau and then the EOW.In his bail application, Agarwal had alleged that he was falsely implicated by some senior IPS officers. He further stated that the fact of failure to perform as per the tender document had already been brought to the notice of the Bombay High Court and the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15485526", "title": "Lady doctor locks son herself in room, saved after four days", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A lady doctor and her 11-year-old son, who were locked up inside their apartment at Nanthancode for the last four days were saved by fire and rescue services personnel on Monday. The incident occurred at Heera Apartments at Palachira near Nanthencode.According to the fire and rescue services officials, the 40-year-old lady doctor, who was mentally disturbed, had locked herself and her son, who suffers from autism , in their apartment. The neighbours who noticed that the mother and the son have not stepped out of the residence for four days, alerted the relatives who in turn informed the officials. When the officials approached the apartment, the mother reacted violently.Both of them were brought out of the room in a rescue operation that lasted for 45 minutes. The woman's husband is working abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15485185", "title": "Ocenarium project: Mangroves to be replanted in Maradu", "text": "KOCHI: Having learnt the lessons from the earlier failures to get environment clearances for projects planned in the coastal regulation zone (CRZ), the state government has decided to replant the mangroves uprooted for the Kochi Oceanarium project in the backwaters of Maradu.The Rs 480-crore project is a public private partnership (PPP) initiative of State Fisheries Resource Management Society (FIRMA) and is coming up on a 50-acre land in Puthuvypeen.FIRMA officials said that since Maradu and Puthuvypeen have the same ecosystem, more mangroves of similar varieties will be planted. \"We are following the instructions of the Kerala State Coastal Zone Management Authority (KSCZMA). It had stated that mangroves will have to be replanted before we apply for the Environment Impact Assessment (EIA),\" said S Sahadevan, executive director, FIRMA. He said 34.5 acres of land have been identified in Maradu panchayat for the purpose. FIRMA, which had offered a proposal to relocate the flora and fauna of the Puthuvypeen area, had also promised that it would plant all varieties of mangroves present in the project land at the selected site.Officials from the FIRMA have visited the Maradu to verify the land details. A Special Project Vehicle (SPV) company has been set up on PPP basis with 26% government equity. The company Kerala Oceaanic &amp; Marine Park Ltd (KOMPL) has been formed with seven promoters for the conceptualization, execution, commissioning and continued operation of Oceanarium complex.While companies have expressed interest in bidding for the project, the fear of not getting an Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) clearance, which is an important factor in a project of this scale, has kept many players away, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15485804", "title": "Bad patches, potholes galore", "text": "BHOPAL: Bad patches on roads and potholes continue to make it difficult for city commuters to drive especially during the monsoon season.\"My shoulder was dislocated after a sudden jerk in New Market area,\" said Arun Bagde, a resident of New Market. \"Last evening, when I was returning from work, I bumped into a pothole and the sudden jerk caused shoulder dislocation,\" he added.In another incident, Abhinav Saxena and Anuj Sinha, a chartered accountant and a student were returning home, skid due to a pothole at the 7 No. square. \"It was a Sunday evening and we were just on an outing when my bike suddenly bumped into a pothole and I fell on the road bruising my hands and face,\" Abhinav Saxena said. \"Anuj, who is a friend of mine, was also with me and he hurt his knee,\" he added.\"The pothole is right in the middle of the road and is quite dangerous,\" Anuj said.Mayank Verma, Rinku Chouhan and Anshul Dubey faced similar minor accidents near Bittan Market and Rangmahal square.Major junctions of the city including 7 No., New Market, Bittan market, Rangmahal square and Polytechnic square have potholes on the roads, making it inconvenient for commuters to drive.\"We have asked contractors to repair the roads, but due to continuous rainfall, we are helpless,\" Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) additional commissioner Pramod Shukla said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15485384", "title": "Zilla Parishad students awaiting their uniforms", "text": "WARDHA: In what can be termed as non-compliance of norms under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan in the district, the agencies concerned have failed to distribute school uniforms, compelling students to attend classes in civil dresses or old uniforms. Notably, the uniforms need to be distributed before August 15. According to provisions of the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, the government provides uniforms to all girls, ST, NT and BPL students from Std I to VII.It's been more than one-and-a-half month since schools have reopened. Most of the students who have not received uniforms belong to ZP schools. On July 17, a meeting was held at Panchayat Samiti Sabhagruh to discuss the issue. All the headmasters of ZP schools, members of school management committee (SMC), cloth vendors (contractors) and some ZP leaders were present.Dipak Sane, block education officer, Wardha Panchayat Samiti said, \"I have directed the headmasters of ZP schools that every student must be in uniform before the I-day.\" A ZP official, however, said, 'We are yet to receive funds for procuring uniforms.\"Chief executive officer of ZP, Shekhar Channe, said, \"Earlier, we got cloth from the state government so distributing uniforms was our responsibility, but now the local SMC looks after this. I hope uniforms are provided before I-day.\"Admitting the lapse, district primary education officer Haridas Bambude, said, \"It's true not only for Wardha but for the entire state. We have received money on Monday. It will be given to four blocks of the district. As far as another four blocks are concerned, we have submitted our proposals and are awaiting response from the higher ups.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15485081", "title": "\u2018Presence of outsiders in NE an issue\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the repercussions of anti-migrant violence in lower Assam are being felt far beyond the state's borders, another Congress chief minister from the northeast has expressed concern over illegal immigration from Bangladesh.Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma said there was a need for a more holistic effort to address the issue of outsiders in the northeast. He called for a new mechanism for identifying illegal immigrants and a robust border management system.\"The issue needs to be dealt with in much more holistic manner. Instead of blame game the best approach would be to engage every stakeholder, including organizations representing various communities,\" Sangma said.He said there was a need to address the issue of both influx (of Indian citizens from outside) and immigration (of illegal immigrants from Bangladesh). \"Both are issues for northeastern states, even for Meghalaya,\" he said. \"What is necessary is to dispel apprehensions,\" he said. \"Certain groups are perceived to be trying to increase their presence, so there is a sense of insecurity among other communities,\" Sangma said.\"Illegal immigration need not be confined to one community. Instead of singling out one community, let us talk about illegal immigration holistically. Scales may be more in case of one community. It is important to get all stakeholders to identify illegal immigration and take action,\" he said.The solution for illegal immigration, Sangma said, was to introduce a \"comprehensive border management\", which should include upping economic activity across the border by promoting trade and commerce between neighbouring countries. He said it was necessary to \"proactively upscale living conditions on both sides of the border and reduce tendency for illegal migration\". The Meghalaya CM said his government had been organizing two 'border haats' to promote trade across the border, and it could be replicated all along the Indo-Bangla border. Sangma said he conveyed his views on the issue on Sunday, when he met the recently appointed home minister Sushilkumar Shinde .The issue of illegal immigrants and presence of Indians from other parts in north-east are issues not just limited to Assam, but was a concern for other states too, he said. In January, 2011, Meghalaya had witnessed ethnic strife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15484971", "title": "Barapullah second loop to open today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The second Barapullah loop connecting Lala Lajpat Rai Marg to the elevated Road will be opened to public on Tuesday morning.It will now be possible to zip from Lala Lajpat Rai Marg to east Delhi on the Barapullah elevated road, with the slip road above Sunehri Nullah acting as an access point for traffic coming from ITO along Lala Lajpat Rai Marg to the elevated road towards east Delhi. \"Those travelling from ITO will be able to get on to the elevated road via a loop near Aman Hotel and can drive down to Sarai Kale Khan avoiding traffic on Ring Road,\" said a PWD officer involved with the project.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit will inaugurate the second loop at 11.15am in the presence of PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan.The elevated road will now have three entry and three exit points. Motorists can get on to the elevated road from east Delhi near Sarai Kale Khan to go towards south Delhi or get on near Lodhi Road to go towards east Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15483925", "title": "State inks pact for scientific compilation of data", "text": "RANCHI: The state government on Monday signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the Central Statistical Organization (CSO) of the Union statistics and programme implementation ministry for scientific compilation of data in Jharkhand.The MoU was signed by state planning secretary Avinash Kumar and joint secretary of CSO Arvind Kumar in the presence of chief minister Arjun Munda , and his cabinet colleagues Mathura Prasad Mahato and Vimla Pradhan.Sources in the planning department said at present the state did not have the data for most of the activities which can be used to make future planning to improve living of people in remote areas of the state. \"We expect that compilation of data related to health condition and healthcare facilities will help in making an effective future strategy for the state,\" said a source.The chief minister said most of the time the government felt handicap in making long term plans in absence of authentic date. \"We are not able to prioritize development plans for masses,\" said the chief minister. \"In the absence of authentic data, we are also not able to compare and analyze the percolation of welfare schemes to people in remote areas. At the same time, we are also not able to fix target for various schemes. We expect that data compilation will also help in assessing the need of funds mobilization with respect to the state gross domestic product.\"Munda also expressed hope that based on the scientific data that would be available in coming days, the government would be in a condition to make survey for agriculture and availability of potable water.Union statistics and programme implementation secretary TCA Anant said the state would also soon have the capability to compile and analyze data which would match international standard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15485158", "title": "Heavy load-shedding force thieves to pay up", "text": "NAGPUR: MSEDCL's policy to enforce prolonged power cuts in high loss areas have started bearing fruits as the revenue has increased significantly. Not only power thieves are applying for legal connection but also the defaulters have started paying their bills. Maximum impact of this policy has taken place in Marathwada region, where power theft is most rampant.An MSEDCL official said that in April only three out of 21 big towns in Marathwada were free from load shedding as the distribution and collection losses (DCL) were below 34%. Now due to significant increase in revenue collection, 14 towns have become load shedding free. The DCL category of the remaining seven has changed reducing load shedding.As per MSEDCL's current load shedding plan, towns and cities having DCL below 34% do not undergo any power cuts. However, if the loss is even slightly above 34% the duration of load shedding is 5.30 hours. MSEDCL divisions and 11 KV feeders have been categorized on the basis of losses. For every higher loss category the load shedding duration increases significantly. The highest loss category has to face 11 hour power cut.\"When we enforced heavy load shedding there was tremendous discontent in these towns. However, they soon realized that unless they stopped pilfering and started paying their bills they will face load shedding. This strong stand worked and the revenue in July was almost double than that of April,\" he said.The pilgrimage town of Tuljapur showed maximum increase in monthly revenue. In April it was Rs1.75 crore. It has increased to Rs4.62 crore in July. The revenue collected from Beed, Ambejogai and Parli also show significant hike.While MSEDCL is getting the desired results from its load shedding plan, most consumer activists are opposed to it. They stress that MSEDCL does not have the right to collectively punish residents of high loss areas as it was the company's job to stop power pilferage. However, Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) is apparently in favour of MSEDCL's approach.On July 10, a hearing was held in MERC on MSEDCL's load shedding plan. Consumer activist Pratap Hogade had pointed out that MSEDCL has changed it without bothering to consult MERC, which was mandatory. MSEDCL managing director Ajoy Mehta had told the Commission that it was not possible to reduce loss without collective punishment. MERC chairman V P Raja had then asked Hogade to propose alternate measures of collective punishment.MERC had held hearings on 'MSEDCL's road map for a load-shedding free state' along with that of its tariff petition in July. However, MSEDCL has implemented the plan as there is little possibility of MERC quashing it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15485251", "title": "More districts to be 'nokkukooli-free'", "text": "KOCHI: Three more districts - Kollam, Thrissur and Kozhikode - are likely to be declared 'nokkukooli-free' later this month or early September. Thiruvananthapuram and Ernakulam were declared free of this menace some time ago.Labour commissioner T T Antony told TOI here that the rates for loading and unloading (of various items) in these three districts had been worked out and would be published when the project is formally launched.People would have to pay only the fixed rates and could approach the labour department in case they had any complaints, he said.At present, the rates vary from district to district. The labour department had launched an initiative to introduce uniform rates across the state by next January, said Anil Kumar, assistant labour commissioner.According to labour department officials, the initiative has evoked a positive response in Thiruvananthapuram and Kochi, where it was implemented as part of the '100-day programme' of the present government. \"We have so far received only 10 to 12 complaints against headload workers,\" said E V Narayanan Namboodiri, Ernakulam district labour officer.He, however, conceded that the figure might not fully reflect the reality as many people refrained from complaining due to the fear factor. Labour cards of five headload workers were suspended in Ernakulam district in the last couple of months for demanding rates higher than those fixed, according to the Kerala Headload Workers' Welfare Board (KHWWB) officials.\"We have been getting only three-four complaints a month in Thiruvananthapuram also. We have taken strong action against the offenders. The labour cards of seven workers were suspended at Keezharoor, near Parassala, in June for harassing a family which was shifting house,\" Anil Kumar said.CITU and INTUC leaders said they would continue to support the project when the initiative is extended to other districts. \"CITU will not support anyone demanding wages without doing any work. We consider it a bourgeois tendency,\" said M M Lawrence, CITU leader. \"INTUC will support any initiative to curb 'nokkukooli' all over the state,\" said K C Haridas, INTUC leader and chairman of KHWWB. BMS leaders however said they were not ready to 'unilaterally condemn nokkukooli'.\"Many headload workers are losing jobs because of mechanization, and they have a right to demand compensation. We are opposed to the circular issued by the director general of police saying criminal cases would be registered against those demanding 'nokkukooli' as it does not take into account the condition of workers losing jobs because of mechanization in sectors like construction. BMS is launching a workers' strike from August 22. The withdrawal of DGP's circular will be one of our main demands,\" said V Radhakrishnan, leader, BMS headload workers' wing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15485336", "title": "Great expectations from 'our' civic chief", "text": "NAGPUR: The people of Nagpur have great expectations from new municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane, more so because he hails from the city.In general, Nagpurians believe that every facet of the city's infrastructure needs some serious thought and deliberation. They expect the civic chief to ensure good, motorable roads, remove encroachments from footpaths and roads, expedite projects and solve long pending issues pertaining to city bus service.Wardhane is the second municipal commissioner to hail the city. Before him, Nanak Ramteke, a resident of Indora, was municipal commissioner for five months in early 2000, before T Chandrashekhar.Traffic expert Vinay Kunte said that being a local, Wardhane has firsthand experience of corruption and arrogance of staff in the tax department of Dharampeth Zone. \"I think he should start his clean up act from there. Next, he can ensure all traffic lights are working. Changing fused bulbs does not cost a lot of money.\"He added that repairs of potholes should be taken up after the monsoons end. Side by side, the drive against unauthorized constructions should also be started. People littering and spitting on the road should be taught a lesson in cleanliness with strict action. Every service provided by NMC must have a time limit, and no one should be allowed to sit on a file to demand bribes, Kunte said.Endorsing Kunte, social activist and lawyer Tushar Mandlekar said the city needs better roads. The emphasis should be on building 'sustainable' roads that do not wash away every monsoon. He also expressed the need to improve the city bus service with appropriate linkages for people's convenience. \"We should not be looking at introducing another mode of mass transport, as it makes more sense to improve and integrate the existing ones,\" he said.Dinesh Naidu, secretary, Parivartan - The Citizens' Forum, said the new commissioner has two distinct advantages. First, he is from Nagpur and will not consider it a punishment posting; second, with his experience in the urban development department he understands the needs of a growing city and can take effective and appropriate measures.\"My expectation from him is that he should not be fazed by the political circus in Nagpur and focus on 360 degree development, like Dr T Chandrashekhar,\" said Naidu.Environmental activist Shrikant Deshpande said that apart from city's infrastructure, Wardhane should take efforts to strike a balance between environment protection and urban development while making plans for the city.A section of NMC teachers said on condition of anonymity that the civic chief should also work to improve quality of education in NMC schools, which is still a worrisome factor. Thousands of children from poor backgrounds study in these schools, so holistic efforts are required to ensure education here is at par with private schools, they said.\"I would also suggest that NMC focus more on these schools to inculcate values among children for a strong moral foundation,\" said a woman teacher.Former corporator Manoj Sangole said equitable distribution of water and removal of encroachments must be the priorities for the new civic chief. \"He should also have the conviction to rid the civic body of corruption,\" he said.NMC union leader and activist Jammu Anand is enthusiastic about the welfare of civic employees and casual labours under Wardhane. He pointed out that Wardhane once represented the teachers' union in Sindhu Mahavidyalay, and so will take interest in employees welfare schemes.RTI activist and executive member of Grahak Panchayat (Nagpur) Harish Naidu has suggested that the city's finances should be managed properly; there is a need to create assets and reduce liabilities. It is important that they look at the future and work backwards. \"Wardhane needs to envisage what the requirements of the city would be 20 years from now and then look at the present to make adequate provisions for the future,\" Naidu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15484143", "title": "Desperate measures to fill vacant BBA seats in state", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A thousand seats are vacant in 16 BBA colleges in the state. To fill these seats, it has been decided to consider for admission those students who had failed in one subject in the HSC (general) stream exam and later passed the supplementary test held in July. Students have been directed to approach the colleges directly for admission from Tuesday.The admission committee officials said that 2,000 seats are vacant in commerce colleges. In this case too, students have been asked to approach colleges directly for admission from Tuesday.A committee of Gujarat University had recently decided to offer admission to students who had cleared the supplementary exams. The students will face a 15-mark cut per trial and if after the cut the students have the mandatory 45 per cent marks, they will be eligible for admission.The committee has decided not to sanction any further increase in the number of seats in BBA and BCom colleges.Authorities said that any college that admits more than 150 students will be penalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15484370", "title": "Wadala murder: Guard may be taken to crime site", "text": "MUMBAI: To understand the sequence of events that led to the murder of advocate Pallavi Purkayastha, the crime branch may take the accused watchman, Sajjad Mughal, to the site of crime. It was put on hold due to the Azad Maidan violence investigation, sources said.Mughal's DNA samples are also likely to be collected and matched with the blood stains found on Pallavi's body.Mughal was arrested last Friday and has been sent to police custody till August 17. He is accused of killing Pallavi after his failed attempt to rape her in her rented flat in Wadala.Joint commissioner of police Himanshu Roy said the home department on Monday approved appointment of Ujjwal Nikam as special public prosecutor in the case. Now, a nod to fast-track the case is awaited. Cops have recovered Pallavi's house keys from Mughal's house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15485626", "title": "How did proxies vote in university syndicate: Governor", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah has sought an explanation from the University of Madras about how three proxy members were permitted to cast their votes in selecting a syndicate representative to the three-member search committee for the new vice-chancellor.The Governor's three-member search panel is to select a successor to vice-chancellor G Thiruvasagam whose tenure ends in the first week of October.The panel comprises a representative from the university syndicate, another from the senate, while the third is a nominee of the Governor, who is also the chancellor of the university.It was at a special syndicate meeting of the university on July 20 that three government officials were allowed to cast their votes to select the syndicate representative to the Governor's vice-chancellor search panel. This was said to be a violation of Chapter 19 of the University of Madras Act.Despite a majority of the syndicate members objecting, vice-chancellor Thiruvasagam gave permission to the three proxy members to cast their votes. Section B, page 324 of the university act says \"All members present at the meeting shall be entitled to vote. No vote shall be given by proxy.\"The proxy votes had reportedly helped the government candidate win the election defeating S Sadhikh, former vice-chancellor of University of Madras, by 14 votes against the 10 votes cast by the academics' panel.Sadhikh was pitted against government nominee R Balasubramanian, former university professor and director of SRM University.Sources in Raj Bhavan said a letter had been sent to the VC of Madras University seeking an explanation following reports of proxy members being allowed to cast their votes. \"We are awaiting remarks from the university for further action,\" said an official.The government officials who attended the special syndicate meeting \u2014 Mudichudya Perumal, deputy health secretary on behalf of the health secretary; S Narayana Perumal, director-in-charge of legal studies department; and R Kathirvel, additional secretary of law, who attended the syndicate meeting on behalf of the law secretary \u2014 were permitted to vote.The July 20 meeting turned out to be a battle between two sections, one of academicians and the other of government representatives, after the vice-chancellor sought legal opinion on proxy votes from the additional secretary of law, who himself was a proxy.The decision of the vice-chancellor was opposed by academics and teaching faculty in the syndicate who termed it a violation of university rules.Eleven senior syndicate members gave letters of dissent to the VC and chancellor after the election.Vice-chancellor Thiruvasagam has refused to comment on the Governor's letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-14"}
