{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12512978", "title": "Dharnas don't solve issues: Ola", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress MP Sis Ram Ola on Monday said he would hold a farmers' assembly in Jhunjhunu later this month to press for the long pending demand of getting the Upper Yamuna waters for the Shekhawati region.The veteran Jat leader clarified that he was not planning to stage a dharna against his party government at the Center on the issue. The matter relates to the Yamuna canal project pending for more than three decades due to alleged inaction by the Centre and especially the Haryana government.\"The matter comes under the Union water resources minister, but the state governments of Rajasthan and Haryana have also not done anything about bringing drinking water to the region,\" Ola told TOI on Monday.The Lok Sabha MP from Jhunjhunu said the successive governments have failed to bring water to the Shekhawati region which had no source of drinking or irrigation water. \"Even Barmer and Jaisalmer have canal water but people in Sikar, Jhunjhunu and Churu districts are still suffering,\" Ola said.On his further course of action on the issue, the MP said, \"I have called the farmers' meeting on April 16. A collective decision will be taken there, but it will not be to stage a dharna. Dharnas have never solved any issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12512831", "title": "No breakthrough in missing boy's case", "text": "MYSORE: Parents of K M Darshan, a Class IX student of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (JNV) have no clue about his whereabouts. Darshan has been missing from March 30 while he was returning to Chamarajnagar from Madhya Pradesh after an exchange programme at a Navodaya school there.Darshan went missing from the train Jaipur-Mysore express at Ananthapuram in Andhra Pradesh while returning to Mysore.Darshan's mother, Uma, told TOI that the school has yet to contact the family. When TOI tried to contact Venketeshwaran, principal of JNV in Hondarbalhu in Chamarajanagar, on phone he did not take the call. However, he SMSed to say that he is in hospital attending to a relative.Chamarajanagar deputy commissioner K R Sundar said it was the responsibility of the teachers who were accompanying the 23 students to ensure their safety. \"I have directed Venketeshwaran to contact JNV principal in Madhya Pradesh to take action against two teachers, who were accompanied the students.\" SP Rajendra Prasad said he has assigned two police officers to the job and directed them to coordinate with railway department to trace Darshan. Rajendra Prasad said that he is trying to contact railway police of Andhra Pradesh for a breakthrough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12513095", "title": "Gananath Patra agrees to mediate", "text": "KORAPUT: Convener of Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh (CMAS) Gananath Patra said he will hold discussions with the government on the hostage crisis following state government's invitation but on certain conditions. \"If invited, I am ready to hold talks with the government on the legislator's kidnap issue and I know how to talk with the government. But before the talks resume the state should make its stand clear on the land, liquor and other issues for which the CMAS is fighting,\" said Patra during his production at a Jeypore court on Monday. \"The state government should sincerely try to address various issues of the CMAS,\" he added.\"Kidnapping the MLA is not the solution to the problems of tribals for which we are fighting in Narayanpatna. The state government should address the land problems of the tribals on a priority basis to restore peace,\" he said. \"The Maoists have a vision. They are not anarchist or terrorist as stated by the Union home minister P Chidambaram. Revolution will be there till exploiters are present in the society,\" he added.Further charging Chidambaram and labelling him as an agent of the US he said, \"Chidambaram is trying to control the Maoists revolution with an iron hand. He has asked the central forces to eliminate the top Maoist leaders and to lure the cadres to leave the organization that only exaggerates the situation.\"\"Deploying central forces has aggravated the situation as the securitymen torture the tribals and are involved in sexual assault during combing operations. The paramilitary forces have to be completely withdrawn or asked to stay in their fortified camps,\" he added.Since January 2010, Patra is in Koraput jail after he was arrested from Bhubaneswar for his involvement in six cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12512894", "title": "Now, IUML wants a Rajya Sabha seat", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Close on heels of K M Mani demanding a Rajya Sabha seat for KC(M), the IUML too has thrown its hat into the ring. The election to the upper house of parliament is coming up next month.IUML state general secretary E T Muhammed Basheer, on Monday, said the party deserves a seat in the Rajya Sabha. \"The demand is not a fresh one. The demand for fifth minister should not be clubbed with this,\" he said while talking to mediapersons in Tirur.He also said that CPM leaders are trying to communalize the IUML's demand for another minister in the cabinet.Finance minister and KC(M) leader K M Mani had recently said that his party would remain firm on its claim for a Rajya Sabha seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12513164", "title": "Tourists to be welcomed with grace and affection in the City of Nawabs", "text": "LUCKNOW: 'Muskuraiye ki aap Lucknow mein hai,' would become more realistic in the days to come for tourists visiting the city. This is because of the special training given to porters, vendors and taxi drivers by a state government-aided tourism institute on behavioural skills, and etiquettes. The training is also expected to create an atmosphere of hygiene among the trainees.\"Lucknow tehzeeb ka sheher hai. Isiliye jab koi bhi hamare sheher aata hai to hume is cheez ka vishesh dhyan rakhna chahiye (Lucknow is a city of 'tehzeeb'.Therefore, it is our prime duty to greet tourists visiting the city politely and help then whenever needed,'' says Jai Prakash Chaturvedi, a porter working at Charbagh railway station.As per him, the four-day training has given an insight into his behavior while he talks to the passengers.Arun Yadav, another porter, says he now carries his duties and responsibilities in a better way.Ask him how the training has benefitted him and pat comes the reply, We should keep all our problems away when it comes to greeting the tourists. After all, we will only get work if we succeed in convincing the tourists. Few respectable words and a smiling face can do wonders.''Seconding his thoughts was Bhairo Nath Gupta, a taxi driver. Having spent seven years of his service at Charbagh railway station, he says, \"The training gave us additional inputs which will help us attracting tourists. It also taught us that apart from doing our work, we should be able to give any sort of information about the city or railway station to the tourists.''Adds Ram Pal, another taxi driver, who is in the profession for the past 12 years, \"I realize that merely ferrying the tourist to his destination isn't enough. If we help them in picking their luggage, it adds to our value.''A vendor, Moolchand Singh, however, feels that a tourist is totally dependent on the station staff. \"Serving tea, coffee and snacks in a proper way is important. A railway station becomes a home for the people who have to wait for their trains for longer hours, and also for those who are new to the city,'' says Moolchand.Be it a taxi driver, porter or vendor, the training has raised a hope among the experts that soon, Lucknow will return to its old times where mannerism and beauty ruled.Nawab Mir Jafar Abdullah on the inauguration ceremony of the programme had expressed his hope that the training given to the porters, taxi drivers and vendors will some day restore the glory of the city.Director, Manyawar Kanshiram Institute of Tourism and Management (MKITM), Prof Manoj Dixit says, \"Charbagh is a gateway to Lucknow city. Therefore, vendors, coolies, taxi drivers are crucial links in the chain of service providers to tourists and visitors. Therefore, they should be trained well so that they carry out their services more effectively.'' The training is organized by MKITM.Half of the total taxi drivers, vendors and porters present at Charbagh have already received the training.The training being held in four batches aims to enhance behavioral skills among these people.Station manager, Amitabh Kumar who is actively involved in the training opines that not only providing better services, but the porters, vendors and taxi drivers should know the importance of hygiene.Only if they would be clean, and presentable, they will be able to attract more tourists,'' says Amitabh.Besides, the programme also creates awareness among the participants about the importance and advantages of tourism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12513295", "title": "You can replay sweet memories on demand now", "text": "WASHINGTON: Imagine recalling those favourite old memories with just the flip of a switch. Well, scientists at MIT claim it is possible to activate a memory on demand by stimulating only a few neurons of your brain with light. The technique, called optogenetics, is a medium that shows memories reside in specific cells in the brain and that they can be turned on, they said. The research , conducted on mice and published in journal Nature, gives scientists a way to explore myriad questions - how memories are preserved and recalled , and how they can erode over time.\"We demonstrate that behaviour based on high-level cognition, such as the expression of a specific memory , can be generated in a mammal by highly specific physical activation of a specific small subpopulation of brain cells, in this case by light,\" said lead study author Susumu Tonegawa, the Picower professor of Biology and Neuroscience at MIT.To artificially turn on a memory, the researchers first set out to identify the neurons that are activated when a mouse is making a new memory. To accomplish this, they focused on a part of the brain called the hippocampus , known for its role in learning and memory. Then they inserted a gene that codes for a light-sensitive protein into hippocampal neurons, enabling them to use light to control the neurons. With the light-sensitive proteins in place, the team gave the mouse a new memory. They put the animal in an environment where it received a mild foot shock, eliciting the normal fear behavior in mice: freezing in place. Next, to find out if they could activate the fear memory, they directed light on hippocampus and the animals showed a clear freezing response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12512775", "title": "Weather turns hot, dusty", "text": "KANPUR: The sunny sky and dusty winds have made condition worse for the daily commuters on Monday. The scorching heat and continuously rising temperature have added to their woes. The maximum temperature reached 38.2 degree Celsius, which was nearly three degrees higher than that of Sunday. The minimum temperature was recorded at 16.2 degrees. The humidity recorded in the morning was 92 per cent, which declined in afternoon to 30 per cent. According to the weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, the trend of rise in temperature will continue.The meteorologists said that the change in wind directions from north-easterlies to westerlies was responsible for temperature variations. tnnThis also increased the evaporation level in atmosphere to 6.3 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12513320", "title": "Women make up 58% of all users of social media sites", "text": "LONDON: Social media sites seem to be too feminine. A new study has found that women make up 58% of all users logging on to popular networking websites like Facebook and Twitter. Researchers at the Pew Research Center found that the number of people joining social networking sites have doubled from 2008 to 2010 to 850 million, but number of male users plummeted 3% during that time period.This has prompted social networks to figure out a way to to lure more men to update their happenings and post pictures online, the 'Daily Mail' reported. Keith Hampton, the lead author, said that he believed that men were inherently less likely to use social media as a form of expression. So a specific type of website, whether geared toward men or just a general audience, wouldn't make much of a difference in motivating men to interact online.\"Women historically are the the networkers in relationships ,\" he was quoted as saying by the 'Christian Science Monitor' . Hampton said it will take a lot more than designing a male-friendly site to keep men coming back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503966", "title": "Emraan Hashmi is Sonu Dilli KKC", "text": "If you have been wondering who the \"Sonu Dilli KKC\" teaser campaign is all about, here's your answer. It's Emraan Hashmi.The campaign is for the upcoming film \"Jannat 2\", produced by Fox Star Studios and Vishesh Films, that stars Emraan Hashmi, newbie Esha Gupta and Randeep Hooda, and has been directed by Kunal Deshmukh. Emraan plays the role of an arms dealer called Sonu Dili KKC in the movie.With hoardings at popular spots, stickers on autorickshaws, radio spots and with the help of social media sites, the campaign has been buzzing, with people wondering what 'KKC' means. And a unit source tells us, \"KKC stands for kutti kameeni cheez, as Emraan is addressed in the film.\"Vijay Singh , CEO of Fox Star Studios India, says, \"The idea was to get the man on the road talking about Sonu Dili KKC. It struck a chord with the common man. We deliberately kept it short so as to raise curiosity levels.\" Director Kunal Deshmukh adds, \"The character of Sonu Dilli KKC stands out because he is rough and tough, who has his own philosophy of life, love and business. He is the quintessential bad boy who women would fall for.\"Mahesh Bhatt says, \"I would say, come meet Sonu Dilli KKC. He is a hustler from the concrete jungle of New Delhi. He will take you on an exploration of human wisdom with all its hues and colours as it exists on the streets. Come share his insights of love, pain and the futility of destruction in \"Jannat 2\".\" Emraan Hashmi adds that Sonu Dilli KKC personifies flamboyance. \"He has an attitude that comes from ruling the gun trade,\" says the actor, who did thorough research on his character. \"I met people from the North, who gave me an idea about the way arms traders operate and behave. I absorbed a lot after discussions. What you will see on screen is a result of the writer's imagination, the director's vision and my research.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12512652", "title": "Cops to launch campaign to prevent road accidents", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The police department plans to launch a campaign to create awareness about road safety among general public and motorist in the district, said director general of police (DGP) Jacob Punnoose, here on Monday. He was talking to TOI after visiting the accident prone areas in Alappuzha, where 106 people have lost their lives in 792 accidents registered in the district in the three months of 2012.\"The number of road accidents is alarmingly high in the district. As many as 2, 000 people were killed in road accidents in the district in last five years. I have given stringent directions to the police officers in the state to formulate and implement special programmes in this connection,\" the DGP said. He also criticised the police officers in the district for not taking necessary steps to check the road accidents.\"The district police team would launch a campaign programme for creating awareness among people and motorists. The accident victims and their relatives will participate in these programmes,\" Punnoose said.\"The majority accidents occurred on the Aroor-Oachira stretch of NH 47 and on the Alappuzha-Changanassery road. These stretches are in very good condition and motorists drive their vehicles at high speeds. Two-wheeler riders in Alappuzha are reluctant to wear helmets compared to the bike riders in other districts. The number of side roads is very high in the district, which is another reason for the increase in road accidents,\" the state police chief said.The DGP also said that the state police would execute a comprehensive safety programme for ensuring the protection of fishermen in sea. Directions have been given to all the district police heads in the state in this connection. \"However fishermen should also take precautions for preventing accidents in the sea,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511852", "title": "Apex court rejects Srilakshmi's bail plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a setback to IAS officer Y Srilakshmi, allegedly involved in the Obulapuram Mining Company scam along with Gali brothers, the Supreme Court on Monday refused to grant her bail.A bench of justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad asked Srilakshmi to approach the special CBI court in Hyderabad, which is dealing with the case, for bail.The apex court said it was not inclined to grant her any relief at this stage as the CBI had filed its supplementary chargesheet and it would be appropriate if the officer made a fresh bail plea before the special court.Srilakshmi moved the apex court challenging the Andhra Pradesh High Court order cancelling her bail, granted by the special CBI judge. The high court had cancelled the bail on the ground that she might tamper with the evidence and influence the witnesses. Additional solicitor general Vivek Tankha, appearing for the CBI, opposed Srilakshmi's bail plea, saying her presence was still necessary for the investigating agency.Senior counsel L Nageswara Rao, appearing for Srilakshmi, however, argued that the officer was willing to cooperate with the investigating agencies and that there was no threat from her to witnesses.He contended that as the investigation was completed and the supplementary chargesheet filed, there was no need to detain her further as it would be violative of her right to life and liberty under Article 21 of the Constitution.The bench, however, was not convinced with the argument and asked the IAS officer to approach the CBI court afresh. The bench had earlier sought clarification from the additional solicitor general if the CBI would file its chargesheet by March 30.The CBI, in its interim report, had opposed her bail plea on the ground that she was a senior IAS officer and her husband, being an IPS officer, there was a possibility of the accused tampering with the evidence and influencing witnesses.At an earlier hearing, senior counsels L Nageswara Rao and Mukul Rohtagi had given an assurance that the officer was \"willing to move out of the state\" to allay the apprehension that she would influence the probe.The high court had cancelled Srilakshmi's bail, granted by the special CBI court in Hyderabad and had directed her to surrender before January 6, upon which she moved the apex court.The Supreme Court too had at that time refused to interfere with the order, following which she surrendered.The special CBI court had granted a conditional bail to Srilakshmi, who was holding the office of secretary, mines, at the time of the alleged scam in 2007 and was arrested on the charge of abusing her official position to grant favours to former Karnataka minister G Janardhan Reddy-owned Obulapuram Mining Company.On December 2, the high court had reversed the order and asked the 1988-batch suspended officer to surrender before the CBI special court by January 6.The high court had said Srilakshmi had betrayed her official duty and did not deserve the bail, which it said the lower court had granted wrongly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12516357", "title": "300 buildings to make way for a wider and safer ECR", "text": "Chennai: More than 300 structures , mostly commercial buildings , between Thiruvanmiyur and Sholinganallur are likely to be demolished for the widening of East Coast Road (ECR).The Chennai Metropolitan Development Projects (CMDP) wing of the state highways department has identified the buildings so that the work to widen the 11.8km stretch can begin .Sources said detailed revisedestimatesweresubmitted tothe government recently .The estimates include cost of land acquisition of 350 crore and construction costsof 50crore .A survey by the state highways department has identified 8.752hectareson bothsides of the stretch for the project . \"The project will be discussed at the upcoming departmental budgetary meeting on April 20, and is expected to get clearance ,\" government sources said .ECR is to be widened to six lanes between Thiruvanmiyur and Sholinganallur , a stretch maintained by the state highways .ECR was built in 1998 by linking a seriesof village roads connecting 154 fishing villages along the coast . Every day , about 10,000 vehicles use the road as against 3,000 vehiclesin 2001 when ECR was inaugurated . \"Theoriginalestimateof the project when it was mooted in 2005 was Rs 10 crore . Any delay would result in the cost rising further ,\" a sourcesaid .The governmenttook a year to identify 30 .5 metres of land required on either side of the road between Thiruvanmiyur and Sholinganallur . Land has been identified in Thiruvanmiyur , Kottivakkam , Neelankarai , Palavakkam , Injambakkam and Sholinganallur . The mostlandwillbe acquiredin Injambakkam . \"We have informed residents and shop owners aboutthe project . Sofar no one has filed litigation ,\" sourcessaid .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12512567", "title": "Save sparrows", "text": "The sparrows' struggle for survival has just got wings. And you can chip in with your inputs to Citizen Sparrow, an online survey launched on April 1. It will document the current population and the distribution of sparrows across the country. The project will run for two months.The survey is the result of growing concern among the experts and the common man over the decline of house sparrow.The Bangalore-based Nature Conservation Foundation (a branch of National Centre for Biological Sciences) has joined hands with the Bombay Natural History Society and launched the online survey Citizen Sparrow (www.citizensparrow.in).\"It is an elementary step to gather information. We are encouraging people to write to us about their experience, be it about the drastic drop in the sparrow count in their neighbourhood or the sudden spurt of the birds in their locality. All these significant inputs will give us valuable leads to compile pan India data,\" said Suhel Quader, evolutionary ecologist of the National Centre for Biological Sciences.The objective of involving ordinary citizens rather than experts comes with a purpose. \"Almost everyone knows about sparrows. It is an attempt to reach out to people - asking them to share their stories and their understanding of these birds,\" said Quader.How it worksParticipants in the survey would be asked to mark locations on a map and give information about their sparrow sightings, including sightings from the last year and even earlier. Such information will enable a comparison of sparrows in different places, and this is expected to point to particular threats or problems. The findings are intended to feed detailed studies investigating causes of decline, and potential measures for the recovery of sparrow populations.Asad Rahmani, director, Bombay Natural History Society, said: \"We want to involve citizens to make them more interested and concerned about conservation issues.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511782", "title": "Minister\u2019s son fined for traffic violation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 20-year-old son of a Haryana state home minister was caught driving dangerously in south Delhi on Monday morning.Lakhram Kanda was found driving at high speed between Arjangarh and Ghittorni, officials said.Kanda was driving a white Range Rover with a Haryana numberplate while on his way from Haryana to south Delhi. He was flagged down by traffic police officers posted in the Mehrauli traffic circle and issued a challan of Rs1000.\"He was stopped around 10:20am and issued a challan on the spot, which he paid immediately.\"His vehicle papers were in order,\" said Satyendra Garg, joint commissioner of police (traffic).Traffic police said he was fined on the spot instead of being issued a court challan, as his car had been registered in another state.\"It gets difficult to track the owners of vehicles, who have numberplates from other states.\"Therefore, we have instructed traffic police to stop such vehicles and issue challans on the spot. In doing so no offender will be able to escape,\" said a senior traffic police officer on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12512086", "title": "May abolish Haj subsidy, says Krishna", "text": "KOCHI: Foreign minister S M Krishna on Monday said the Centre is having \"second thoughts\" on continuing the Haj subsidy. The minister said this while addressing questions from reporters on whether a similar package will be granted to Christians visiting holy lands.\"Well, there are second thoughts with reference to Haj. Haj reforms are taking place and we are evaluating this question of subsidy constantly and a large number of Muslim organizations have approached the Centre to abolish this subsidy concept. So I think that will be part of the reforms which we will be taking up,'' Krishna said.He did not specify which Muslim organizations had made this demand and what is the time-frame for the review. Interestingly, Krishna made these observations in the presence of the MoS for external affairs and the Indian Union Muslim League leader E Ahmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12513052", "title": "Superstition 'torture' in Ganjam villages", "text": "Berhampur: Godhi Pala and three others are the latest victims of superstition. They had been tonsured, had their teeth pulled out and forced to swallow human excreta before being paraded naked in Ganjam's Phasipada village recently because villagers believed they were sorcerers.Similar was the fate of Hema Swain (60) of a village near Patapur. She was tied to a tree and beaten up before being driven out of the village last year because villagers believed she was a witch. In another incident, six women from Kumarapari village within Khallikote police limits were branded with iron rods because villagers felt they were responsible for some deaths and outbreak of disease.Human right activists and police said many people in rural areas are victimized for blind beliefs. Sixteen such cases were recorded in the district in the last three months. Besides Kodala and Khallikote, such incidents were reported from Sorada, Badagada, Patapur, Gangapur and Tarasingi police limits.Ignorance, illiteracy, ill-health and blind beliefs are responsible for such incidents, said Simanchal Bisoi, an advocate and human rights activist, quoting a study of Andhra Pradesh-based Atheist Centre. Politics is also responsible for spurt in such incidents, a senior police officer said. Most of these are acts of revenge, he added.Some persons from Nayagarh district, who claim to be practitioners of Khatavidya, a superstitious practice to detect black magic, are invited and paid huge amounts by the village committees to identify witches. \"They are responsible for the spurt in this kind of crime,\" said Sudhir Sabat, an social activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12513093", "title": "Twin suicides rock Hazratganj, probe on", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 21-year-old woman and an 18-year-old youth residing in the same locality hanged themselves at their houses coincidentally at the same time in Hazratganj police station area on Monday evening. The woman was identified as Mamta, wife of Guddu, a resident of Siddharthnagar, while and the youth was identified as Rahul. However, whether both the suicides were connected with each other in some way barring the locality and timing, could not be confirmed by the police.Mamta, a class 12 student of Baal Bharti Balika Vidyalaya, had been residing at her parent's house for the last one year at Sikandernagar, Bandha locality in Hazratganj police station area.According to reports, Mamta had gone to appear for UP Board exams. After giving the paper, she returned home at around 5.00 p.m. and went inside a room at her house locked it from inside and then hanged herself by a rope from a fan. It was almost at the same time, around 20 metres away from Mamta's house, Rahul also locked himself at the room of his house and hanged himself in almost similar manner.On receiving the news, police rushed to the spot and started investigation into the matter.The police found a suicide note near Mamta's body. She stated that she was upset that her father had done second marriage and disowned her.The police also could not confirm whether both Mamta and Rahul were connected to each other or not.According to the police, Mamta was married to Guddu over two years back. Guddu a native of Siddharthnagar had been earning his living as a painter in Mumbai. However, for the past one year, Mamta had been living with her parents. Reasons for the same also could not be ascertained.The police said that the matter is being investigated and efforts are on to ascertain the reason behind both taking extreme step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12511813", "title": "Somalian women find refuge in Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: Covered in a large billowy direh paired with a headscarf, Lul Osman, 43, a Somalian and mother of five is the bread-winner of her large family here in Hyderabad. A refugee, she had air-dashed to Hyderabad in 2006 shortly after her husband, a juice vendor, was murdered in their house in Mogadishu by a bunch of masked men. This headstrong woman who sold her house and landed in India with her children in tow and a meager $1,500 is among the nearly 20 single Somalian mothers and women who are living on their own in Hyderabad currently.As per available estimates, nearly 400 Somalian refugees are living in Hyderabad who account for 90 per cent of the total Somalian refugees living in India. Fleeing their home country was not easy. But these women who were subjected to heinous atrocities had no choice. Concentrated in Mehdipatnam and Toli Chowki areas in the city and living in cramped accommodations, their life is mired with insecurities. Lul Osman, who earns Rs 4,500 a month, is living in a single room with her five children.In another house in Mehdipatnam, Safia, 45, is a mother of eight children and sitting on the prayer mat recalls how she was devastated when she learnt that her eldest daughter, aged about 20 years, was killed by extremists in her country. The already torn Safia suffered another blow soon after when her businessman husband, who was arranging for visas, suddenly got kidnapped by rebels. Selling her house in a rush , she assembled whatever she could and ran for her life with her seven children and landed in Hyderabad. A homemaker otherwise, here she has been working as a maid in two houses where students from Yemen and Africa live and says she manages to earn enough for her children's school fee and the food.Doing menial jobs, the single mothers with anywhere between five and 9 children have stories of husbands being either murdered or kidnapped. Among these women are also a couple of young single women who have been victims of sexual abuse in the strife torn country that has been characterized as the most violent in the world. A few of them rely on small donations from friends and relatives living abroad. \"Shelling and explosions are a norm in Somalia. There seems to be no end to the fight between rival warlords. Living here is comparatively much better but we don't feel at home,\" says Noortabdi, 72, in her broken English. The septuagenarian has taken refuge here with her granddaughter.When asked why they chose Hyderabad, they say that the broker who helped them flee their country recommended the city, considering its large Muslim population. Furthermore, with a few of the Somalian students praising the city, they landed up here. Amena Mohammed, 45-year-old and a mother of five including three girls, came here in 2008 after her husband was shot and went missing. Three months ago she found out that he is alive but not in a position to walk. Ever since, she has been trying to arrange funds to get him to Hyderabad but it remains a distant dream with her meager earning of Rs 5,000 per month.Mazher Hussain, director, Cova, which is the implementing partner of UN High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR) in Hyderabad, says these refugees are reduced to taking up menial jobs here as locals are apprehensive about employing them. \"There have been cases of Nigerians and Sudanese being involved in various crimes. But because of similar looks, Somalians are often misconstrued as being one among them.\"M Mandakini , field officer, UNHCR Project, asserts that people in Somalia are losing their lives for nothing. \"Human rights violations are commonplace and include murders, torture and forced disappearances. Sexual and gender based violence and exploitation of women are also rampant,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12511018", "title": "New panel also put off decision on Cartel", "text": "NAGPUR: The new standing committee headed by Dayashankar Tiwari also kept pending a proposal relating to granting various concessions to M/s Cartel Outdoor Advertising as officials failed to satisfy certain queries regarding it. Tiwari expressed surprise over it saying it appears no officials were standing by proposal presented by municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal.The new standing committee held its first meeting on Monday. Tiwari said, \"Jaiswal has taken some decisions regarding the long-pending proposal to give various relaxations to M/s Cartel Outdoor Advertising Private Ltd that has the contract for advertising on streetlight poles in city. The officials were asked to explain proposed interest on delayed payment. The officials could not explain the decision. Therefore, proposal was kept pending for want of reply from Jaiswal.\"The proposal actually is pending for 20 months now and is resulting in a loss of Rs 6 lakh per month for NMC. The agency is paying just Rs 10.50 lakh per month to NMC instead of Rs 16.11 lakh it had promised to while winning the contract.In another surprise move, the committee kept three other proposals also pending. One was related to developmental work at Ambazari ghat and two road works. The proposals were to give work orders to lowest bidder and were sanctioned by last standing committee headed by Sandip Joshi. \"I am working out a plan to develop the crematoria. Therefore, the proposal was kept pending and will be considered after the budget. The two road works are kept pending due to lack of funds under particular head,\" Tiwari explained.Tiwari also directed the Property Tax department to issue property tax demands to citizens by July 15. \"Demands are given very late and citizens are charged interest for late payment for no fault of theirs. If demands are issued by July 15, citizens will get five months for paying the tax,\" he said.About NMC's revenue in 2011-12, Tiwari said Octroi department headed by Milind Meshram had done commendable work by raising Rs 442.65 crore against target of Rs 465 crore. \"But for dispute relating to Rs 14 crore penalty, the target would had been met. Still, the revenue is much higher than last year. The Estate department headed by DD Jambhulkar was the only department to achieve the revenue target. It collected Rs 5.02 crore through advertisement against target of Rs 5 crore. The revenue from Estate was Rs 2.01 crore against target of Rs 1.95 crore. The property tax and water departments failed to perform. Revenue from property tax was just Rs 135.34 crore against a target of Rs 175 crore. Suggestions have been given to improve revenue from the departments lagging behind,\" he said.Tiwari also assumed the charge as NIT trustee on Monday. He vowed to bridge the gap between NMC and NIT and to resolve many issues. \"Flow of sewage into nullahs has turned Nagpur into \"Narakpur\". I will make efforts in NMC and as well NIT for safe disposal of sewage to prevent pollution, ground water contamination and diseases,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12515959", "title": "Rare cells 'key to immune system'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists claim to have found that a rare immune cell helps the immune system \"remember\" an attack, a key finding which may pave the way for new and more effective treatments for immune disorders.A team at the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute says the cells, called T follicular helper cells, represent less than half of one per cent of all immune cells, but play a key role in antibody production and developing long-lasting immunity.However, the cells are also dramatically increased in chronic inflammatory disease, suggesting that they could be a therapeutic target for treating these diseases.The team, led by Dr Katja Luthje, discovered a means of identifying the rare T follicular helper cells while they are actually involved in instructing immune response, revealing for the first time the possible fates of these cells.Dr Luthje said the research team discovered T follicular helper cells were essential for developing strong and specific antibody responses to infectious agents.\"Antibodies are fundamental to the body's defence against infection. Antibody production critically relies on the interaction of two cell types: B cells that produce antibody, and helper T cells that recruit and 'teach' the B cells how to respond to infectious agents.\"In this study, we used a special fluorescent protein to help identify exactly which cells were involved in the process, and discovered that, amongst the rare T follicular helper cells, only a subset were actively involved in instructing B cells in antibody production,\" he said.The scientists say that this finding is incredibly important for the development of vaccines, which relies on immune memory to prevent subsequent infections.The findings have been published in the 'Nature Immunology' journal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12512886", "title": "Bhikshu's fast enters day 11", "text": "VARANASI: Under the Ganga Seva Abhiyanam (GSA), the fast-unto-death of Ganga Premi Bhikshu continued at the Shiv Prasad Gupta Hospital on the 11th consecutive day on Monday.Another Ganga activist Brahmachari Krishna Priyanand also continued his Ganga 'tapasya' at Kedar Ghat, which has become a centre of save Ganga movement.Meanwhile, a number of social organisations and individuals came forward in support of save Ganga movement.While a signature campaign was held near Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth, Ganga Dhwaj (flags) were distributed to boatmen at Rajendra Prasad Ghat.Though people are coming forward and extending their support to save Ganga movement, one could also see many others who were least concerned towards this issue.A number of washermen could be seen washing dirty clothes and people using soap near Kedar Ghat, the same venue of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12512607", "title": "Convicts' kin go on the rampage at court complex", "text": "BANGALORE: Relatives and friends of the nine accused who were sentenced to life for the murder of a Wilson Garden resident, went on the rampage at the City Civil Court complex minutes after a judge pronounced the quantum of punishment on Monday.As judge S Vontigodi read out the sentence at noon in the 17th fast-track court, relatives and friends of the nine accused turned restive and damaged windows and furniture in the court hall. Police swung into action, dispersed the vandals and brought the situation under control.This is the second time that trouble has erupted during the trial of the murder of KPZ Hussain, 50, a resident of Wilson Garden 9th Cross, behind Shanthinagar bus terminus on February 25, 2006.On Friday, four of the nine accused had fled from the court hall even as the judge pronounced them guilty of the murder. Three of them - Afroze, Rafique and Sadiq alias Gas Sadiq - later surrendered, while the fourth fugitive, Mujeeb, is still absconding. The tenth accused, Samuilla Khan, an accounts superintendent with BMTC, was acquitted, special public prosecutor (SPP) Ganapathy Prasanna said.The court ordered the convicted to pay Rs 20,000 each as fine amount. Of the amount, Rs 1 lakh was ordered to be paid to Hussain's widow. Hussain's murder was the culmination of a long-standing dispute between him and some committee members of a mosque adjacent to his house.\"He had filed an original suit and taken an interim order against construction of the mosque building alleging that there were several irregularities and misappropriation of funds. He lodged a police complaint fearing threat to his life. After he complained to the Wakf Board too, the assailants picked up a quarrel with him on February 25, 2006, and attacked him in front of his wife and children,\" said the special public prosecutor.Action post-verdictAs the judge read out the sentence at noon, relatives and friends of the nine accused turned restive and damaged windows and furniture in the court hall.Cops swung into action, dispersed the vandals and brought the situation under control", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12512739", "title": "City schools reopen for fresh academic session", "text": "KANPUR: The students reached the schools after enjoying holidays for a fortnight as the new academic session commenced from Monday. Most of the schools re-opened. The students were excited to share their holiday experiences with friends.The regular classes for students from class I to X and XII were scheduled from 7 am in most of the schools. The kindergartens will begin the session from April 4 or 6.\"The first day in school after vacation is always exciting. There is so much to share and discuss. I had been to Kashmir and Vaishno Devi and saw snowfall for the first time. I am very excited to show the pictures of my trip to friends,\" said Richa, a student of class VII.Sharing her experience on the first day at school, Nidhi, student of class XI said that her group went to the house of a friend who had left the school. \"We enjoyed visiting Shikha's homes and had lots of fun. Most of my classmates did not go out of the city for holidays. All were excited to listen to my experiences of Manali trip,\" she added.Both students and teachers agreed that these days youngsters looked forward to get back to school after holidays and do not feel sad about the vacation being over.\"I was looking forward to meet my friends in school. I became disappointed when I came to know that many of my friends had left the school,\" said Harshita.The senior students were not much excited. According to them, a few more days of holidays would have been been better in the scorching heat.\"The timmings for junior class is early and they will leave the school by 12. But we have to be in school by 1.30 or 2 pm. We will be forced to attend extra classes in May or June,\" said Vaishali of class XII.The teachers and principals pointed out that they were witnessing a vast difference in the way children treated the vacations.\"Nowadays, students actually miss school and eagerly look forward to going back to school and being with friends again. Gone are the days when children used to long for holidays so that they don't have to attend school,\" said Lila Chandra, principal, SR Education Center.The parents had a busy weekend with shopping of new books, bags, pencils, pens and uniforms for their kids. Smriti, mother of a class VIII girl, said: \"She hasn't bought her stationary and books on her own and I had to accompany her this time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12512959", "title": "Rajasthan State Roadways Transport Corporation to connect district headquarters", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan State Roadways Transport Corporation (RSRTC) will be running 341 buses to connect all the district headquarters. The announcement was made by principal secretary, RSRTC Manjit Singh on Monday.\"These buses will be from the existing fleet. They will be repaired before hitting the road. Another fleet of buses (green service) will connect the cities to towns,\" said Singh.He further said that the corporation has done away with manual selling of tickets and has now fully shifted to automatic machines for issuing tickets.Every year, RSRTC hires 500 new buses to run on new routes and replaces the old ones, informed Singh. Another 11 new Volvo buses will be added to the existing fleet, keeping in mind the summer rush.\"These buses are hired on contract basis,\" said Singh. The bus station at the district headquarter will undergo a complete makeover with the budgetary allocation of Rs 2 crore for each district.RSRTC runs 4,500 buses every day both inter and intra state. This year, the corporation's revenue has gone up by 14% compared to last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511430", "title": "Culex menace: The sting that triggers encephalitis", "text": "NEW DELHI: The sudden spurt in the number of Culex mosquito has sent alarms bells ringing among the authorities concerned.NVBDCP has deputed an eight-member team to visit different regions of Delhi between 5am and 7am on Tuesday morning to collect female Culex specimens in order to quantify its density.NVBDCP says the male Culex mosquito feeds solely on plant nectar through its two-week existence. It's the female Culex that requires a blood meal to nourish her eggs before she lays them. The female lays 100 to 300 eggs at a time that hatch two days later. A female lays a raft of eggs every third night during its life span.MCD medical officer Dr N K Yadav told TOI, \"Unlike mosquitoes like Aedes or Anopheles that breed in fresh water, Culex breeds in stagnant dirty water in drains. As part of our strategy finalized in our meeting last week with health officials and vets from in and around Delhi, we will try and cover as many open drains as possible. We will use BTI in drains we can't shut to blast the larvae.\"An NVBDCP expert said Delhi at present has over 1,300 small and large drains, 90% of which are open and are the best breeding grounds for the Culex mosquito.NVBDCP chief Dr A C Dhariwal said surveillance carried out by a group of entomologists reported a high density of Culex mosquitoes. \"We refer to Culex as nuisance mosquitoes. They swarm houses especially at dawn and dusk, which is the feeding cycle of the female. The rest of the time they sit on the wall trying to digest the blood. Culex is not considered as much of a threat as Anopheles and Aedes which cause malaria and dengue,\" Dhariwal said. Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad has also written to the state governments to immediately launch a drive against mosquito breeding. Experts say the present temperature - 15-32 degrees Celsius - is perfect for Culex to breed. \"Once it starts to get hotter, these mosquitoes will start to disappear,\" Dhariwal said.The Culex larva lives in the water for approximately one to two weeks, coming up to the surface occasionally for oxygen. When it enters the pupa phase, it floats on top of the water from one to four days, resting until it ultimately transforms into an adult mosquito.So what is the best way people can protect themselves against the Culex? Experts say doors and windows can be open all day but should be shut during dusk and dawn when these mosquitoes mainly strike. Having nets on windows is a good way to stop mosquitoes from entering the house.Culex mosquitoes are painful and persistent biters. So wearing full sleeves at dusk and dawn, or applying anti-mosquito creams can help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12512582", "title": "Swine flu scare", "text": "BHOPAL: Swine flu scare in the city continues, almost a week after the first swine flu death in the city. Two samples of suspected swine flu cases from Hamidia hospital were awaited by the office of the district chief medical and health officer (CMHO), here on Monday.The two suspected chikldren are admitted in the paediatrics ward of Hamidia hospital. District CMHO Dr Pankaj Shukla said, \"Both of them are about 4 year old. They are suffering from lung infection and as a precaution the hospital has requested swine flu test for them.\"The samples would be sent to regional medical and research laboratory (RMRL), Jabalpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12511509", "title": "Mines director suspended", "text": "PANAJI: The first head to roll in the illegal mining case is that of department of mines and geology director Arvind Lolienkar. Government on Monday suspended Lolienkar for abetting illegal mining in the state. The suspension order was issued by vigilance department.Government also decided to constitute an independent authority to inquire into Lolienkar's role in the alleged illegal mining. \"We have received many complaints against him for not acting against illegal mining that is why we have suspended him. We will decide in the next two days who will inquire against him and if he is found guilty then we will take action against him,\" CM Manohar Parrikar said.South Goa collector Prasanna Acharya has been given additional charge as mines director.Parrikar had earlier said he would revamp the mines department and post new staff in various positions.Government has also directed that the extension given to assistant technical officer Hector Fernandes be cancelled.The draft public accounts committee (PAC) report presented in October 2011 had accused the mines department of not taking proper action against illegal mining. Parrikar had been chairman of the PAC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12515311", "title": "Katrina is a stupendous actor, says Shah Rukh", "text": "Actor Shahrukh Khan, who will be sharing screen with Katrina Kaif in their maiden romantic film by Yash Chopra says that his co-star is a stupendous actor and that he tried to adapt himself to her work approach.After a gap of eight years, Yash Chopra has returned to direction with with this untitled film, which also stars Anushka Sharma .The shoot started in February in London . \"I got to shoot with Katrina Kaif for the first time, which was wonderful. I do a couple of films a year and I haven't worked with her. I think she is a stupendous actor. Everyone says about her being hardworking and very talented. Its more important how we work together..how we work as a team,\" Shahrukh told reporters at an event.The model-turned-actress has been in Bollywood since nine years and all those who have worked with her have always praised her. \"When I work with a lot of young actors, I learn a lot as they have a different way of doing scenes. I have worked now for 21 years, they have been working for 10 years. When Katrina is doing a scene, she has a different way of approaching it. And when she approaches it differently, as a co-actor I also try to think if she is doing it differently, there must be a reason so let me also try it and adapt myself to do it differently. So that give and take has been absolutely fantastic,\" Shahrukh said.Apparently, it was on Katrina's birthday few years back that both Shahrukh and Salman had a fall out. And now Katrina is working with both Khans -- Salman and SRK -- under the Yash Raj Films banner.SRK's association with Yash Raj Films has been long and they have given many movies like 'Darr', (1993), 'Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge' (1995), 'Dil Toh Pagal Hai' (1997), 'Mohabbatein' (2000), 'Veer Zaara' (2004), 'Chak De' (2007) and 'Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi' (2008).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12512917", "title": "City to have cell to enliven its heritage", "text": "VADODARA: The city's heritage will have a major support system now with Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) deciding to set up a cell for it. The best thing about it is that it will not be limiting itself to architectural marvels alone. Vadodara Urban Heritage and Renewal Cell (VUHRC) will look into city's natural heritage and culture too.Strange as it might sound, but the cultural capital of the state did not have such a cell even as Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) had one now for quite a long time. Furthermore, Surat Municipal Corporation too had set up a cell recently. In Vadodara, the setting up of the cell assumes significance as the city is celebrating the 150th birth anniversary of the visionary ruler Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad III whose rule had determined Vadodara's present day character.The VUHRC will have a two tier structure - a policy making and advisory committee (PMAC) and an executive committee. PMAC will have experts as well as representatives from Archaeological Survey of India, Baroda Museum and Picture Gallery, Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India, Indian Institute of Architects as well as VMC officials. It will be engaged in taking all the necessary decisions regarding various activities to be carried on and will also decide on core issues related to heritage work. The committee will be responsible for the overall implementation and supervision of the cell.The executive committee, on the other hand, will be responsible for executing the policies and decisions of the advisory committee. It will communicate with experts, advisors, citizens, members of various associated organizations, NGOs and others and plan for the smooth functioning of the cell. Municipal commissioner shall be the chairman of PMAC and deputy municipal commissioner (general) will be chairman of the executive committee and incharge of the heritage cell. VMC commissioner Ashwini Kumar said a circular had been issued with regard to the cell.With the cell, the VMC will also take the first step towards involving experts through invitation in a formal manner in its functioning. So far, only professional consultants got such an opportunity. The committee will also take up the work of joining hands with organizations like Indian Heritage Cities Network and Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage.VMC officials said the cell shall function out of the present health museum building in Kamatibaug. VMC plans to spruce up the building too. It will also have a gallery depicting the city's rich heritage in pictures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12512846", "title": "Violations at Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation suburban bus stand shock minister, MP", "text": "MYSORE: District minister S A Ramdas, accompanied by Mysore MP H Vishwanath, on Monday visited the KSRTC suburban bus stand to check out the facilities and amenities available to passengers.But, much to their shock, the duo stumbled upon violations' galore: the area earmarked for waiting rooms is used for commercial use, the cloakroom is moved to the cellar, and the passengers were fleeced at the parking lot. A major part of the building is still not used. And the KSRTC has leased out the whole property to a single contractor, instead of leasing out it in parts, for maintenance. An angry Vishwanath questioned it, saying the funds, released by the Centre for the convenience of passengers, have gone waste. There are complaints that pre-fixed auto stand was moved out for commercial purpose. \"This will not do,\" he said.The duo and some experts inspected the works taken up under JnNURM, under which the bus stand was upgraded. Soon after arriving at the bus stand, the Congress MP asked: \"Where are the waiting rooms? What are the facilities for drivers and conductors? Even when it was conveyed that we will do inspection, senior officials are missing.\" Ramdas added: \"The waiting room has been denied to commuters by converting it for commercial use. How could the KSRTC officials allow moving of cloakroom to the cellar? This is violation.\" They also discovered that the eatables at the restaurant were expensive.More shock was in store as they entered the parking lot in the cellar. Commuters told the duo that they are fleeced by the contractor by charging them exorbitantly. \"We are required to pay as we park the vehicles, and the contractor calculates the fee on hourly basis. Though there is a chart specifying the charges, it is not followed. If we question, the attendants behave rudely. Parking mafia is at work here,\" commuters told the minister, while the MP listened in rapt attention. While Ramdas was listening to the complaint, the attendant continued colleting Rs 10 from a woman. \"This is clear violation of norms. The passengers should pay only when they take back their vehicles,\" he stated.Speaking to reporters, Vishwanath said he will ask transport and home minister R Ashoka to look into the lapses. \"I'll also bring this to the notice of the deputy commissioner,\" he stated. Ramdas said the contractor is harassing the hapless commuters. \"I'll not allow this to continue,\" he stated, promising action shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12513112", "title": "Two teens drown in Gomti", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two teenagers drowned in the Gomti near Peepa Pul at Gau Ghat in Madiaon on Monday evening. The victims had probably gone to take bath in the river. Their bodies were fished out by divers around 8pm. However, the identity of the victims could not be ascertained till the filing of the news.According to reports, at around 6pm, an unidentified man spotted two youths, both around 15 years, drowning in the river. He raised an alarm and some fishermen jumped into the river to save them but the two had drowned by then. The police rushed to the spot on receiving the information. The police then pressed in divers to fish out the bodies.The bodies have been kept in the mortuary, ASP Aliganj Anees Ahmed Ansari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12513297", "title": "Pak jails Osama family for illegal stay", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A Pakistan court on Monday charged and sentenced Osama bin Laden's three wives and two daughters for living illegally in the country and flouting immigration laws.Senior civil judge Shahrukh Arjumand sentenced each of them to 45-day jail and Rs 10,000 ($114) fine.The court also ordered the government to arrange for their repatriation.The three-hour proceedings were presided over by a judge inside a makeshift court. It was set up in a posh house in Islamabad where bin Laden's family was put up. The house was designated a \"sub-jail\" for them.\"The court directed the government to arrange for necessary documents for their earliest repatriation, so that they can go to their own country as soon as possible,\" Zakarya Ahmad Al-Fatah, Yemeni brother of one of Osama's wives, told reporters.Muhammad Aamir, their lawyer, said the period of detention began on March 3, when they were formally arrested for illegal entry and residency in Pakistan.\"The interior secretary was directed to arrange their deportation,\" Aamir said.He ruled out any appeal against the decision. The women have already served a month of their sentence and are expected to be deported in two weeks.Over the last few weeks, details about their life while they were in hiding were trickling out in media reports. Amal Abdulfattah (30) from Yemen was Osama's youngest wife. She claimed she gave birth to four of Osama's children while they were on the run. In her account, sourced from a report compiled by Pakistani investigators, she said she flew to Pakistan in 2000 and travelled to Afghanistan where she married Osama before the 9/11 attacks in the US.The family was later scattered, she told investigators, and she travelled to Karachi in Pakistan. Later, she met her husband in Peshawar and then moved to the Swat Valley, where they lived in two houses. They moved once again before settling in Abbottabad in 2005.Osama's two older wives, Khairiah Sabar and Siham Sharif, are both from Saudi Arabia . While searching for Osama, most US and Pakistani officials believed he was hiding somewhere along the remote Afghanistan-Pakistan border, possibly in a cave.He was killed on May 2, 2011 after US special forces stormed his compound at Abbottabad near Islamabad. Several other men in the house were also killed. Osama's youngest wife was injured while rescuing her husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12512575", "title": "Govt will move SC; Infant to wait and watch", "text": "BANGALORE: On Monday morning, at the Police Flag Day celebration parade, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and home minister R Ashoka appeared happy with new DG-IGP AR Infant. They were on the podium together, exchanging words and sharing some light moments.However, soon after, both ministers told the media they will question the high court order that sought the appointment of Infant as DG-IGP in the Supreme Court. The chief minister said he believed in the decision made by the appointing committee that chose Shankar Bidari for the top post. \"We respect the high court order, however, we think the government decision was just and we will approach the Supreme Court,\" Gowda said.Supporting the CM, home minister R Ashok said the government was given a choice between three eligible candidates and had chosen the candidate they found eligible. \"Every ministry has its favoured candidate. A committee with senior officers of the government chose the DG-IGP candidate. The chief minister took the decision based on this report,\" said Ashoka.AR Infant told TOI that he is happy with the high court order, but refused to comment on the government's decision. \"It's not that I am happy with all that has happened, but I am happy with the outcome. I will wait and see what happens when the case goes to the Supreme Court,\" he said.According to experts, an appeal in the court would not make much difference, as the high court had reverted the appointment based on the track record and allegations against Shankar Bidari, and not on the basis of seniority. \"The government can choose any candidate from the list, not on the basis of seniority alone. In this case, the charges against Bidari give the case a different shape,\" said a source on condition of anonymity.Meanwhile, Shankar Bidari, currently managing director of Karnataka State Police Housing Board, is on leave for a fortnight.98 get CM's medalAt the Flag Day celebrations, 98 officers and personnel of the police department were presented with the Chief Minister's medal. The CM said recruitment for the 2,120 vacancies in the newly raised Sections 2 and 3 of the Karnataka State Industrial Security Force will be made. Out of the four, appointments have been made for two police stations of Karavali police staff. He promised that those participating and winning medals at national and international sports events will be given immediate promotions, and hospital service for reserve police personnel will be upgraded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12513115", "title": "Less water supply today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Leakage in the main water pipeline from Punjab will affect water supply across the city on Tuesday.The civic body has requested residents to make arrangements in advance and bear with the inconvenience. Water will not be supplied in the afternoon and there will low pressure during evening.The leakage has been reported at Daun village and near Jhugian village in Punjab, which need immediate repair and will take at least a day. Supply of water in Chandigarh is largely from Kajauli canal in Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12512931", "title": "Move to shift Jagathy Sreekumar to CMC Vellore put off", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A decision on shifting actor Jagathy Sreekumar to Christian Medical College (CMC), Vellore, will be taken only after 48 hours, said Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences (MIMS) authorities.The decision to shift the actor to CMC Vellore from MIMS on Monday has been postponed as the actor is suffering from slight fever.An expert team from CMC Vellore led by Dr Mathew Alexander, department of neurology, had visited the hospital on March 29 and decided to shift the actor to Vellore on Monday.\"A decision on when to shift the actor will be taken after 48-hours as he is kept under observation and we don't want to take a risk at this point of time,''said Dr P Rajan, department of surgery, MIMS .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12512703", "title": "Cochin Port Trust posts 12% growth in cargo traffic", "text": "KOCHI: The Cochin Port Trust has achieved a 12% growth in the 2011-12 financial year to reach the 2 crore (20 million) mark in tonnes of cargo handled in one year for the first time, according to a CPT release.The port has achieved a throughput of 20.1 million tonnes, with a growth rate which is second highest among Indian major ports. The oil handling increased by 14%, break bulk and bulk handling increased by 53% and 14% respectively, while container throughput showed only a modest increase of 6%.The port has been going through a financial crisis since its ambitious ICTT project works far below capacity due to inadequate feeder services for containers. The port has had to resort to austerity measures, including freeze of DA and restrictions in many labour allowances.However, the year saw employees ensuring high cargo productivity and initiative to venture into activities hitherto considered feasible only through outsourcing. On the productivity parameters, the port has an average pre-berth detention time of 4.09 hours, an average turnaround time of 1.84 days and an average berthday output of 15,884 tonnes; all the figures comparing well with national benchmarks, the release said.The port has initiated the process of inducting modern cargo handling infrastructure. A modern mobile harbour crane to support bulk/break bulk handling will be commissioned in June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511710", "title": "Minor polio victim molested in hospital", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 17-year-old polio afflicted girl was allegedly molested inside a government hospital by one of its employees on Sunday. The hospital is located in northeast Delhi.The girl, a student of Class XII, was admitted to the hospital with some intestinal problems, police said. She was admitted in the ICU where she was kept under observation after surgery. On Sunday night, the victim was alone in the ICU when the operation theatre technician entered the room and molested her. The victim's mother was away at the time of the incident. When the girl's mother returned, the victim narrated the incident to her; she raised an alarm. She informed the authorities and also dialed 100 informing the cops about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12518455", "title": "'Coupling' marathon on April 7", "text": "Need a good laugh? Tune in to Comedy Central on Saturday, April 7 from 10pm-11.30pm for back to back episodes of the Brit sitcom, Coupling!About Coupling: Gender wars and true love dreamsWhen it comes to relationships... Susan, Steve, Patrick, Sally, Jane and Jeff are experts of love, sex and all the baggage a relationship brings. Their baggage is a crowd of best friends and ex's who talk about all aspects of relationships on their never-ending quest to find true love.Susan Walker is a beautiful go-getter, Patrick Maitland, the sextet's charismatic cocky player, Sally Harper is a beauty therapist, Jeff and Steve are \"porn buddies\" who are in equal parts, obsessed and bewildered by actual sex and Jane Christie, a woman supremely confident in her ability to seduce anyone of either sex, and who refuses to be dumped unless she's the one doing the dumping.Coupling brings a dimension on men and women who have been falling in love - and all the tricks required sustaining the relationship. The show is scripted with pro tips to know the way back from the enchanted glade of one's true love and get a decent night's sleep when in love.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "jaipur/jodhpur", "code": "12513111", "title": "Baby still waits for mother", "text": "JAIPUR/JODHPUR: The girl abandoned in Jodhpur's Umaid Hospital soon after her birth eight days ago still remains disowned as the 'mother' is unconvinced of the blood report and awaits the results of a DNA test to accept the baby as her biological daughter.The unfortunate girl was born on the same night when another boy was born in the hospital. The two couples are fighting to claim the boy, saying the babies were switched by the negligent hospital staff.Hospital officials said that both the couples are fighting for the custody of the boy child, while abandoning the eight-day old girl. The discrimination against girl children is not new a district like Barmer nor in the state where an increasing number of female feticide and infanticide cases are being reported these days.\"In districts of western Rajasthan including Jaisalmer and Barmer, cases of female feticide and infanticide are quite rampant due to a certain mindset. In these areas, there used to be death wells for new born girls who were dumped into them after their murder,\" chairperson of the Rajasthan State Women's Commission Lad Kumari Jain told TOI. She added that the case of this newborn girl is a result of that mindset.A boy was born to one Reshmi Devi and girl to one Poonam Kanwar at Umaid Hospital on March 25. But the negligent staff handed the boy to Poonam Kanwar by mistake. There was ruckus when the staff took the boy back and gave the girl to Poonam saying there was a mistake. Both Poonam and Reshmi began claiming the boy. The blood samples suggested that Poonam was the girl's mother, but the family members refused to accept the results. They insisted that they would accept the girl only if a DNA test can prove that Poonam is her biological mother. On the other hand, the boy has been taken home by Reshmi Devi.A day after the news of the girl was picked up by media, Poonam Kanwar's husband Chain Singh, a teacher by profession, claimed that he was ready to accept the girl, but only after it is proven that he is her father.\"It is not a matter of her being a girl. I just want to confirm that she is my daughter,\" said Chain Singh. He added that his wife Poonam approached the hospital administration requesting them to let her feed the baby. However, the permission was not granted.\"They are telling me to give them in writing that I accept the girl, which I can't,\" said Chain Singh.Similarly, husband of Reshmi Devi, Sagar Ram, a masonry worker belonging to Bayatu area, said that if DNA test proves that he is the biological father of the girl, he would accept the baby.However, both were speechless when asked why only the girl child is being abandoned. \"If the identity of the girl's parents is in question, the same goes for the boy's case. Why only the girl child is being abandoned,\" Jain argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511487", "title": "Ageing India may see a rise in number of widows: WHO", "text": "NEW DELHI: The World Health Organization (WHO) on Monday warned India that feminization of its ageing population could lead to a rapid increase in its number of widows.Reacting to a TOI story that showed how the majority of India's elderly are now women, WHO's representative to India Dr Nata Menabde said the trend has significant consequences for the health of older women.She said, \"Women's longer life-spans compared to men, combined with the fact that men tend to marry women younger than themselves, mean that the number of widows will increase rapidly.\"She added, \"Being a male-dominated society and given the fact that women in India rely on their husbands for the provision of economic resources and social status, a large percentage of older women are at risk of dependency, isolation, and/or dire poverty and neglect.\"According to her, a quarter of the global elderly population will be in India by 2015, and the elderly population in India will be more than 12% of the total population by 2026.The Registrar General of India's latest data from the Sample Registration System, 2010, had found that the percentage of women in the age bracket of 60 years and above is higher in 17 out of the 20 large states.Dr Menabde said that a further consequence of differential life expectancy \"is that there are more women especially among the oldest old, those 85 years and above. Given that disability rates rise with age, this means that there are substantially number of older women than older men living with disabilities.\"WHO says that women have higher chances of getting excluded from various social security programmes due to lower literacy and gender issues.\"Women's labour in developing countries is concentrated in the informal, agricultural and service sectors. Older women have less access to social protection such as health insurance, which has a cumulative negative effect over a woman's lifespan and can seriously affect their health in old age,\" Dr Menabde added.She suggested that the government should consider bringing in a state sponsored insurance policy just for the old. With 30% of India's elderly being below the poverty line, Dr Menabde spoke about the provision for services for BPL families and elderly population under the National Programme for Healthcare of Elderly that is being rolled out in 100 districts.Between 1980 and 1985, the life expectancy for women in India was lower than that of men due to high maternal mortality, discrimination against women in nutrition and access to healthcare. As the conditions improved, the life expectancy of women has become higher than that of men.From 2001 to 2005, the life expectancy of women was 66.1 years as compared to 63.8 years for men.\"Due to higher life-expectancy among women, it was expected that the population of women will take over the population of men,\" she added.Dr Menabde said, \"Indian hospitals must provide services which are age-friendly including a separate geriatric department. Wherever a separate department is not possible, separate queues/windows may be provided. There should be provision for free/subsidized medicines especially for elderly in BPL families. Ramps and chairs for disabled may be provided.\"WHO said nearly 142 million people in the south-east Asia region are above the age of 60 years. The number of aged people will double by 2025, and triple by 2050 compared to 2000. The average life expectancy in most countries in the region will be above 75 years by 2050.Overall, nearly 7.5% of India's population is aged 60 years and above. In rural India, 7.5% people are aged 60+, while in urban India the corresponding figure is 7%.According to the 2006 World Population Prospects, India's 80+ will increase more than six times from existing 78 lakh to about 5.14 crore by 2050. Now, 20% of this category in India suffers from Alzheimer's disease . The 65+ population is expected to quadruple from 6.4 crore in 2005 to 23.9 crore, while those aged 60 and above will increase from 8.4 crore to 33.5 crore over the next 43 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "12513139", "title": "Congress man 'killed' by BJD supporters", "text": "KEONJHAR: Tension mounted in Nandipada police station area of Keonjhar district on Monday after the murder of a former sarpanch. The deceased was identified as Baisnaba Biswal (60) of Samana village. A Congress supporter, Biswal's throat was slit in a brutal attack by some alleged supporters of BJD of the area due to political rivalry.Demanding immediate arrest of the accused, irate supporters of the former sarpanch set ablaze several vehicles and shops in the area. Congress supporters also blocked the Anandpur-Hatadihi road near Hatadihi in protest of the murder of their leader in broad daylight.According to sources, the incident occurred at about 7 am when about two dozen miscreants allegedly attacked Biswal about 100 meters from his house.Police reached the spot after about four hours of the incident, sources said. I C Acharya, IIC Nandipada, said, \"The situation is under control. The man was murdered due to political rivalry. The accused are yet to be arrested.\"Family members of the deceased alleged Biswal was killed because he was in protest of some illegal activities in Samana panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12512659", "title": "Three hurt in cracker unit blast", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Three persons were injured in a blast at a firecracker manufacturing unit at Enthayar near Mundakkayam on Monday.Appachan, 58, of Enthayar, wife Leelamma, 50, and Mariappan Pillai, 48, a worker in the unit, were the injured. Mariappan and Leelamma were admitted to Government Medical College Hospital here.\"Mariappan is in a critical stage with 90% burns. Leelamma has suffered 30% burns,\" the superintendent of medical college said.The blast occurred around 7.15am. Appachan's house was damaged in the blast. The nearby buildings also suffered damage.The unit was being run by Appachan in a shed near his house, without licence. He used to supply crackers to his relative Thomas Chacko, who too has a manufacturing unit near Appachan's house. Chacko has a licence till 2013.On investigation, police found that Chacko had also violated rules while setting up the manufacturing unit in his house near Appachan's house. Police have registered a case against Appachan for running the unit without licence and against Chacko for violating rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12511747", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi International Airport bags ISO certification", "text": "HYDERABAD: Adding another feather to its cap, the GMR Hyderabad International Airport Ltd's (GHIAL) Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (RGIA) has bagged the ISO 14064 -1: 2006 certification for its Greenhouse Gas (GHG) inventory.RGIA is the second airport in India, after Mumbai, and the third in Asia to have achieved this feat, that indicates the airport's commitment towards environmental issues. The audit of its GHG, which includes both Greenhouse gas emissions and removals, was conducted by M/S Bureau Veritas that submitted its independent report on March 31.The verification of GHG inventories will help the airport in reducing its carbon intensity, which is carbon footprint per passenger or per ton of cargo handled, cost of energy and meet the GHG accounting international norms in the aviation sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "the actress is impressed with the tolly superstar after she shot an item number for rajib's 'bikram singha", "code": "12516448", "title": "I\u2019m in love with Prosenjitji: Mahek Chahal", "text": "The actress is impressed with the Tolly superstar after she shot an item number for Rajib's 'Bikram Singha: The Lion is Back'First time in a Bengali filmI am really excited to be part of \" Bikram Singha: The Lion is Back\". It was my dream to act in a Bengali film and when I heard that Bappi Lahiri, the guru of pop, had penned the song and composed the tune, I jumped at the offer. It's a very friendly and warm unit. Since Bengali women have large eyes and full lips, a lot of people in the unit thought I was Bengali! In the two days that I've been here, I've also got offers to act in Bengali films.In step with the Tolly badshahI'd heard that he was a huge star in Bengal and has been in the industry for a long time. But when I met him, he looked so good-looking, young and fit. I am in love with Prosenjitji! He told me a lot about how Bengali cinema has evolved over the years. He's going to suggest names of some must-watch Bengali films, which I plan to take back with me.On Baba Yadav, the dance guruHis youthful energy keeps the whole unit on its feet. And the best part is, he's not like the other dance masters - serious and strict! This carefree attitude was perfect for me to groove to his brilliant choreography.Working with RajibHe's a really quiet guy - always in front of the monitor. The song has Prosenjitji - a serious cop - walking in and I try to woo him with my jhatkas and matkas. It involves quite a bit of acting and Rajib explained the situation to me in just two minutes. As a director his only concern is that the unit should feel comfortable.Tuck-in and buy buy timeI hate fish, so there's no way I'll try the fish curry here, which I know is very famous. But yes, mishti doi and Kolkatar rosogolla are two things I can't do without! I have a clothing line and I am going to buy fabrics from here. Dhakai, big-border tangail and dhonekhali saris are famous here and and once I'm done, I plan to buy all of these.Future plansNo more eye-candy roles! I am looking forward to performance-oriented characters and if I have to wait for that, I will. It's better to work in only three films a year than 50.Team Bikram Singha on MahekMahek is extremely professional and has no Bolly airs about her. In just two days, she has made friends with the entire unit. As she is dancing to a Bengali song where language might create a barrier in her performance, she takes care to rehearse the expressions with all her heart and soul, even in this heat. I think this is something to learn from her.Prosenjit ChatterjeeWith Mahek dancing to this peppy number, half my job is done as she is a mind-blowing dancer with the perfect adayein. The theme that I'm following for this particular song is entertainment entertainment and entertainment. She is extremely flexible and open to suggestions.Baba YadavMahek is a scintillating performer and professional to the core. She asked me the meaning of the song several times so that she gets the right expressions and moves.Rajib", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12512972", "title": "Cops net notorious snatcher, solve 5 cases", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Crime branch of Chandigarh Police have arrested a notorious snatcher Nawab Ali and cracked five snatching cases, including three that took place recently, on Monday. Accused Nawab Ali was arrested near Manimajra and has been taken in police custody for two days.Inspector Amanjot Singh said accused snatched gold chains and purses from Saroj Bharti of Sector 35, Gudiya Devi of Manimajra, Angrej Kaur of Sector 47, Soma Devi of Sector 23 and Suman Bhardwaj of Manimajra. During interrogation, accused Ali disclosed that his two relatives Asrar and Abrar were lodged in Model Burail jail, and was inspired by both of them to commit crimes, he added.Though, Saroj and Gudiya were targeted in September, 2011, victims Kaur, Soma and Suman were targeted in March, 2012. Two gold chains, a cellphone and two earrings were also recovered from the possession accused Ali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12516709", "title": "Celebration of 'Bhooter Bhobishyot'", "text": "Kolkata lived up to its love for fun by turning up in hordes for \" Bhooter Bhobishyot\", which is running full house for the third consecutive week in the city.The cast of the comedy, Swastika Mukherjee, Parambrata Chatterjee, Mumtaz Sorcar, including director Anik Datta, hit multiplexes this weekend to interact with the audience and find out their reactions.\"At some of the plexes, we interacted with the viewers during intermission and asked them questions regarding the film. The winners got music CDs of the movie,\" said Mumtaz, who plays the ghost of a young, vibrant girl.\"We shot for the movie at Srirampur Rajbari during winters. We heard that the place was actually haunted. People would say 'Oi shiri diye namben na'. But aamrai to bhoot chilam, aar ki bhoote bhoy pabo,\" said Swastika, sharing an anecdote.\"The ghosts must have got scared thanks to our tantrums. We were bigger ghosts,\" said Mumtaz.Stuti Agarwal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "varnasi", "code": "12512890", "title": "BJP leaders sit on token fast, give political hues to Ganga campaign", "text": "VARNASI: The Ganga Seva Abhiyanam (GSA), a movement to save the holy river and restore its glory under the patronage of Shankaracharya of Jyotish Peeth and Dwarka Sharda Peeth Swami Swaroopanand Saraswati, is a non-political campaign in nature in Varanasi. But the way Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) extended its support gave a political touch to the movement. However, both the sides denied any political meaning to it.\"There is no political motive in our support to the Ganga movement,\" said BJP state chief Surya Pratap Shahi who, along with other senior BJP leaders and workers, sat on a token fast in support of the movement at Kedar Ghat in Varanasi on Monday. Interestingly, while addressing the gathering, he did not forget to mention that the issue of Ganga was included in the election manifesto (UP assembly election) of the party. \"In principle, we have also resolved to raise the issues of Ganga and Yamuna in the national executive meet of the party,\" he said.He held the government's policies responsible for the increasing pollution level in Ganga and other rivers. \"BJP ke shashan kaal mein BOD level control mein tha. Aaj BOD level 2001 ke mukable duguna hai, main aapko data dikha sakta hoon (During the BJP regime in the state, the level of BOD (biochemical oxygen demand) was under control. Today, the BOD level in Ganga is just double in comparison to the level in 2001, I can show you the data),\" said Shahi when asked what the BJP had done for Ganga when it was in power. He, however, did not show any such data but went on saying that the pollution level increased in later course during the regimes of Samajwadi Party (SP) and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP). Whatever the data that Shahi was referring to, the records of water quality data compiled by the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) contradict his claims.The NGRBA records clearly show that the water quality of Ganga, particularly in Varanasi, slightly improved both in terms of BOD and dissolved oxygen (DO) from 2001 to 2010. According to the data, the BOD level at the time of the launch of Ganga Action Plan (GAP) in 1986 was 10.1 mg/l in the upstream (Asi Ghat) and 10.6 mg/l in the down stream (Rajghat). While the BOD level was 2.5 mg/l in upstream and 4.4 mg/l in down stream in 2001, slight improvement was recorded with reduced BOD levels in upstream (2.26 mg/l) and down stream (3.78 mg/l).The acceptable limit of BOD as prescribed for bathing purpose is less than 3 mg/l. Similarly the DO levels also improved during this period. According to the records, in 2001 the DO level was 6.5 mg/l in upstream and it improved to 8.46 mg/l in 2010. In the down stream, the DO level improved from 7.2 mg/l (2001) to 7.85 mg/l (2010).The acceptable limit of DO is 5 mg/l or more. Besides the mismatch between Shahi's claims and NGRBA data, the atmosphere at the 'upwas' (fast) venue also turned pro-BJP when he was greeted with the slogan of Jai Shri Ram by the BJP workers. One could also see other things like party flags and banners at the fasting place. During his speech, he said his party was committed to save the Ganga and its uninterrupted flow. The BJP would extend its support to all such movements for Ganga, he said. Local MLAs Shyamdeo Roy Chaudhury, Jyotsna Srivastava, Ravindra Jaiswal, mayor Kaushlendra Singh, Ram Gopal Mohale also joined the fast. The volunteers of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam also tried to keep themselves away from any political tag.\"We have not invited the BJP or any other political party, they themselves extended their support. We welcome all those who want to do something for Ganga,\" said Devi Purnamba, who looks after Ganga 'tapasya' at Kedar Ghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12513605", "title": "No reason to panic: health authorities", "text": "COIMBATORE: Following the death of an H1N1 flu patient in the city on Saturday, a meeting of health department officials and representatives of major hospitals in the city was held on Monday morning. The district deputy director of health services chaired the meeting in which all hospitals were instructed to keep their isolation wards ready with ventilator facility to admit H1N1 patients in any case of emergency. All private hospital authorities were also instructed to immediately notify the health department and district administration if they are treating any H1N1 positive patients.\"We have asked them to immediately notify us about any H1N1 cases so that we could be prepared to meet any situation. There should not be any delay in informing us about the case. Private hospitals have also been asked to refer the patient well in advance to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital and not at the last minute after the patient is beyond help,\" said Dr S Senthilkumar, deputy director health services, Coimbatore.The district administration is also expected to issue instructions to the two private labs, Immuno Lab and Micro Lab, in Coimbatore to immediately notify the district administration if they detect any positive case. Private hospitals equipped to treat H1N1 cases should also notify district collector, deputy director health services, resident medical officer of Coimbatore Medical College Hospital or the city corporation health officer about patients undergoing treatment at their medical facilities.\"At the moment there is no need to panic as it could be an isolated case and, moreover, major H1N1 outbreak is not generally reported during summer season,\" Senthilkumar added.The district health department has a stock of over 18,000 tamiflu tablets to be given to patients who show initial symptoms of H1N1 infection. However, it has not stocked H1N1 vaccines as officials claimed there were no mass H1N1 vaccination drives being conducted at the moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12512549", "title": "Parents seeks probe into death of daughter in Pune", "text": "TRICHY: Parents and relatives of a 25-year old girl who died in a hospital in Pune a fortnight ago, after she eloped with an army soldier, submitted a petition to district collector Jayashree Muralidharan on Monday seeking justice in her mysterious death.A Shamimbanu, was the first of the four children of A Abdulsathik (49) and M Sirajunisha (46) of Kamaraj Nagar in Trichy and worked as an accountant in a city hotel. On March 8, she went to work in the morning as usual but failed to return home in the evening. Efforts to trace her went in vain, and her family later learnt that she eloped with one Anbazhagan, a military soldier in Pune. The two had met at the wedding of Shamimbanu's childhood friend D Josephine (27) a few years ago and fallen in love. Josephine, a woman police in the armed reserve in Trichy and Shamimbanu's childhood friend allegedly helped them to elope to Pune.On March 9, when the girl's mother lodged a complaint with the Airport police in Trichy about her daughter, the police refused to accept the same and advised her to deal with the Pune police instead. While the family was still clueless about her whereabouts, a phone call from Josephine on March 10 informed them that Shamimbanu was admitted in a government hospital in Pune in a critical condition. She also said that she had received this information from Anbazhagan.Four persons including Sirajunisha reached Pune on March 12 and Anbazhagan guided them over the phone to the hospital where Shamimbanu was admitted. Despite treatment, she died in the hospital on March 14. Meanwhile, the 6.5 sovereigns of gold jewels which she wore were also missing. After the post mortem, they brought the body back to Trichy and performed the last rites.When contacted, Josephine told TOI that after she shifted to Subramaniapuram, she could not meet her friend frequently. She added that she had learnt about the missing of Shamimbanu only through their parents on March 10 and that she did not receive any call from Anbazhagan. The parents on Monday, sought the collector's intervention to question Anbazhagan and Josephine to unfold the mystery behind their daughter's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12513163", "title": "Youth lynched after brawl with vegetable vendor", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A 25-year-old youth was allegedly lynched by an angry mob at Ghatikia market near Khandagiri here on Sunday night, sparking tension in the area on Monday. The deceased Sandip Nanda, a resident of Ghatikia area, was an MBA degree holder.Sandip and two of his friends allegedly picked up a brawl with a vegetable vendor at Ghatika market over a petty issue. The vendor called his friends to settle scores with Sandip. Armed with weapons and wooden planks, the mob reached the market in no time and started beating Sandip black and blue. Sandip's friends were also roughed up while trying to rescue him.A profusely bleeding Sandip was first rushed to a private hospital and later shifted to another private healthcare centre after his condition worsened, but he succumbed to his injuries.Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh said eight men have been arrested in connection with the murder. \"Prima facie, it seemed he was lynched following a brawl with the vendor. We are trying to find out whether he had any old enmity with anyone,\" Singh said.Sandip's uncle Dipak Kumar Nanda said the accused had nurtured a grudge against him since the last few months and the murder was a fallout of the past hostility. \"Both groups have locked horns with each other since the Holi festival over a petty argument,\" Nanda said.Livid over the murder, Sandip's friends and relatives staged a demonstration at the Khandagiri Square and demanded immediate arrest of the accused. Movement of traffic was disrupted for nearly half an hour following the agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12511023", "title": "Summer brings a rise in burglaries", "text": "NAGPUR: It's beginning of summer. The coolers are out. It is also time for the burglars to get active. Apart from taking advantage of the cooler noise that helps them gain easy entry into houses, burglars also watch out for families going out for summer vacation leaving a locked home behind.Police record show 113 houses were broken into in the last two months compared to 91 in Jan-Feb 2011. While 19 cases were detected last year, this year the number has reduced to 11. In all 672 houses were burgled in 2011 and 184 were detected.On Sunday, two houses were broken-in and burglars sneaked out with more than Rs 4 lakh worth of booty from them. Around 6 pm, Gautam Tabhane, a central railway supervisor, had been to their relative's place when the burglars broke the lock of the main door and took away 80 gram gold valuables, cash and silver ornaments.Police said the family came home around 10 pm to find lock broken and wooden showcase and almirah ransacked and valuables gone. Tabhane alerted Rana Pratap Nagar police who have registered a case. The loss estimated by the cops was Rs 3.15 lakh.Police said in Tabhane's case, the burglary took place an hour after the family left home. \"The neighbours claimed they didn't hear any suspicious sound. It's all due to cooler noise,\" said PSI Mohammad Jafar from Rana Pratap Nagar police station.\"Thieves patrol the area to check which house is locked for days and then target it. They even study neighbours' movement before breaking-in,\" said a cop from Lakadganj police station. At Datta Nagar under Lakadganj house of Shaloo Paunikar, a primary school teacher, presented a similar story. She and her family had locked the home before leaving for a relative's wedding on Sunday evening.When they returned on Monday morning, the latch was broken and the house ransacked. They found valuables and cash worth Rs 1.16 lakh missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12512897", "title": "Muslim leaders question the basis of CPM", "text": "KOZHIKODE: At a time when the CPM gets ready to stress its Marxian ethos at the 20th party congress, Muslim organizations have unleashed a campaign against Marxism through their mouthpieces. The latest issues of magazines brought out by these organizations say that the ideology is not a solution to capitalism and questions the CPM's approach towards Muslims.Prabodhanam, the mouthpiece of Jamaat-e-Islami, has an article by Muhammed Velam which states that the CPM has failed to understand the ethos of Islam.Presentation of Chekkannur Moulavi as the leader of Muslim renaissance at the history exhibition organized as part of the congress has proved that the party has not understood the community properly, he wrote.Faced with the threat from fascism, Muslims in India tried to befriend the CPM. But the treatment meted out to the Indian National League (INL) exposed the latent dislike the CPM nurtured towards Muslim organizations. Muhammad went on to add that the CPM too was not free from the Euro-centric and colonial attitude towards Muslims, which acted as a thick wall between the communists and the Muslims.The editorial of Sathyadhara, the organ of the E K faction of Sunnis, says that it would be a worthwhile exercise to experiment the Islamic economics at a time when hollowness of both capitalism and communism has been exposed.The article by M A Salam Koottalungal flays the CPM for trying to appropriate the spiritual leader Maburam Syed Alavi Thangal, who was also the leader of the anti-imperialist agitations in Malappuram.According to him, Thangal had forewarned the emergence of materialist ideologies even before the advent of communism.The article by P Noorul Amin in Thejas biweekly, the pro-PFI magazine, focuses on the 'murder politics' unleashed by the CPM. The article titled 'How did the red flag become red' brands CPM as a party which could not tolerate difference of opinion.The murder of NDF worker Fazal at Thalassery and the killing of MSF activist Shukkoor at Pattuvam in Kannur have been highlighted to show how 'the CPM also has the face of Sangh Parivar'.In Sathydhara, A P Abdullakutty, MLA, who deserted the CPM, suggests that the party congress should take the initiative in discarding the age-old concept of people's democratic revolution as it did with the Kolkata thesis. The magazine has articles by IUML leader K N A Khader, C R Neelakandan and K S Hariharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12512821", "title": "7 injured as two buses collide", "text": "MYSORE: In a road mishap between two buses, seven persons were injured near ColumbiaAsia Hospital off Mysore-Bangalore Road on Monday morning.The accident took place at 8.30am, when a KSRTC bus, which was travelling towards Bangalore from Mysore, rammed another bus belonging to Vidya Vikas Education Institution which was crossing the Mysore-Bangalore Road through ring road.Police blamed KSRTC bus driver's negligence for the accident. All those injured underwent treatment in ColumbiaAsia Hospital. A case has been registered at NR Mohalla traffic police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12513583", "title": "\u2018Lanka must be conscious of human rights issue\u2019", "text": "COIMBATORE: Sri Lanka must be conscious of human rights issues in the country and the reconstruction of Sri Lanka will not be easy if they do not accept the conditions, said Armugum Parsuramen, a former education minister of Mauritius who was also a representative of UNESCO in India, Bhutan, Maldives and Sri Lanka. He was talking to the press after attending a function at the Camford International School in the city on Monday.\"The reconstruction of the country will not be easy if there is no situation of self-acceptance in the country. This is necessary to ensure peace,\" he said. On the possible measures the UN would take against Sri Lanka if it did not pay heed to their demands, he said this would depend on the political equations. \"The UN can take actions. But it is a fact that this will be dependent on the political maneuverings of the countries,\" he said.Parasuramen said that as a representative of the UNESCO he was involved in some projects in Sri Lanka. \"We were involved in the reconstruction of the Jaffna library. Though we did not face problems in our projects, we had to intervene in circumstances when the press faced problems,\" he said.On his opinion whether Vijay Nambiar, the then UN representative, took the situation seriously, he said if it was found that a UN staff erred in his duties, action would be initiated by the global agency. \"This could have been an error in judgment. He may not have had the information on the issue. However, if it is found that there was a deliberate failure in his duty, the UN will take swift action,\" he said.Parasuramen said that India must invest more in the field of education. \"India inherited a colonial system and had to face several problems associated with this. Even Gandhiji had to face several challenges in starting schools here,\" he said.Parasuramen said that he will be visiting some schools founded by Gandhiji in Bihar. He appreciated TOI's efforts in the field of education. \"The Times of India is an active supporter in several of UNESCO's efforts. I wish we will have more such partnerships in the future,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12513324", "title": "Bajpai to head state Planning Commission", "text": "Navin Chandra Bajpai, who was appointed as chairman of the State Planning Commission, took the charge of his new assignment here on Monday. Bajpai had earlier served as chief secretary in Mulayam Singh Yadav's government. He was removed from the post by the Election Commission during 2007 assembly polls.All India bandh: Akhil Bharatiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal has taken a decision to observe 'Bharat Mahabandh' on April 24 in support of the demands of bullion traders and to oppose increase in service tax, and export duty. If the government fails to take any decision on their demands, the traders would hold demonstrations at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi on April 27, said national president of the vyapar mandal Sandeep Bansal.'Implement pension schemes': JP Puri, convener of UP Cooperative Bank Retired Employees Association in a memorandum addressed to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav demanded implementation of pension scheme on the pattern of employees of nationalised banks. He said that the government had constituted a committee under the chairmanship of secretary, cooperative on April 25, 2000 and thereafter another committee was constituted in on August 21, 2000 whereby it was unanimously decided to implement the pension scheme in UP Cooperative Banks after obtaining individual's acceptance. He said that accordingly, the employees and retirees of the UP Cooperative Bank had given their acceptance within the desired period, but the bank management did not implement the decisions taken by the said committees. Puri has requested the chief minister to implement the pension scheme without any further delay because the retired UP Cooperative Banks employees are facing financial crisis.Cultural festival: Like previous years, this year too Aashiana Pariwar is organising 'Dakshin Lucknow Sanskritik Mahotsava' at Dr SC Pandey Park at sector-K, Aashiana Colony from April 8 to April 17. In this mahotsava, cultural glimpses of different states will be presented on each day.Education conference: Divine Education Conference of City Montessori School, Chowk, Mahanagar and Gomtinagar campus were organised on Monday. On this occasion, students presented beautiful cultural items full of divine thoughts that parents were thrilled and happy to watch them. The songs of peace, love and unity presented by students filled the atmosphere with the divine light of world unity.Birth anniv of Rahul Sankritayan: Baba Saheb Bhimrao Ambedkar Mahasabha will be celebrating the birth anniversary function of Rahul Sankritayan at Ambedkar auditorium on April 9 at 2.00 pm. Renowned writer Mudra Rakshas, Virendra Yadav, a critic, Prof Ramnaresh Chaudhary of Gorakhpur University and former Lucknow mayor Dauji Gupta will present their views on this occasion.Abhivyakti-2012: Maharana Pratap group of institutions organised 'Abhivyakti-2012' to welcome new students, to celebrate annual festival and to bid adieu to the final year students. Director general of the institute RLL Dixit delivered the keynote address followed by a lecture given by Rupali Chandra, head, Maharana Institute of Communication studies. The grand finale of the function will be held on April 5 with award giving ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12512677", "title": "Dalit outfits petition collector against non-dalit association", "text": "MADURAI: Dalit outfits here sought action on an association called 'Dalit Allatha Podhu Makkal Nala Sangam' (Non-dalit People Welfare Association) during the public grievance redressal day held at the collectorate on Monday. They said that the association was formed with the intention of discriminating against dalits.The association has been registered at the District Registrar Office (Madurai South) under the Tamil Nadu Societies Registration Act, 1975 on March 2, 2011. with the association address as Door No: 60, Lakshmanapuram, Bypass Road, Madurai 16. The association has been given the registration number as 44/2011 MDU.The list of members with the registration department states S Loganathan as president, P Sendilkumar as vice president, R Vasudevan as secretary and 20 others as the association members. Interestingly, all the addresses provided in the list are from Vadipatti block in the district. Though, the association in its registration forms mentioned its objective as constructing a society free of caste discrimination, dalit outfits strongly opposed the association as they felt its name was discriminating. Besides, local sources said all the members were cast Hindus and had formed the association to counter the dalit outfits operating in the region. The addresses provided in the list also confirmed that more than a dozen members had mentioned their fathers' name with the caste names all belonging to various backward and most backward communities.M Thangaraj, district president of the Tamil Nadu Untouchability Eradication Front said that he had come to know about the existence of the association after the association wall poster was flashed in the internet. \"When we learnt about it, we visited the place and enquired about the association. We posed as non-dalits who are interested to form similar associations and the office bearers told us that it was an association to counter dalits,\" Thangaraj said. \"Hence, we are seeking action against the people who formed the association under the Prevention of Atrocities against SC/ST Act,\" he stressed.On Monday, a dalit outfit, Tamil Puligal presented a petition to the district collector, U Sagayam urging the district administration to take action against the association and its office bearers. They raised slogans against the officials who registered the association and sought action on the officials as well. Upon receiving the petition, collector U Sagayam instructed officials to conduct an inquiry in this regard. \"If at all, it was a public welfare association it should not have a pre-fix name as non-dalits. A public welfare association should be accessible to everyone and should not discriminate any community,\" he told officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12512817", "title": "Lack of lights makes climbing Chamundi Hills an uphill task", "text": "MYSORE: Every day, hundreds of people, including devotees and tourists, climb the 1,001 steps of Chamundi Hill to visit the Chamundeshwari Temple situated atop the hill. But with fewer lights along the stairs, it's literally become an uphill task for them to reach the hill top during early morning and late evening hours.On auspicious days like Fridays, Tuesdays and on holidays, over thousand people climb the steps. Also, hundreds of fitness freaks climb the steps in the wee hours. The devotees believe that climbing the steps to offer puja is auspicious.Only 20-24 lights help the climbers, while the rest have become defunct for want of maintenance. Because of this, those who rest mid-way often are scared to sit in dark places. Pramod Kashyap, a Bangalore-based businessman, who climbs steps once in a month to offer puja, said: \"It's scary during late evening hours to climb, thanks to the presence of leopards, wild boars and snakes there. For the past few months, I'm equipping myself with a torch.\"Another devotee P Shruhti, a homemaker, says it's unsafe for women and children to go there in the dark. \"I have seen many drunkards and gamblers freaking out besides the steps. In spite of being a prominent destination for tourists and pilgrims, Chamundi Hill lacks facilities. Only a fewer lights are working. Who will be responsible if women devotees are robbed?\" she asked. The authorities install new lights along the steps during the Dasara, the season when the number of pilgrims peaks. Chamundeshwari Temple executive officer S Ninganna said about 20 lights were replaced during the Dasara. \"The lights frequently go defunct due to voltage fluctuations. I will look into the issue, and shall take necessary action soon,\" he added.However an officer, on the condition of anonymity, said the gram panchayat authorities concern have failed to maintain the lights.He said during the next release of funds under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission, they will make arrangements for additional lights, shelters and drinking water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511384", "title": "Good Friday service at August Kranti Maidan", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan ended the controversy over granting of permission for Good Friday services at the August Kranti Maidan after a meeting with Christian groups led by Fr Ernest Fernandes, parish priest of St Stephen's Church, on Monday afternoon.Chavan said since the state has been granting permission for the religious service for 55 years, it made no sense to hold it back on the grounds of maintaining it as a purely sports facility this year.State cultural secretary Anand Kulkarni had refused permission as a \"conscious decision to use the grounds only for sports purposes''. State minorities minister Naseem Khan overruled the decision and said it was a service attended by thousands of people. \"It is a question of their sentiments,'' he remarked.Chavan met the delegation led by Fr Fernandes and Bharatiya Janata Party legislator Mangal Prabhat Lodha . Also at the meeting were state minister Varsha Gaikwad, additional chief secretary Thanksy Thekkekara and Indian Christian Voice president Abraham Mathai.The meeting was called after parleys by Christian groups, the Catholic Secular Forum(CSF), the Association of Concerned Christians( ACC ) the Mumbai Catholic Sabha and others over three days. These groups lobbied politicians,government officials and Church groups to fight the decision which was considered unfair.Catholic Secular Forum secretary Joe Dias along with Fr Fernandes and Fr Avin Franklin had met state chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad on Monday morning, while Association of Concerned Christians leader Joe Sodder met officials along with Bhayander legislator Gilbert Mendonsa.Victor Gollapalli of the Maharashtra Council of Churches had also voiced concern over the issue.Good Friday leads on to Easter Sunday, one of the most important festivals of the Church.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12513421", "title": "Two policemen injured in mishap", "text": "PUNE: Two policemen were injured after the motorcycle they were riding was hit by a car on the NIBM Road on Sunday morning.The police have detained the car driver Arvind Mahendra Varma (44), a resident of Kondhwa.The incident took place at around 11.30 am at Jyoti chowk on NIBM Road.The policemen were on patrolling duty when the car hit their motorcycle from behind.Police officials who reached the spot arrested the driver. A medical test of the driver was carried out. The policemen, Bhausaheb Mangade and Ganesh Gosavi, have suffered head and leg injuries.The Kondhwa police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12513149", "title": "It's Zardari's first visit without Benazir", "text": "AJMER: It will be a moment of reminiscence for the current President of Pakistan Asif Ali Zardari when he visits the dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishty at Ajmer on April 8. The last time he visited the dargah was in 2005, when he was accompanied by his wife, former Prime Minister of Pakistan late Benazir Bhutto on a personal trip.Released from jail, Zardari had come to the shrine in 2005 with Bhutto and had spent 30 minutes in prayers. That was his first visit to dargah. \"I recall him as a kind and good man who paid 3,000 dollars for organizing rituals and prayers,\" said Sayeed Iqbal Kaptan, priest of the Bhutto family.Benazir was regular visitor and she had faith on the teachings of Sufism. \"Benazir came to Ajmer in 2003 and offered prayers for release of her husband. That was the first time she looked tense and offered prayers for her own wish,\" said Kaptan.Kaptan said that Benazir returned again with her husband in 2005 and was happy. \"Both remained in the shrine for more than half-an-hour inside the dargah and sat there offering prayers,\" added Kaptan.Benazir came first time in 1991 and offered prayers for peace, as she wrote here, \"Prayers for peace, for well being of humanity, for tolerance and understanding.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12516304", "title": "Salman bhai's a rock star: Pulkit Samrat", "text": "No doubt newbie Pulkit Samrat is quite excited for his upcoming debut film 'Bittoo Boss'which is set to release soon. Talking about the film, Pulkit says, \"I was struggling and this film came as a miracle to me.Also I had undergone five to six auditions and kept on meeting the production people to convince them that I can handle this role as a newcomer. So, I hope I have done a satisfactory work. Moreover, I am 'super excited' for the film.\" Revealing more about his role, he adds, \"I'm playing a Punjabi launda who's a phot cum videographer and he's so good that people postpone weddings of their daughters and sons if he's not available. The story is about his life and how his world changes.\" So, did he do any home work for the film? He replies, \"I'm from Delhi with Punjabi background, so it was helpful but, I had to do lot of homework for the role like I had to catch the particular lingo and accent of a Punjabi boy. Plus, to look like a perfect photo/videographer, I took training from a friend of mine who has a studio in Delhi.\"And what about the catchy line Bittoo sabki lega...? Is it a trend these days to have different lingos in a film? \"Yes, it is and I'm happy that my film's lingo is catching on people. They are appreciating it and taking it in a good spirit. But, I'll clarify that such words that have been used in our film are not fitted forcibly but are those which are used in a daily life and was the demand of the script,\" says he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12513212", "title": "State govt transfers five IAS officers", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another reshuffle, government shifted five IAS officers on Monday. Anoop Mishra, chairman, UP State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC) has been given additional charge of investment commissioner, UP and New Delhi. Mrityunjay Kumar Narayan, commissioner, Meerut and managing director, Pashchimanchal Vidyut Vitran Nihgam, Meerut has been divested of the charge of managing director of Pashchimanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam, Meerut.Dheeraj Sahu, joint managing director, UP Power Corporation has been made managing director of Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam evam Jal Vidyut Nigam while Sudhir Kumar Srivastava, mission director, NRHM and executive director, SIFSA is now secretary, secretariat administration.Amit Gupta, district magistrate, Bijnore has been posted as managing director of Pashchimanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam, Meerut. Besides this, two senior PCS rank officers were also transferred on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12512037", "title": "Jewellers' wives on chain hunger strike", "text": "NASHIK: The wives of jewellers from the city on Monday went on a chain hunger strike at Saraf Bazaar to express solidarity with their husbands, who have launched an agitation to protest against the tax proposals in the Union Budget. Around 55 women participated in a chain hunger strike. The Nashik jewellers have decided to intensify their strike as no decision has yet been taken by the Central government on rollback of the taxes levied by it in the budget.The indefinite strike called by jewellers in Nashik entered its tenth day on Monday, even as no decision has been taken by the central government so far on the rollback of taxes introduced in the budget.\"We have decided to intensify our strike as no decision has been taken by the Central government yet regarding the issue. Now, the wives of all the jewellers have also joined the strike. Around 55 women on Monday participated in a chain hunger strike in Nashik,\" said Rajendra Odhekar, president, Nashik Jewellers Assocaition.\"Meanwhile, a delegation of the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation (AIGJTF) is expected to meet the finance minister, Pranab Mukherjee, in Delhi on Tuesday to discuss the issue. We hope the meeting has a positive outcome. Besides, our national association (AIGJTF) has decided take out a morcha on April 10 in Delhi if the government does not take a decision in this connection,\" he said.Earlier, all the jewellery shops across Nashik had gone on a four-day strike on March 17 to support the nation-wide strike waged by the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation (AIGJTF) and the Mumbai Wholesale Gold Jewellers' Association (MWGJA), but had withdrawn the strike on March 20 after finance minister Pranab Mukherjee assured the AIGJTF delegation that he would take a positive decision, but he didn't. Finally, they again went on an indefinite strike from March 24.The Saraf Bazaar, which is the major jewellery market in the city, has worn a deserted look for the last 10 days. There are around 450 jewellery shops across the city. The Union Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee, in the budget presented on March 16, made two per cent rise in import duty and proposed increase in excise duty on unbranded precious jewellery, and doubled the customs duty on standard gold from 2 per cent to 4 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12512361", "title": "Holding talks with Maoists useless, says Union home secretary", "text": "PATNA: Union home secretary R K Singh, on Monday, said holding talks with Maoists would not help solve the problem as they wanted to establish a one-party rule on Chinese pattern.Expressing concern over the Maoists and jihadis posing serious threat to country's internal security, Singh said they were working at cross-purposes as, on the one hand, they would vow to work for the welfare of tribal and poor people but, on the other hand, kill people of the same sections of society at whims. He stressed the need of strong intelligence network to tackle Maoists and Jehadis problems.Singh said there were many challenges on the internal security front, but Maoists were a more serious problem and needed to tackle with force.Singh was here to inaugurate the Indo Tibetan Border Police's (ITBP) first sector headquarters in the state. Praising the ITBP as the ace force of the country, Singh said for many states, it was the first choice among all paramilitary forces in the country.The sector headquarters here would give Biharis in the ITBP a chance to stay with their families, he said. That apart, setting up the headquarters at Patna was part of the central government's plan to strengthen internal security in the country, Singh added.Earlier, DG ITBP Ranjit Sinha said that ITBP personnel were working at 18,000ft above sea level and guarding the northern border from Karakoram in Ladakh to Sikkim, besides providing security to Indian embassies in disturbed areas like Kabul . They were also part of the UN force in Congo and some other countries. He said the ITBP was also engaged in adventure sports and soon a river-rafting expedition would be organized on the Ganges from Kolkata to Gomukh.IG and DIG of ITBP, K B Singh and Mritunjay Kumar respectively, also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12511218", "title": "Locals fume over mining in Sanquelim residential area", "text": "KERI: Acting on a complaint by residents of Desai Nagar, Sanquelim, officials from the directorate of mines and geology inspected a site in the locality and observed that illegal extraction, handling and transportation of ore was being carried out near the Siddhivinayak temple.On January 18, Tanaji Desai, president, Desai Nagar Residents Committee, Maulinguem-South, handed a memorandum to the director of mines and geology alleging that Sandesh Parab was illegally carrying out excavation in the utility space of Desai Nagar. Desai claimed that Parab had transported the ore through approximately 300 trips to Cotombi.Acting on the complaint, mines officials carried out a site inspection on January 19. Based on the inspection, assistant geologist Jayant Sirsat had directed the complainant, Tanaji Desai, to submit documents regarding the alleged encroachment done by Parab in the open space owned by the committee.Bicholim PI Sudesh Naik on Monday conducted an inspection of the plot. \"On April 1, Parab claimed that the extracted rubble was used for construction of a road. We are investigating the matter.\"Desai Nagar resident Laxman Dhavaskar told TOI \"Over 40 trucks were involved in transporting iron ore extracted from Desai Nagar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12516505", "title": "Ex-Microsoft group creates hit iPad app", "text": "A tablet app born out of a project at Microsoft became an instant hit when it debuted last week. Too bad for the software giant, Microsoft had nothing to do with it.The app, called Paper, has been the most downloaded iPad app since its launch on Friday. It's also No. 3 on the list of top-grossing apps, behind Angry Birds Space HD and Quickoffice Pro.Paper was co-founded by Georg Petschnigg, who worked at Microsoft for 11 years. He led development on a project called Courier. That was Microsoft's code name for a touchscreen computer that folds like a book. Courier was regularly in the news in 2009 and 2010 because of leaked videos and screenshots that were received favorably.Concept videos showed a touchscreen operating system that worked with fingers or a pen, allowing users to clip Web pages by outlining images or create to-do lists from handwritten notes.Then Microsoft said in April 2010, just weeks after Apple released the iPad, that it would not build Courier.Today, five of the folks who worked on Courier are at FiftyThree, the New York-based startup that makes Paper. The six-person, year-old company doesn't have any outside investors, not even Microsoft, Petschnigg said.\"You're starting to see new consumers emerge and new problems,\" he said. \"It doesn't always make sense for a large corporation to go after those customers.\"A spokeswoman for Microsoft declined to comment on FiftyThree, but said in a statement that the Redmond, Washington-based company \"is always looking at new ideas, and testing and incubating them, and Courier was an example of this.\"Petschnigg, FiftyThree's CEO, dresses like a Microsoft executive but speaks in the grandiose style more typical of the Apple faithful. \"We think productivity should be beautiful,\" he said.When asked about Courier, Petschnigg referenced an Oscar-winning comedy that starred Greg Kinnear and Steve Carell .\"In 'Little Miss Sunshine ,' the quest failed,\" but the experience was rewarding, he said. \"Sometimes projects don't work out. That's the name of the game, but that's the path. We have to look forward.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12512524", "title": "Deceased constable was given leave, say cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police officials clarified their stand on the constable suicide case that denial of leave was not the reason for his suicide as he had just got his leave for four days between March 14 and 17. Officials assured that they have started investigating the case to find out the reason for his suicide.On Sunday, Kanubhai Baraiya, 40, an armed constable with city police headquarters and native of Panchmahal, shot himself with a service .303 rifle near his residence in Shahibaug police line. He had rested the barrel below his chin and pulled the trigger before firing four rounds in air.Speculations were rife that Baraiya was disgruntled due to a spat with his superior as he was denied leave. tnn leave and took the extreme stepIn an official press release, the city police stated that the senior officials investigated the case and got to know that Baraiya's nephew got married in March and he had asked for four-day leave for the occasion. 'Baraiya, a jawan with F-5 Company, was granted the casual leave for the same. After that, he had not applied for any leave,' stated the release. The release also mentioned that the investigation has been initiated.Baraiya is survived by his wife and three children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12512485", "title": "NHAI appoints consultant for Gandhi Setu renovation", "text": "PATNA: The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has appointed S N Bhowe and Associates Private Ltd, a Mumbai-based firm, to prepare the detailed project report (DPR) for the renovation of Mahatma Gandhi Setu. The firm is scheduled to submit its DPR to the NHAI later this month, said road construction minister Nand Kishore Yadav in the legislative council on Monday.Replying to a question of Kedar Nath Pandey (CPI), the minister admitted that traffic jam at the bridge had become a regular phenomenon because of sharp increase in the number of vehicles crossing over it.The minister said the ministry of surface transport and highways had transferred the stretch from 207.2km to 222km on NH-19, which includes Mahatma Gandhi Setu, to the NHAI through a gazette notification on September 28, 2011. The inspection of the river bridge was in progress. Soon after the submission of DPR, the NHAI would invite tender for the renovation and maintenance of the bridge, he said.Yadav also said the stretch on the NH-31, from Bakhtiyarpur to Khagaria via Mokama, had been identified for a four-lane road under National Highway Development Programme (NHDP-3). The NHAI has floated tender for the project and work would start in the current financial year itself, he said.Replying to another question, the minister said the Centre, from 2005 till 2011, had sanctioned Rs 1029.99 crore, against the state demand of Rs 3243.59 crore, for the repair of national highways in Bihar. The state government had sent 409 proposals but the Centre sanctioned only 162, he said.Replying to a question of Neeraj Kumar of JD (U), the minister said out of the state demand of Rs 142.76 crore for repair of NH in 2011-12, the Centre sanctioned Rs 5.93 crore only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12510936", "title": "CBI quizzes Ravi Rishi for 5 hours", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Monday recorded the statement of London-based businessman Ravi Rishi, chairman of Vectra group, in connection with its probe related to bribe allegations leveled by Army chief Gen V K Singh in purchase of \"sub-standard\" Tatra trucks.Sources said Rishi was questioned by CBI officials for almost five hours at the agency headquarters and confronted with some documents. Rishi is accused in the case, and CBI may take the help of Interpol to find out if any case was registered in the Czech Republic in the matter sometime in 2011.\"Ravi Rishi was asked about the ownership pattern of Tatra-UK and Vectra group and reasons for changing payment currency from US dollars to euro for supplying trucks to the Army through the Bharat Earth Movers Limited (BEML), a public sector unit,\" said a source.So far, CBI investigations have revealed that the agreement signed earlier with the Foreign Trade Corporation of Czechoslovakia for military vehicles was fraudulently assigned to the Tatra-UK, owned by Rishi, in 1997 showing it as an original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and a fully-owned subsidiary of the Czech company. \"This was against the provisions of defence procurement procedure for supplying the vehicles to Indian Army on the basis of the orders placed by the defence ministry,\" said source.The agency in its FIR has alleged that vehicles worth thousands of crores have been supplied to the Indian Army through the manipulation of the procurement procedures. \"In continuation of the aforesaid conspiracy to cause undue benefit to the UK-based company, unknown officials of the defence PSU allowed change of currency from US dollar to euro and further by not levying the liquidated damages, and causing further loss of approximately Rs 13.27 crore,\" said the FIR.Sources said that Rishi was specifically asked several questions about the misrepresentation, but he reportedly gave conflicting versions that are being verified. He may be called for questioning again on Tuesday, said sources.The CBI, which is also waiting for a detailed reply from Gen V K Singh to initiate a probe into his allegations that he was offered a bribe of Rs 14 crore to clear the purchase of 600 sub-standard Tatra vehicles, on Monday maintained that it may register a separate FIR into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511853", "title": "Bagged a ticket, but can\u2019t skirt RWA glare", "text": "NEW DELHI: They may have managed to get a ticket from political parties, but the battle is far from over for aspiring candidates. Many resident welfare associations (RWAs) are organizing interviews, debates and discussions to assess the worth of candidates. They say that candidates this time will have to clear all the rounds before they go about canvassing for votes.RWAs are also going through manifestos so that they can question the candidates on their agendas and plan of action from Wednesday. \"By asking candidates how they plan to make good their promises, we will be able to gauge their familiarity with the area. Manifestos talk about problems which are common to all areas of the city, but every ward has its own set of problems, which need to be dealt with differently,\" said Ashok Bhasin, president, North Delhi Resident Welfare Federation.Similarly, in the Safdarjung Enclave ward, RWAs will be having debates with candidates from April 4. The residents have decided to take all promises with a pinch of salt and seek specific solutions. They will conduct a four-day-long session where candidates will be given a chance to propose solutions for problems in the area.\"We don't want hollow promises but concrete solutions. If a candidate promises to improve sanitation in the area, he would have to come up with a detailed plan for tackling the problem,\" said Pankaj Aggarwal of Delhi Joint Front.\"Since there are many RWAs in one ward, no panel has been formed. All are welcome,\" Aggarwal added.The RWAs are preparing questionnaires for the candidates. \"Simply mouthing generalities like the need for sanitation, parking and proper roads is not enough. The residents want to participate in the functioning of the civic agency. To this end, we are seeking details about the candidates' plan of action,\" said Anita Bhargava of Lets do it India.Even the candidates have started brushing up on the issues of the area to sound convincing. \"The residents are well informed and want to elect deserving candidates. I have been distributing my manifestos and residents are mailing me their questions. There will be a meeting with RWAs in the coming week. There will be impromptu discussions. I am prepared and clear about my plans for the ward,\" said S P Loonkar, Jago Party candidate from CR Park.Not only RWAs, even former councillors and retired MCD officials have been invited for these sessions. \"Since an ex-councillor knows what the job entails, it was decided that they should be a present during the debates,\" said PK Kohli, member, Model Town RWA.While in some areas candidates are forthcoming, this isn't the trend everywhere. \"We want candidates to come forward and speak to us. We even proposed a meeting with candidates, but they were not keen,\" said Rajiv Karkaria, GK-1 RWA member.\"This time we don't want any verbal promises; we want them in writing. We are scrutinizing their affidavits and questionnaires are being prepared. From next Sunday, we will conduct sessions with all the candidates of Kasturba Nagar,\" said Monu Chadha, president, Jangpura RWA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12511716", "title": "3 SSC officials suspended", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three officials, incharge of conducting SSC examinations in Karimnagar district, were on Monday suspended for picking up question papers of social science examination scheduled to be held on Tuesday instead of mathematics which was to be held on Monday.The question papers of all subjects are kept in police stations for safe keeping. Officials from the directorate of government examinations said the examiners had picked up the social science question papers by mistake. However, the trio did not open the packets containing the question papers.\"There was a gross neglect of duty which could have lead to a question paper leak. But since the officials did not open the question paper packets, they would not have seen the questions,\" said officials from the SSC board.In another incident, an official was suspended for reaching his examination centre in Adilabad two hours after the commencement of the exam.Meanwhile, in Hyderabad, officials of a private school in Mehdipatnam were removed from exam duty for allowing class VI students to decode the OMR sheet which has information about the centre, candidates' names and hallticket numbers from the answer scripts. \"Senior teachers are supposed to decode the answer scripts after the examinations. Decoding has to be done properly so the identity of student will not be known to the evaluator once the answerscripts are sent for the spot evaluation,\" said an official.Officials suspended for picking up question papers of social science examination scheduled to be held on Tuesday instead of mathematics which was to be held on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "jamnagar", "code": "12513680", "title": "22 Gujarat sailors missing since March 21", "text": "JAMNAGAR: As many as 22 sailors from here have been missing since March 21, after they set sail for Somalia from Mumbai port with a consignment of sugar in a vessel called Shivam, a local association of sailors said.\"The family members of 18 sailors from Salaya taluka and four from Porbandar are worried as their bread winners have been missing since over 10 days,\" secretary of Salaya Vahanvati Association Adam Bhaya said on Monday.According to Bhaya, the 22 sailors had left Mumbai port on March 14 with a consignment of 2,200 tonnes of sugar which was to be delivered in Somalia. They were taking the consignment in a cargo vessel 'Shivam', he said. The vessel's captain, Jaku Bhaya, and 21 others had last contacted their families on March 21, and since then there has been no message from them, he said.According to local police, the association has informed the Pakistan Coast Guard and the Somalian port about the missing sailors.Search is on in the Arabian Sea for the missing sailors and the vessel by various agencies, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511692", "title": "State told to pay Rs 4.5L to custodial death victim's kin", "text": "MUMBAI: Almost two years after a man died in the custody of Baramati police, the Bombay high court on Monday directed the state government to pay Rs 4.5 lakh along with 8% interest as compensation to his 26-year-old widow and their three children.The Baramati police had claimed that Janardhan Kale died after coming under the wheels of a truck while trying to escape from custody.The court slammed the police for blatantly violating rules concerning arrests.\"Neither did the police officers record the arrest in their station register nor did they inform Kale's family about his detention,\" said advocate Kuldeep Patil who, along with advocate Prashant Hagare, represented Kale's widow Rekha. \"Kale was illegally detained for three days and not produced before a magistrate within 24 hours as per the law,\" said the lawyers.The CID, which was entrusted with the probe, said it was a case of accident and there were \"lapses and negligence\" on part of the Baramati police.The high court has also given Rekha the liberty to file a civil claim for damages. The judges have asked the police to submit their report on June 15, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12511948", "title": "Share auto plan remains on paper since 2001", "text": "NASHIK: Having put in place a plan to introduce share autorickshaws in the city over a decade ago, the Regional Transport Office is in no hurry to implement the system. As passengers get fleeced and six-seven persons are stuffed into autorickshaws to even some of them being looted at the hands of autorickshaw drivers, the RTO remains oblivious to the happenings in Nashik.It has been over 11 years since a list of 26 routes has been ready with the RTO, on which autorickshaws are expected to charge passengers as per tariff or ask three passengers to share the tariff among them. However, nothing is done on part of the RTO or the police to see this change happen in the city.RTO officials said these routes were finalized in 2001 and drivers were expected to charge fare by metre on these routes. They had also allowed the fare to be shared between three passengers by paying 25 per cent more than tariff on metre. However, all of this has remained on paper.While autorickshaw drivers said they were ready to charge fare by metre, passengers dismissed those claims and said the drivers refused to ply by metre.Regional transport officer Chandrakant Kharatmal admitted that the plans have not been implemented. \"The share system has always been there and it is expected that autorickshaw drivers take fare according to the metre. However, unfortunately this has not happened,\" he said.He said there have been conflicting reports about fare being charged by metre. \"On one hand passengers are saying that autos do not charge as per metre, while on the other, drivers say passengers are not ready to pay fare accordingly,\" he said.Kharatmal, however, said they will add more routes for share autorickshaws. \"Due to growth of the city, we are contemplating to add new routes for share rickshaws and this will be done by putting up proper boards on the routes concerned for convenience of auto passengers,\" he said.Meanwhile, RTO officials said a survey will be taken up and new routes will be decided through co-ordination between the RTO, police and the Nashik Municipal Corporation.RTO officials blamed it on lack of staff and willingness among the passengers and autorickshaw drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12516393", "title": "Asin don't want to emulate Sridev", "text": "Asin seems to be enjoying her Bollywood stint to the core. The actor, who is eagerly awaiting the release of her next film in B-town, Housefull 2, opposite Akshay Kumar says that she had great fun being part of the multi-starrer. \"I play Rishi Kapoor's daughter in the film, who lives in London . It was fun working with Akshay, who was a wonderful co-star,\" says the actor.The latest buzz in K-town is that the actor, who seems to have put Kollywood on the backburner, has been approached by none other than director Shankar for his next. So is the news true? \"I did meet him at the Filmfare Awards and we sat next to each other. That must have resulted in these rumours,\" says says Asin. But was she approached for the film? \"You will have to ask Shankar sir about that,\" is all she says.Is Asin planning to emulate the path of the other successful actors like Sridevi, Rekha and the likes? \"I don't have anything planned like that in mind. Sridevi is a wonderful actor and she is my neighbour too. I don't want to emulate her as she has carved a niche for herself. I would like to have a different image.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12513162", "title": "Kishangarh MLA slaps jeweller", "text": "JAIPUR: Kishangarh MLA Nathu Ram Sinodiya allegedly slapped a jeweller on Monday when gold traders went to hand over a memorandum to Minister of state for IT and communications Sachin Pilot in the Madanganj area in Ajmer.\"Our members had gone to apprise the minister about the dismal condition, and this is how we were treated,\" said Kailash Mittal, a member of the Sarafa Traders Committee. The group finally could not submit the memorandum to Pilot.To protest against the incident, the traders in the city have decided the burn the MLA's effigy at Badi Chaupar on Tuesday. \"We have unanimously decided to burn the effigy of the MLA, and gherao all the MPs in the state on Wednesday at their respective residences,\" added Mittal.The jewellers strike against the hike in import duty on gold entered 17th day. \"We can't afford to have more taxes levied on us, especially excise duty,\" said BK Garg of Garg Jewellers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12516168", "title": "Sooraj Thapar to play CID officer in Chhal-Sheh aur Maat", "text": "Sooraj Thapar will be playing the role of Dushyant, a CID officer from New Delhi and will be investigating Neha's case in Chhal-Sheh aur Maat.He is obsessed with justice, is chilled out; a bit crazy. A fun-loving person, Dushyant doesn't possess a single serious bone! But don't let his idiosyncrasies fool you! He has a high conviction rate... and once he gets it into his head that he will solve a crime he will not let anything get in his way.This makes him the biggest threat to Kabir in Dhaulganj. Dushyant suspects Kabir and he senses that there is something fishy in Kabir's story about the return of his wife Aditi. Already having won Meha's confidence, Dushyant is all set to get to the bottom of this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12510996", "title": "Teacher attempts suicide after being 'slapped'", "text": "NAGPUR: A teacher, whose actions should be an example for pupils, ended up setting a wrong precedent after being allegedly slapped by the school's supervisor in the principal's chamber in front of her colleagues.Pooja Modak, who is in her 30s, popped 17 pills after her failed attempt to slit the veins of her left hand. The mother of the two was rushed to the Government Medical College and Hospital by her mother and other family members.It was learnt that Pooja rushed back home after the incident which took place at the Hiwre Nagar school where she's been teaching since the last few years. A personal issue with the supervisor led to the ugly incident.\"I was called to the principal's chamber where the rest of the teachers too were present. I thought that the principal wanted to address teachers about the written exam but what unfolded turned out to be quite different,\" she said.\"The supervisor slapped me without any rhyme or reason. My question is where did I go wrong,\" said an upset Pooja. Her statement was recorded by the personnel of the GMCH police booth. \"I want justice for the ill treatment meted out to me,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12513082", "title": "Speaker's son files complaint against mobile network co", "text": "JAIPUR: State assembly speaker Dipendra Singh Shekhawat's son Balendu Singh has registered an FIR with the Sodala police station on Sunday stating the employees of a cellular company issued a SIM to someone else on his identification documents.\"He says that he had provided his identification documents to some employees of a mobile network company. On his documents, the SIM was issued to someone else,\" said a police officer. It is yet to found if the SIM was misused by the person to whom it was issued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12511287", "title": "Stand up and be counted", "text": "PANAJI: Now that the dust of the election has settled and everybody is happy the Alemaos have been sent home packing (South Goa is still celebrating this victory), let's get talking to those who really made themselves be counted this time at the ballot box: The Goan youth. And I'm happy to say their euphoric inked fingers plastered on every available Facebook wall, had me smiling. Their keen, enthusiastic, almost manic participation to make their vote count (and later hunger for updates on counting day) reminded me of the adventurous pleasure I felt reading 'Travelling with Che Guevara: The Making of a Revolutionary' by Alberto Granado, which was later made into a film.'The Motorcycle Diaries', lent to me by buddy Remo Fernandes, is about two young friends setting out on their 1949 Norton 500cc motorcycle exploring the belly of their continent, South America, travelling through Chile, Peru, Colombia and Venezuela. Each meeting and finding a destiny of his own, as the adventure takes them face-to-face with the politics, problems, diseases and prejudices of their continent. The journey leaves them changed men forever, one growing up to be Che Guevara , the revolutionary young leader who fought for the liberation of Cuba and became the heroic, glamorous warrior fighting for freedom and social justice. Yes. You see his charismatic bearded face painted on T-shirts till today. Strangely, on some 'Go Goa' tourist T-shirts too, and it got me thinking. Is there a message subtly staring in the face?The euphoria of wanting to be counted with a single-minded agenda of 'fighting corruption', gave the mandate to the smiling face of Manohar Parrikar all over the newspapers, but is this where the Goan youth participation comes to a full stop? What now? What next? What is the ten -point programme to fight corruption? What is the youth's participation in this? All Facebook chatter has dwindled to mundane discussions. Surely, the youth don't think that their burst of responsibility ends here? Did they really vote out of conviction to 'make a difference' and be a part of this 'change', or because their parents told them so? I support revolution and revolutionary ideas. I believe great change comes about because of people who revolutionise thought processes that translate into action. I'm always looking for a Che in an ordinary citizen, because only then can we become effective mediums of change ourselves.The youth of Goa need to actively shoulder this responsibility through a consistent participation of Goa's politics, since it is getting younger and dynamic. The youth agenda should be simple: Empower us through education, strengthen us through employment. For only then can we truly actively contribute and become instruments of change that we want to see in this great country. As the youth force keeps adding to its numbers, we need to break limiting barriers of language and look at the world through the eyes of a game changer. Because that's what Goa and this country needs: Game changers.A Che is every young citizen who wants to be counted and be counted upon when the occasion demands. Young voices who will stand for themselves individually, and then collectively to ensure we get the government we deserve by being a constant watchdog. No napping on this. A government that empowers its citizens with the basics of clean life: Education, health care, a respect for life and expression. When these are assured, the quality of our thinking changes, along with the tone of our voices. For there is no meaning to youth movements if they are not powered by an idealism to influence positive change. And to consistently work towards these changes with an open mind, open heart and steadfast focus. How can I make myself count? Ask this question every single day. For when we look at the young, we would like them to mirror the great changes this country has paved from the dust of its history.The politics of tomorrow rests on the shoulders of today's youth. The question is: Are they brave enough to shoulder this huge responsibility? Surely, the Yuris and Valankas have learnt a lesson from this.The writer is a media professional. The views expressed in this column are those of the writer. Write to us at toi.goa@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12512896", "title": "Police slap notices on SIMI activists", "text": "PUNE: The city police have served notices on members of the Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI), following a notification issued by the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Tribunal at New Delhi declaring SIMI as an unlawful association.The central government, under section 3 of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1963, declared SIMI as an unlawful association on February 3, 2012.On March 1, the government constituted a tribunal headed by justice V K Shali to decide if there was sufficient reason to declare SIMI as an unlawful association.The notification issued by the tribunal registrar Lorren Bamniyal has called upon SIMI to show cause as to why the association should not be declared as unlawful and directed them to file objections/affidavits before the tribunal one week before the next date of hearing on April 11 at 2.30 pm.The objections/affidavits can be filed at the registrar's office at room no. 47, ground floor, C Block, Delhi high court, Sher Shah Road, New Delhi-110003.The notification states that SIMI may appear through a duly authorised person before the tribunal at court no. 35, extension block (second floor) of the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12511084", "title": "Woman tries to immolate self after rape bid", "text": "AJMER: A 38-year-old railway employee is battling for life with 80% burn injuries after she set herself on fire on Monday to protest delay in action against her two colleagues, who had allegedly tried to rape her in Beawar near Ajmer last month.She set herself on fire after pouring petrol on her body outside Ajmer divisional railway manager's office. The woman, a clerk at Beawar railway station, had filed a complaint, accusing ticket checker Saberjeet Singh and ticket supervisor Bhanwar Lal of attempting to rape her on March 13. The matter was referred to the police. \"We registered an FIR and took her for medical examination and the investigation is in progress,\" said a police officer.She had recently written to divisional railway manager demanding suspension of the accused or shifting her to Ajmer office. \"Even after writing to the authorities, there was no action taken and she was upset. She was frustrated with inaction of her department and police. She had also written to DRM that she was getting threats and the situation left her with no option but to kill self,\" said a source.Sources said she was told that DRM Sanjay Das was out on inspection when she came to meet him on Monday morning to know about the progress of the case. \"She came out of the main premises and poured petrol and set herself on fire,\" another source said.She raised slogans against the railway authorities on the harassment meted out to her. \"This is an unfortunate incident but we were waiting for the result of inquiry,'' said additional DRM S M Kichi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511412", "title": "Now, 25 'grace' marks for sports", "text": "MUMBAI: The 25 marks granted for excellence in sports will now be given only as grace marks, school education minister Rajendra Darda announced in the legislative council on Monday. This is being done to stop large-scale submission of false certificates for the marks.Darda said it had become a business, where students even paid money for the marks. Now, only students who would otherwise fail will be given these marks.Replying to a three-day discussion on issues pertaining to school education, he said that his department would present a white paper during the winter session.He said the salary grant to aided schools, stopped in 2004, will be renewed after the cabinet's approval, and it will cost the exchequer around Rs 266 crore annually. To ensure teachers receive their salaries on the first of every month, money will be paid through nationalized banks, Darda said, as it being done in Mumbai and Beed.Darda said the discovery of nearly 40 lakh bogus students across the state would reduce the burden on the Maharashtra government.He promised action against schools that had submitted false lists to grab government funds.There are now 1.82 crore school students in the state.He clarified that Maharashtra would continue to follow the three-language system in schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12512635", "title": "CM admits need for speed at Sakala scheme launch", "text": "BANGALORE: The chief minister himself seems to be in dire need of the Sakala scheme, the programme to deliver services within a stipulated time frame, which was launched on Monday.Admitting as much during the launch, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda lamented that his directives to districts' deputy commissioners to fast-forward files pertaining to those who come to him with grievances during Janata Darshan were falling on deaf ears.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12512943", "title": "Deal with autistic children sensitively, say experts", "text": "VARANASI: Raman (name changed), a teenager has penchant for toys and chocolates much like a three-year-old child. He is escorted to a neighbourhood school in Lanka and has made little progress in studies, though his classmates have moved to higher classes. The teenager is suffering from autism. He remains the laughing stock for his childish acts. Such cases are an eye-opener for the society, which is becoming insensitive to the problem that affects one in 80 childrenThe World Autism Awareness Day (WAAD) is being observed on Monday. Ironically, the awareness programmes aimed at sensitizing people about the ways to deal with autism cases were restricted just a seminar hosted at Rathyatra by a private centre extending psychiatric services.It may be mentioned that autism is a developmental disability that remains with a person for his or her whole life. This condition affects the brain's functions. The first signs usually appear before a child is three years old. The persons with autism usually find social interaction difficult and have problems with verbal and non-verbal communication.\"There is a need to combat the unacceptable discrimination, abuse and isolation that people with the disorder and their loved ones face. It is not limited to a particular region and therefore demands global action. Our work with and for people with autism should not be limited to early identification and treatment, it should include therapies, educational plans and other steps that lead towards sustained, lifelong engagement,\" Sanjay Gupta of the department of psychiatry, BHU , said.Stressing the need to promote further research and train non-specialized care providers, Gupta emphasized the basic need to change the mindset and attitude towards autism cases and need to deal with them in sensitive way. They are definitely not the laughing stock of the society and should not be treated as burden. Such persons may be slow learners and beginners but sustained efforts could bring about improvement and change in their conditions, he added.WHO has already identified rising prevalence of autism in many countries around the world with one in 80 children believed to be affected with autism in developed countries, including US. Similar trend is also being witnessed in developing countries like India, with nearly three to five per cent population suffering from various disabilities.According to SN Singh, district disabled welfare officer, nearly 2,500 children affected with various disabilities are getting scholarships under welfare schemes. Children with special needs like autism may also fall in the bracket sooner or later. Special training and education could make them self-dependent and efforts should be made to address their needs, he added.World Autism Awareness Day (WAAD)The United Nations General Assembly unanimously declared April 2 as World Autism Awareness Day to highlight the need to help improve the lives of children and adults who suffer from the disorder so they can lead full and meaningful lives. Autism is a developmental disability that remains with a person for whole life. This condition affects the brain functions. The first signs usually appear before a child is three years old. The day often features educational events for teachers, health-care workers and parents, as well as exhibitions showcasing work created by children with autism. This year, the slogan for WAAD is 'Light it up Blue' to promote inherent qualities hidden in persons with autism.Early signs and symptoms of AutismFinding social interaction difficultHave problems with verbal and non-verbal communicationDemonstrate restrictive and repetitive behaviourHave a limited set of interests and activities", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12513637", "title": "Village mandal issues diktat against marriage", "text": "SURAT: Acting like a khap panchayat, an organization of families from a village in Maharashtra based in the city, has issued a diktat against a marriage scheduled next month. However, the bride's father is not taking it lying down. A clerk in a government hospital, he has approached the police with a complaint against the \"khap panchayat scare\" even as getting his BBA graduate daughter is getting tougher by the day. The father fears that the marriage will not take place due to the pressure by community members.Bharat Kharose, a resident of Bhatar, was shocked when his brothers informed him that they have been asked by Kauzar Gramashtha Mandal not to attend the marriage of their niece, scheduled for May 11. She had got engaged in November 2011.Kharose belongs to Kauzar village of Raygadh taluka in Maharashtra. There are around 1,000 people from the same village in the city. Kauzar Gramashtha Mandal is a group of 225 Marathi families. No marriage is permitted among the members without taking the mandal's prior permission, which meets on first Sunday of every month. In one of its meetings, a five-member committee had announced that no one from the community should attend the marriage of Kharose's daughter.Kharose has made a written complaint at Umra police station in which he claimed that the mandal was a non-registered organization. Besides, there was no notification about the said meeting in which the decision against his daughter's marriage was taken, he said. \"I was told that the marriage was not permissible as the bride and groom were from the same 'gotra'. This is not true. Morever, when the boy's family and community has no objection, why is the village mandal creating problems,\" asked Kharose, who is at present posted at SSG Hospital in Vadodara.\"The mandal members told us that if I went ahead and got my daughter married to the boy, then they would ban all community members from attending the function. They forced all our relatives who had attended my daughter's engagement to apologize in public,\" Kharose added.A close relative said, \"I don't know what to do. I fear that if I attend the marriage, I will be ostracized from the community.\"When contacted, the community leaders said the marriage was not acceptable to them. \"We have refused to acknowledge the marriage as the boy and the girl are relatives. Their fathers are cousins. We have not threatened them of anything. No one from our caste will participate in the marriage as this has been unanimously decided in a group meeting,\" said Kauzar Gramashtha Mandal president Vasant Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511973", "title": "Exhibition to reopen with extra vigil", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Alliance Francaise will display Sunil Gupta's photographs after all. The exhibition of his photographs that was meant to be a part of the Francophone festival had been closed on March 23, following a complaint by an individual against nudity in some photos. The French institute will reopen the exhibition on April 4 and it will be up-the complete collection-till April 15. This time, however, there will be more security.\"It has been a sensitive subject and they (AF) have been quiet about it all week. I think they are going to put up the full thing. The photographs are centred on a gay love story but there is no full-frontal nudity,\" says Gupta. The complaint was regarding a batch of photos shot in a bathhouse. The series has already toured Paris and San Francisco . Police from the Tughlaq Road station, however, had said that they hadn't found anything vulgar when they made a trip during the opening of the exhibition.Gupta says Alliance Francaise had invited him to participate after the show at Center Pompidou, Paris. But the gallery had taken the photos down without consulting him first. \"We did it to be on the safe side,\" says an official from Alliance Francaise, which has arranged for \"extra security\" this time. The official also says they had maintained silence because they were planning to put up the exhibition again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12512816", "title": "Four caught copying in UP board exam", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 18 students of high school and intermediate of UP Board were caught copying in Kanpur region on Monday. Four others were caught in the city. tnnThe flying squad caught five girls and 13 boys, who were using chits to copy answers from different districts of Kanpur region. Apart from them, four were caught from the city.Four students were caught cheating in city where one was caught from Chacha Nehru Inter College and two from Dayanand Inter college. One student was caught from Maharana Pratap Inter College.In the region, three high school students were caught using unfair means from Farrukhabad and five from Auraiya. Two students of intermediate were debarred from exams from Etawah and three from Ramabai Nagar.Their answersheets were sealed. These students might be allowed to appear in papers of other subjects but their results would not be declared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12520927", "title": "Roadies challenged by wrestler Sushil Kumar", "text": "The MTV Roadies will battle land and water with wrestler Sushil Kumar and paraplegic Deepa Malik. So it's wrestling and watersports that feature this week on...Chosen as the new captain, Kanak leads the Roadies to their next Flag Off, where Rannvijay along with Anchal, winner of Roadies 8, join them for a brief interaction. They then begin the next leg of their journey onto Delhi, on their brand new bikes. The next day Kanak has to choose two boys who will not perform in the upcoming task. After much indecision, the Roadies go onto their next task, reserved for the boys.They are challenged by world famous Indian wrestler, Sushil Kumar, and manage to survive the task. After this success, the boys show their solidarity as they plan to vote out a girl. The next day, the girls have to perform a water- based task, explained to them by famous athlete, Deepa Malik.After much dynamic scheming, the next vote out ends with an unexpected Roadie being sent home.Stay Tuned To Witness The Roadies Continue Their Journey Toward Winning Their Ultimate Prize - Respect, On Saturday, 7th April @ 7pm On MTV Hero Roadies Season 9 On MTV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12512378", "title": "Auto strike in Kolkata: Brace for more 'auto-cracy'", "text": "A sudden autorickshaw strike on Monday morning gifted Kolkatans a harrowing start to the week. Thousands of autos went off the roads on several routes following a Rs 6.5 hike in LPG price. Auto-drivers blocked Kankurgachhi crossing, throwing traffic into a mess for over an hour. Though services normalized on most routes by evening, it's going to be a bumpy ride for the lakhs who depend on the auto.While the transport department termed the strike a \"conspiracy\" and ruled out a fare hike, auto operators are determined on an upward revision. \"If there is a petrol or diesel price hike, everyone gets to know. However the revision of auto LPG price is never highlighted. Now it's as high as Rs 53.06 per kg. Till a few days ago, it was Rs 46.48 per kg. The entire auto-operation is under threat. Drivers can't be faulted if they start charging more,\" said Citu affiliated Auto-Rickshaw Operators Union secretary Babul Ghosh.So, get ready to be fleeced in a variety of ways, many of which have been in vogue for many years now.Random hikeDon't be surprised if you are charged Rs 2 to Rs 5 more on some routes like Rashbehari-Taratala and Sealdah-Beliaghata. No, the hike has not been endorsed by the government. But you must pay up if you want to board an auto.A Rashbehari-Taratala ride now costs Rs 9 (which arbitrarily shoots up to Rs 12 after 9pm). \"We could be forced to raise it to Rs 11 to offset the LPG price hike,\" warned Panchu Datta, general secretary of the local INTUC-affiliated union. Passengers feared it might encourage drivers to charge what they wish. \"As it is, they keep charging at their whims. Now, it will be a free-for-all and I am sure they are going to ask for at least Rs 5 extra for a ride to Taratala,\" said Neil Bose, a student.Piyush Poddar, an animator who travels on the Sealdah- Beliaghata (Bypass connector) route every day pointed out that auto fares have been hiked thrice in the past six months. \"Even now, while they charge Rs 8 from Sealdah to the Bypass, they often ask for Rs 10 on the return journey,'' said Sumi Dutta, a student. The Dharmatala- Park Circus Lohapul route is another stretch where passengers are fleeced at random. Officially, the union claims they are yet to decide on a Re 1 hike, but several drivers jacked up fares on shorter distances on Monday.Five is a squeezeMost auto regulars know of the cat-and-mouse game that drivers play with traffic sergeants. If you board an auto on the Beliaghata-Karunamoyee route or the Beliaghata- Sealdah route as the fifth passenger, the drive might ask you to literally \"jump off\" at traffic signals. \"I was coming to Sealdah on Monday, when the auto driver asked the fifth passenger to cut off the conversation he was having on his mobile. When the stunned passenger asked why, the driver told him he might have to get off and reboard whenever a traffic cop is spotted,'' said Anasuya Bose, a commuter.On the Garia-Tollygunge route, drivers have been forced to switch back to four passengers after the area came under the jurisdiction of Kolkata Police. Many are charging a rupee extra to make up for the loss. Now, the auto-wallahs will insist even more on five passengers.Transport minister Madan Mitra, however, warned that any attempt at revising auto fares would be seen as a conspiracy. Mitra said: \"Earlier, they would come and discuss their issues. But this time they chose the militant way.\" The public vehicles department says there is no legal sanction for a fare hike since autos run \"illegally as stage carriages even though they were supposed to operate as contract vehicles\". \"Then why do they catch auto-wallahs when they stray from their designated routes?\" asked union leader Babul Ghosh.Dumped half-wayChaitali Banerjee boards an auto from Garia but has to get off at Jadavpur and hop into another auto to reach Gol Park. The reason: few auto-drivers travel the entire stretch in a go. The break-journey lets them earn more. But it forces passengers to pay extra for no reason. Drivers on Monday warned that this could become more frequent and extend beyond peak hours. \"If LPG prices keep rising at this rate, you can't blame us for truncating our journeys. We must make ends meet,\" argued auto-driver Sudipto Dey.If you are wondering, how much difference it makes per trip, hear it from Saibal Manna, an auto driver on the Sealdah-Beliaghata route: \"A trip to Sealdah and back earns us Rs 32- Rs 40. With short distance passengers, we make Rs 12 to Rs 18 more.''Blame the 'taxman'Manoranjan Banerjee, a businessman, wondered why a man collected one and two rupee coins from drivers at the start of every trip at the auto stand. \"There is hardly any shed Then, I realized that once the drivers have paid the man, they seem to get a license,'' said Banerjee.Paying the unions and police is a custom that is religiously followed at auto-stands across the city. Be it Tollygunge, Garia, Beliaghata or Park Circus, there's no escaping the 'tax'. \"If you add the amount that drivers have to pay to the police, you will find out why every LPG price hike hits us hard,\" said Babul Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "12513580", "title": "Dugri green belt turning into garbage dump", "text": "DUGRI: In Dugri phase II and III vacant space for developing green belt has literally turned into garbage dumps due to the apathy of Greater Ludhiana Area Development Authority (GLADA) and area councillor who did not pay attention towards their maintenance. Despite several requests by residents of the area, the authorities continue to ignore the issue.However, in the beginning, the area was developed with an aim that there would be equal quotient of residential accommodations and green cover so special space was kept for planting trees and developing parks, according to sources. But the authorities concentrated only on sale of properties.A businessman and resident of the area, K L Aggarwal said, ''There are areas in city where no space has been left for developing green belts, but here in our area the authorities left space for parks and green belts, while planning the colony. The heaps of garbage in this area clearly displays lacakadaiscal attitude of the authorities.'' He adds, ''And its not like they don't have funds to develop the green belts. Infact they have collected huge amounts while selling these plots.''Another businessman and resident of area, Yatin Singla said, ''Our house falls near the green belt. We avoid inviting anybody to our house as polythene bags and litter are scattered all around. We feel ashamed to be living in such dumps.''Area councillor Tehal Singh clearly blamed the residents. He said, ''There is no such problem in the area and if garbage is lying in green belt then residents of area are responsible. They throw garbage there for saving money to be given to the garbage lifter. Even residents should pay attention towards the cleanliness of green belts.''Estate officer GLADA Jeet Ram said, ''I will put up a notice to maintain the green belt with concerned officials.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12512784", "title": "Tabish refuses to record statement", "text": "INDORE: Tabish Khan, the alleged shooter in the Shehla Masood murder case, has refused to record his statement and confession, under Section 164 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC), on Monday before the judge of Special CBI Court here.Judge Shubhra Singh had granted him 48 hours' time to decide whether he was willing to give statement under the section on March 30 while sending him in judicial custody till April 11. However, the accused on Monday refused to part with his confession and statements.Tabish, who was brought to Indore by the CBI, is the cousin of another accused in the case Saquib Ali 'Danger.' He was arrested from Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511861", "title": "Mumbai Police launch new campaign in suburbs", "text": "MUMBAI: Jolted by two back-to-back drunk-driving accidents, the police have flagged off a campaign against the menace in some western suburbs. Early on Monday, they booked 25 motorists for drunk-driving in the Oshiwara to Bandra belt. The campaign, which was personally supervised by the zonal deputy commissioner, will now be conducted regularly in the areas.\"We want to send a message to all motorists that drunk-driving will not be tolerated and the strictest penal provisions will be invoked against offenders,\" said zonal DCP Pratap Dighavkar. The campaign was conducted for two hours ending 2am on Monday. All major junctions and arterial roads were covered by men in khakhi.The highest number of offenders was booked by the Bandra police (five), followed by the Oshiwara and Juhu police (four each). Amboli and Khar police booked three people each, while DN Nagar, Versova and Santa Cruz police booked two persons each.The campaign by the local police in these areas will be conducted besides the traffic police's drives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511325", "title": "Woman 'abducted, raped'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Dadar police on Monday arrested Sachin Sonawane (30) for allegedly kidnapping and raping a 26-year-old woman on Sunday night, police said.The victim, a slumdweller, claimed she had gone to a public toilet around 12pm in Dadar (W) when she was forced into a taxi and raped.Sonawane who was in the car along with the cab driver forcibly bundled her in the vehicle and raped her.Police are searching for the cabbie who had witnessed what the victim has claimed.A Dadar police officer said the arrested accused and the victim stay in the neighbourhood in a slum locality at Sanjay Nagar.The victim claimed that after raping her the accused dropped her near the Parel ST depot where she resides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12512829", "title": "Sirsa villagers demand stern action against PAC", "text": "KANPUR: A pall of gloom descended on the family of Munna Lal Yadav, who died in Sunday's firing incident which took place at Brahmani Devi temple in Balrai area in Etawah.The Munna, son of Jaduram Yadav, hailed from Sirsa village situated in the ravines. His two brothers Mahesh Babu Yadav and Geetam Singh Yadav, besides villagers Sangeeta Devi, who had suffered bullet injuries on her jawline and Deepak Kumar Yadav and Sushil Kumar are undergoing treatment at the PGI in Saifai. The doctors stated the condition of Sangeeta as serious and that of Deepak and Sushil to be stable.Bodies of Munna's relative Girind Singh Yadav and Dinesh Yadav have been sent to their native places in Rajmau Udi Pachaigaon in Etawah and Firozabad after post-mortem examination.Villagers said that there were three flags from Sirsa village that were to be hoisted at Brahmani Devi temple on the occasion of 'Chaitra Navratra' on Sunday. \"Bhuvnesh Chandra Yadav had hoisted his flag one hour prior to the incident. When Harvilas and Charan Singh tried to hoist their flags, the dispute erupted,\" said a villager.Munna's wife Sushila Devi their children Mukesh (10) and daughter Nilesh (2) fell unconscious after seeing his body. The women were consoling her.\"We want stern punishment to the PAC personnel, who snatched my sister-in-law Sushila's husband. We all were waiting and chanting religious songs on the occasion of 'Chaitra Navratra'. We never knew that our dreams would be shattered and my cousin Munna snatched from us forever,\" Anita, a relative, said.Uneasy calm prevailed for the second day in Sirsa village as hundreds of people visited the bereaved family members.PWD minister Shivpal Singh Yadav took part in the cremation ceremony of Munna. Thereafter, he went to his house in Sirsa village to console the bereaved family members and hand over a cheque of Rs 5 lakh to Sushila Devi.During his visit to Saifai PGI, he asked director Rajendra Prasad to provide best medical treatment to the injured persons.Sources said the incident occurred when a group of youth, who had come to the temple to take part in flag hoisting ceremony, indulged in eve-teasing.As the groups were trying to hoist flag, a few youth from the crowd passed lewd comments at some women accompanying flag hoisting groups. The women objected and the two groups got into a fight.The locals alleged that despite repeated complaints, no proper arrangements have been made by the police to curb incidents of eve-teasing during flag-hoisting ceremony at the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12513506", "title": "Apathy towards city hosps disappoints med fraternity", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government continues to neglect both the medical colleges and the Super Specialty Hospital (SSH) in city by neither filling vacant posts in different cadres nor creating the infrastructural requirements since many years.It has added on to its general apathy towards the city hospitals by sanctioning Rs630 crore for creating a new Super Specialty Institute (SSI) in Grant Medical College and JJ Group of Hospitals in the budget announced on March 26. The announcement has come as a big disappointment and shock to the medical fraternity in the Vidarbha region.The vertical expansion process of Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGGMC) is pending for last 10-12 years.The college has not managed to get its undergraduate seats extended from 60 to 100 by the Medical Council of India due to the apathy and step-motherly treatment towards Nagpur colleges in particular and Vidarbha in general.State government also sanctioned four new medical colleges at Nandurbar, Alibaugh, Satara and Mumbai; whereas Vidarbha was to get a medical college either in Gondia or Chandrapur.A proposal of Rs200 crore for creating 508 posts in SSH by the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) has been pending with the state for over a year.Angiography and angioplasty procedures in SSH have been put off since October last year due to closure of the Cath lab. The cardiovascular thoracic surgery (CVTS) department has no disposables or antibiotics. Being the only super speciality in the region (11 districts), as many as 200 poor patients requiring angiography and at least 50 patients requiring angioplasty every month are being sent to private hospitals since last six months.The hospital has acute shortage of residents and nurses, with virtually no technicians and class III and IV employees. Despite sanctioning neurology and urology departments and a kidney transplant centre for many years, there is no sign of even primary developments in the directions. And all this even after medical education minister Vijay KumarGavit's repeated promise to create and fill all posts in not just SSH but GMCH and IGGMC.JJ Hospital has been sanctioned a SSI with new building and infrastructure for 16 super specialities. It already has nine specialities. The logic behind the big step is that already existing speciality departments have teaching departments for past 25 years.\"There are no qualified teachers who can be appointed as professor and associate professors and lecturers in Nagpur. Except for a single professor in cardiology no other doctors in SSH are qualified as teachers. They are all consultants. Yet the government is considering the Rs 200 crore proposal for post creation,\" said Dr Pravin Shingare, the chief of directorate of medical education and research (DMER).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12520401", "title": "Trailer of 'Total Recall' movie is out", "text": "Total Recall is an action thriller about reality and memory, inspired anew by the famous short story \"We Can Remember It For You Wholesale\" by Philip K Dick. The film is a remake (of sorts) of the 1990 film of the same name which starred Arnold Schwarzenegger . Here's the plot of the remake.Welcome to Rekall, the company that can turn your dreams into real memories. For a factory worker named Douglas Quaid ( Colin Farrell ), even though he's got a beautiful wife ( Kate Beckinsale ) who he loves, the mind-trip sounds like the perfect vacation from his frustrating life - real memories of life as a super-spy might be just what he needs.But when the procedure goes horribly wrong, Quaid becomes a hunted man.Finding himself on the run from the police - controlled by Chancellor Cohaagen ( Bryan Cranston ), the leader of the free world - Quaid teams up with a rebel fighter ( Jessica Biel ) to find the head of the underground resistance ( Bill Nighy ) and stop Cohaagen.The line between fantasy and reality gets blurred and the fate of his world hangs in the balance as Quaid discovers his true identity, his true love, and his true fate.The musical will release in India on August 3, 2012 in English, Hindi, Tamil and Telugu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12511344", "title": "14 held for Moti Dongor clash", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao police on Monday arrested 14 people involved in Sunday night's clash between two rival groups atop Moti Dongor, and are on the lookout for more persons against whom offences have been registered.Those arrested belong to two groups and were arrested on the basis of counter complaints filed by members of both groups. From the first group, five of those arrested are Jalil Shaikh, Mohammad Salim Naregal, Ibrahim Naregal, Abdul Habid and Rabbani Tambak. From the second group, eight of those arrested are Gawas Kadar Yergatti, Irfan Yergatti, Mashid Yergatti, Nazir Amir Karvadkar, Azim Dhharwadkar, Noor Saudagar, Hyder Ali Balbati, Azharudin Ibrhahim Balbati and Saddam Chapparband.The Margao police, who in the past have been accused of not acting against the anti-social elements on Moti Dongar, were given strict instructions by South Goa SP Arvind Gawas to nab the culprits immediately. The police led by PI Nilesh Rane and investigating officer PSI Vidyesh Pilgaonkar arrested the 14 people under Sections 143, 147, 148, 307, 324 read with Section 149 of the IPC, and the accused have been remanded to 14 days of police custody.On Sunday, an argument between two groups of youngsters residing at Moti Dongor turned violent leaving several people injured.The Margao police said that Ibrahim Chapperband, Mumtaz Nadaf and Kuboddin Nadaf are still undergoing treatment.Margao police arrested Shaikh and Tambak on Sunday night itself. This is significant, as Shaikh is considered to be the ring leader of one of the rival groups. While the Margao police are on the lookout for around 17 others named in the complaints, including the brother of Shaikh and gang leader Bashir Shaikh who are currently absconding, the police are planning on initiating chapter cases against all of the accused and have deployed additional staff at Moti Dongor to prevent any untoward incident.Speaking to TOI, former chief minister and Margao MLA Digambar Kamat, who has a sizable vote bank on Moti Dongor, said, \"Clashes now occur even for petty reasons. This is too much. In such a case, the law should take its own course.\"However, BJP leader from Margao Pandurang 'Bhai Naik' alleged that the people who were beaten up had supported the BJP and said that the attackers had the backing of \"their leader in order to create a confusion in the minds of the people\".Naik further alleged that the incident took place to prove a point that such occurrences did not take place only during the tenure of the previous government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12513067", "title": "India: Equity formula must for green targets", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will not agree to any greenhouse gas emission reduction targets without an equitable regime, the government has decided. Further consolidating its position ahead of crucial international climate meetings, the Union environment and forests ministry said that until the formula for equity and common but differentiated responsibilities (CBDR) was not defined, India's responsibilities to reduce emissions would remain voluntary. Further,it will not accept any punitive international regime now or after 2020.The move comes in wake of some developed countries along with the association of small island states demanding that emerging economies like India undertake commitments from as early as 2015. They also asked for a global regime post 2020 to have binding commitments for all.The developed countries have also begun pushing for emission reduction targets for the agricultural sector. This would push the onus on developing countries which are still predominantly agricultural. Emissions from agriculture are short-lived but hold greater climate changing potential. Emissions from fossil fuels -- the major contributor of greenhouse gases -- are long living and the industrialized countries are predominantly responsible for releasing these historically.The government's move to put its position out in public domain even before the talks is significant. While clarifying its position on areas which are non negotiable, the government is also sending positive signals to allies. A document released by the environment ministry on Monday said, \"For developing countries, the responsibilities/obligations in a post 2020 arrangement will clearly need to be built on the principle of equity and CBDR. Irrespective of the legal form of the final arrangements, the developing country targets under such arrangements cannot be binding until the principle of differentiation based on equity is defined and the conditions implicit in such definition of equity are met.\"The document noted, \"India would like the post 2020 arrangements to resemble Kyoto type arrangements.... However, for developing countries, the responsibilities/obligations post 2020 will clearly need to be built on the principle of equity and CBDR. Irrespective of the legal form of the final arrangements, the developing country targets cannot be binding until the principle of differentiation based on equity is defined and the definition of equity are met.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511425", "title": "Delhi HC asks CVC to check status of CBI probe into Kandla land 'scam'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi High Court on Tuesday directed the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) to examine the status of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) probe into the alleged land scam at Kandla Port.A division bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw issued notice to the CVC, and sought a reply within two weeks. Now, the matter is listed for May 8.An NGO, the Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL), has alleged that a huge land scam has been going on for past few decades in the allotment of 16,000 acres of government land near Kandla port in Gujarat, causing a huge loss to the national exchequer.Advocate Prashant Bhushan, filing a fresh application in the case on behalf of CPIL, demanded the CVC to intervene to monitor the CBI probe.\"Through this application, the petitioner would like to bring to light the serious shortcomings in the CBI investigation and call for certain urgent orders from this court,\" the application submitted. It alleged that several cases relating to land allotment in the Kandla port were forwarded to the CBI for investigation by the chief vigilance officer of the Kandla Port Trust in his report, but no action was taken. The report deals with 16,000 acres of land and encapsulated the role of the shipping ministry, government of India in the scam's cover-up.The HC had earlier allowed the CBI inquiry into the scam and asked it to file a detailed status report on all the cases, but Bhushan alleged that the CBI has given a report that is short of details.The CBI report dated January 18, 2012, gives the current status of only four cases, he argued, adding that in two of the four cases, a chargesheet has been filed against senior officials of the Kandla port including its former chairpersons.\"This is an extremely serious case of cheating and corruption, where clear-cut evidence is present for chargesheeting the accused. The delay in finalization of investigation raises serious suspicions on the conduct of the investigation,\" the lawyer alleged.As per the petition, between 1960s and 1970s, the land near Kandla port was leased out on nomination basis and not through competitive bidding. It is alleged that most of the leases around the port have also expired, and the conduct of the shipping ministry is in violation of provision of Major Port Trust Act, 1963, and the government's norms.The petition has prayed before the HC to direct taking back the possession of the 16,000 acres of government land and evict trespassers, who are in illegal occupation of the plot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12512913", "title": "Panakkad family to figure in history of Syeds", "text": "MALAPPURAM: In a move to highlight the role of Syed families in the social development of India, Syed Faris Alatas, a professor of Singapore National University, is working on a book on the family which has a large presence in the Arab world.As part of his research, he visited the Kodappanakal House, the ancestral house of late Panakkad Syed Muhammed Ali Shihab Thangal on Monday. Faris who also belong to the Syed (Hadrahmi) family in Singapore met Syed Hyderali Shihab Thangal and Syed Basheerali Shihab Thangal, both sons of the late leader. He said the Syed families have played key role in Malabar's development. Currently he is working on a research paper on the role of Islamism and Sufism in societal and Islamic reform. While talking about the family's role in a secular society, he said Shariah should remain a private affair in a secularist democratic country.\"Shariah should not be mingled with the state laws. By being neutral in a secular community, we can avoid conflicts between Shariah and state laws,\" he said.He said his book will include detailed information on Syed families in Malabar and other parts of South India.Faris is also impressed with Sufism in India and said that it is more open as it lays stress on spirituality more than Shariah. The professor has already published nine books on Muslim reforms. The professor had also visited Jifri House, the house Mampuram Thangals, in the district on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12511944", "title": "Cong-NCP share Zilla Parishad panels", "text": "NASHIK: Putting an end to speculation that the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) would stake claim for three out of the four committees of Zilla Parishad (ZP), the NCP and Congress split four committees equally among themselves.\"We wanted to share power and hence traded our strength for two committees - finance and construction and health and education committees, leaving the other two for Congress,\" MLC Jayant Jadhav informed.After elections to the post of president and vice president of the ZP were held unopposed, elections to the various committees was a cakewalk for the Congress-NCP combine which had a clear majority in the 73-member house.Though the NCP had demanded three committees in addition to the standing committee, that traditionally goes to the ZP president, the Congress kept up the pressure for equal sharing of the four committees.\"We finally traded our demands for the two committees. It was amicably decided that the Congress would be given the Women and Child Welfare and Social Welfare committees. In the elections held today (Monday) the opposition also cooperated by not contesting the elections and allowing the procedure to be held unopposed,\" Jadhav informed.Alka Jadhav and Jyoti Mali, both NCP candidates were elected unopposed after the withdrawal of nomination forms filed by the opponents.Whether Jadhav or Mali gets the finance and construction committee will be shortly decided. Similarly in the Congress camp, Sunita Aher bagged Women and Child Welfare committee presidentship, while Rajesh Navaale bagged the post of presient for the Social Welfare committee .The election procedure was chaired by the sub-divisional officer Nilesh Sagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "lakhisarai", "code": "12512432", "title": "Lakhisarai killing a story of love, sex aur dhokha?", "text": "LAKHISARAI: It was a case of \"love, sex and dhokha\" which Dhanbad's Naresh Barnwal sought to project as one of gang rape and murder of wife Suman by road robbers.That's what the police say after arresting Naresh, his wife's cousin Khushboo and one Basant Singh in connection with the killing of Suman, under Halsi police station area near Jamui, on Sunday evening.Naresh allegedly gave \"supari\", or contract, to kill Suman over a year ago because his wife opposed his extra-marital relationship with Khushboo, a Part II student in Gaya, the place Naresh's in-laws hail from.According to the police, Naresh's affair with Khushboo began when she went to Dhanbad to look after Suman during her pregnancy, a year after her marriage four years ago. The relationship turned so passionate that he would even financially help Khushboo's family as her father, the sole earning member, was a lowly-paid worker in a private firm.Naresh even consumed sleeping pills when Khushboo broke up with him once because of tensions between her family and Suman's kinsmen. It was after this incident that the matter of marriage cropped up between the two and the contract killers were assigned the dirty job of removing the stumbling block in the way of their \"wish to live together\".Naresh and his family were at Jamui at the house of Suman's \"mausi\", or mother's sister, in January last year when Naresh planned to visit Khushboo in Gaya on her birthday on January 29. But Suman played the spoilsport, and they could leave Jamui on January 30. The \"supari\" killers were waiting in the wings and even swung into action, but they targeted a wrong vehicle and could not execute the killing because of heavy police presence on the Jamui-Gaya Road.Suman finally was killed. Both Naresh and Khushboo are in judicial custody now. Besides a married man's lust for another woman, the police furnish the following to support their version of the case:1. Not only did Naresh delay their departure from Rajgir for Jamui, he drove slowly and stopped the vehicle a couple of times to walk a little away and speak to the criminals over phone.2. Though six-seven criminals are alleged to have intercepted Naresh's Zen, only two frail felons forced their entry into the vehicle. One sat beside Naresh's brother-in-law Rajesh in the front, the other with the women - Suman and Rajesh's wife - in the rear seat. Naresh was left free to drive as they looted the vehicle occupants. Had Naresh, who is pretty well built, wished, he could have thrown out the two criminals and sped away.3. When Suman was singled out by one of the two criminals to be dragged by her hair, \"well-built\" Naresh didn't even pretend to rescue her. He lied that she was taken far away and shot after half-an-hour or so. The criminals shot her a couple of minutes later in full view of Naresh and others a few metres away.4. Naresh was an insurance agent, moonlighted as a moneylender and kept the company of petty criminals.5. Some of the criminals of Jamui-Lakhisarai fled the district earlier. Naresh contacted two of them in Dhanbad but they insisted on killing his wife in their native area because they were familiar and comfortable with the geography.6. Police are not surprised why the \"killer\" (Naresh) carried with him a hostile witness (Rajesh) to the spot of crime. It was a calculated move to prevent suspicion against him. That the move boomeranged as Rajesh smelt foul play is a different story.7. Asked how credible is the claim that Rs 30,000 had been paid to the killers and Rs 40,000 was to be paid on the spot after the crime (in front of the victim's brother!), police say that's only a statement made by Naresh. It is yet to be investigated. For that matter, police are also investigating Khushboo's statement that Rs 2.5 lakh was paid to the killers.8. Asked why mediamen were not being allowed to meet Naresh and Khushboo, the police say one needs permission from the court to interview them since they are in judicial custody.9. Asked if call details were procured to substantiate the charge that Naresh was in touch with the criminals, the police say they are on the job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12511951", "title": "Nashik's new Credai head wants greener buildings", "text": "NASHIK: Kiran Chavan has been elected as the president of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (Credai) Nashik. The decision to this effect was taken at the annual general body meeting of Credai Nashik. Kiran Chavan was unanimously elected as Credai Nashik president and Sunil Kotwal as secretary, while Abhay Tated and Jayesh Thakkar were elected as vice-presidents.While speaking to TOI, Chavan said, \"My priority will be to promote green building projects in the city. Nashik is famous for its climate across the country. Hence, attention will be paid to the beautiful and well-planned development of the city by yoking together the environment and the development of the city. Credai Nashik will take initiative to promote green projects in the city.\"The regional development plan of the Nashik district is lying at the Mantralaya, Mumbai, for approval for the last one-and-a-half years. Initiative will be taken to get the regional plan of the district passed at the earliest. Besides, there are some issues of the association pending with the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) and the Nashik district collectorate. A continuous follow-up process will be undertaken with the NMC and the district collectorate.\"The DP roads are yet to be developed and efforts will also be taken by the organization in this connection. Besides, the widening of the Nashik-Trimbak Road is necessary in view of the coming Sinhastha Kumbha mela, which is to be held in Nashik in the year 2015. Traffic in the city is increasing day-by-day due to the rapid development of the city. Hence, it is necessary for us to build small flyovers at prime locations across the city that will help ease traffic,\" Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12513635", "title": "Diamond city's popularity as man-made fabric hub waning", "text": "SURAT: Surat's its popularity as India's biggest man-made fabric manufacturing centre is on a decline.Reason: Powerloom weavers, who have been manufacturing polyester fabrics using polyester filament yarn as their main raw material since decades, have started a big switch on cotton yarn for manufacturing cotton fabrics for suiting-shirting, furnishing and different types of industrial fabric.Thanks to the introduction of sophisticated powerloom machines, about 25 per cent or 35 lakh metres of the total fabrics manufactured in the city are now cotton-based. The weaving sector manufactures about three crore metre of polyester fabrics per day.The change, according to the industry experts, in the weaving sector is quite noticeable in the last two years as the number of sophisticated powerloom equipments like Rapier and water jet looms have gone up from a mere few hundred to over 20,000.Other reason behind the change is the sharp fluctuation in the polyester yarn prices, which attracted the many weavers to go for cotton yarn due to price stability.The textile sector in the city contributes 40 per cent of the man-made fabric demand of the country with the production of about 840 crore metre of fabric per annum worth.\"Surat is all set to lose its identity as the country's biggest man-made fabric manufacturing hub. In the next two years, I foresee that the city would manufacture polyester and cotton fabrics in equal percentage\" said Arun Jariwala, chairman, Federation of Indian Art Silk Weaving Industry (FIASWI) and Indian Technical Textile Association (ITTA).The Rapier and water jet looms are altogether different from the conventional powerloom machines, which are meant only to manufacture polyester saris and dress material. With the sophistication, the weavers could manufacture a range of fabric material for shirting and home furnishing using cotton yarn and a blend of cotton and polyester filament yarn, added Jariwala.Dhirubhai Shah, chairman, Fairdeal Filaments Ltd. told TOI, \"The consumption of cotton yarn is increasing day-by-day. We have an installed capacity of about 550 water jet looms producing cotton fabrics. In the coming two to three years, the city will be producing about 1.5 crore metre of cotton fabrics per annum.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12516473", "title": "Dasari takes a dig at Tollywood biggies", "text": "Director Dasari Narayana Rao ended up hogging all the limelight at the special felicitation for National Award-winning editor, KL Praveen. He bagged the best editor award for his work in the Tamil movie \"Aranya Kandam\".Taking a dig at the secondhand treatment being meted out to technicians in the industry he said, \"I am filled with mixed emotions. I am proud that a Telugu native had managed to win his first National Award working in a Tamil film. Yet none of the official bodies, be it the Andhra Pradesh Film Chamber of Commerce or the Editors Association, have come forward to encourage him. We take great pleasure in felicitating the same old Padma Bhushans and Padma Vibhushans all the time, but talented technicians' achievements are hardly ever acknowledged. That is why our films hardly ever win any National Award,\" he fumed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12513248", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation mops up 190-cr property tax", "text": "PUNE: The property tax department of the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has collected Rs 190 crore as tax for 2011-12 and surpassed its target by Rs 10 crore.Shahji Pawar, assistant commissioner and chief of property tax department, PCMC, said, \"The target set for the department in the annual budget of 2011-12 was Rs 180 crore, but we have been successful in collecting Rs 190 crore till March 31.\"The tax collected is Rs 31 crore more than what was collected in 2010-11. Pawar said that the civic body had surpassed its budgetary target even in that year.Around 44,000 property holders have taken benefits of the various concessions granted. Pawar said that the civic body provides 10% concession in the general tax to women property holders and those who pay their taxes in advance. It also provides 50% concession in the general tax to ex-servicemen and freedom fighters.He further said, \"The civic body has charged a fine of 2% per month to property holders who did not pay the property tax for the first half of the fiscal before September 30 and that of the second half of the fiscal before December 31. Consequently, there was an increase in the percentage of property holders paying their taxes early to avoid paying the fine.\"Enumerating the measures taken to improve the tax collection, Pawar said, \"The property tax bills were distributed on time, house visits were made to collect the tax, reminder letters and seizure notices were sent to defaulters. Regular meetings were held with officers and employees of the divisional offices to review the tax collection and list of defaulters. As a result, we were able to collect Rs 190 crore, which is the highest annual property tax collection till now.\"He said that the civic body has identified 18,000 new properties or extension to old properties in 2011-12 and registered them. This will result in an increase of Rs 15 crore to Rs 20 crore in the annual property tax collection. As per a resolution approved by the civic body, the PCMC will be giving a 10% concession in the general tax to residential properties and 5% concession in the general tax to non-residential properties if owners pay their taxes before June 30.Property tax Collection of PCMCYear: No. of properties Annual Target Actual Recovery2008-09 2.71 lakh Rs 90.06 crore Rs 89.57 crore2009-10 2.88 lakh Rs 102.55 crore Rs 102.46 crore2010-11 3.07 lakh Rs 158.54 crore Rs 159 crore2011-12 3.25 lakh Rs 180 crore Rs 190 crore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12513374", "title": "Missing vehicle at PU triggers agitation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A case of theft of a vehicle belonging to a student of niversity Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET) at UIETevoked a protest outside the administrative block on Monday.The protest followed after representatives of Students Organization of Panjab University (SOPU) sought CCTV footage at PU only to find that a 15-20 second clipping was missing, as a result of which they could not find any clue regarding the missing vehcile.A white jeep owned by Hardeep Singh, a student of UIET, who is a SOPU supporter, went missing from the campus. When the students asked about it, the security staff checked the CCTV footage, from which a 15-20 second clipping was missing.\"There is no clue on any such vehicle leaving the PU premises which implies that the car is still on the campus,\" said Pushpinder Sharma, president, Panjab University Campus Students Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12512130", "title": "HC grants bail to 2 more AMRI directors", "text": "KOLKATA: Manish Goenka and Ravi Todi, directors of the AMRI Hospitals, were granted bail by the Calcutta high court on Monday. They were in custody for 116 days since their arrest after the December 9 fire at AMRI-Dhakuria that claimed 91 lives.The order was passed by a division bench of justices Ashim Roy and Ashim Ray. The defence lawyers argued that the two directors should be granted bail pending trial since the investigation in the case had been completed and a chargsheet filed. Of the 16 accused in the case, 12 are directors and the rest senior executives of the hospital. All of them have been charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder.Last Wednesday, the high court granted bail to AMRI directors RS Goenka and Prashant Goenka, saying documents placed before it showed the board of directors wasn't responsible for the hospital's day-to-day affairs.So far, six of the accused, including five directors, have already been granted bail. Dr Moni Chhetri, the managing director of the hospital who holds its license, was granted bail by a trial court. Dr Pranab Dasgupta and senior vice president Satyabrata Upadhyay were also granted bail.Director R S Agarwal was granted bail by the high court along with R S Goenka and Prashant Goenka on March 28. Three board members - Aditya Agarwal, Preeti Surekha and Rahul Todi - are absconding.More than 90 persons, most of them patients, died after inhaling smoke on the night of the fire that allegedly started from cotton and other materials stored illegally in the basement of the centrally air-conditioned multi-specialty hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511532", "title": "SC to hear 2G review petitions on Tuesday", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday will consider a host of review petitions, including those filed by Prime Minister's Office and telecom companies, against the two judgments of the apex court on issues relating to cancellation of 2G spectrum licences as well as grant of sanction for prosecution of public servants.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and K S Radhakrishnan would hear in chamber seven petitions filed by telecom companies and one each by the PMO, the Union government and former telecom minister A Raja, who is the key accused in the 2G scam case.While the PMO sought reconsideration of the three-month deadline given by the court for either grant or refusal of sanction for prosecution, the Union government questioned the judgment on the ground that it intruded the executive arena by recommending auction route for fresh allocation of spectrum licences.The companies which have sought cancellation of mobile services licenses are - Tata Teleservices , S Tel, Videocon Telecommunications Ltd, Sistema Shyam Teleservices Ltd, Unitech Wireless (TN) Pvt Ltd, Etisalat DB Telecommunication Pvt Ltd and Idea Cellular .Raja has also questioned the judgment, saying by ordering cancellation of the licences, the court has already pre-judged his actions that would be prejudicial to him during the trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12513222", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation's participatory budget funds fall by 7.5 cr this year", "text": "PUNE: The participatory budget initiative introduced by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) in 2007 has lost some of its momentum. Systemic obstacles like a lack of transparency in approving developmental projects submitted by citizens and a short time span for sending in suggestions, seem to have dampened people's enthusiasm. As a result, in 2012-13, funds allotted for the participatory budget is a mere Rs 27.20 crore, almost Rs 7.5 crore less than that allotted the previous year.The initiative was introduced to increase public participation in the budgetary process and developmental works undertaken within civic limits. In it, citizens can give the PMC suggestions for civil works like the construction of footpaths, roads, roadside drains, public toilets and installation of streetlights. Works suggested in the previous budget and repair works, however, cannot be accepted as new suggestions. The cost of the suggested civil works should not exceed Rs 5 lakh and the budgetary provision made for citizens' recommendations from each electoral ward is Rs 25 lakh.Speaking with TOI, Ulka Kalskar, chief accountant of PMC, conceded that there had been a reduction in the allocation of funds.\"Funds are made available according to the proposals received from people,\" she said. \"This year, the response has been much less.\" Kalskar said that there was almost a 20% reduction in the budget allocated for projects as suggested by citizens.After the initiative was introduced, fund allocation increased consistently till 2009-10. In 2010-11, the amount fell but rose again the next year before falling again in 2012-13. However, so far, funds have never been fully utilized.Civic activists say the response to the initiative has decreased. \"One of the main reasons why participation has decreased are systemic problems. If those are solved, people will increase their participation,\" said Sunil Agrawal, a senior programme officer of Janwani, an organization associated with the initiative.He said that citizens are given only one or two months to submit proposals. \"If this period is increased, the response will increase. More effort should also be made to reach out to people,\" he said.Avinash Madhale, programme officer, Centre for Environment Education (CEE), said the system should be more transparent.\"After people submit their project proposals, panel-level committees take a final call on which projects should be accepted and sent to the PMC for budget allocation. These meetings are not open to the public. If a project is rejected, no one gets to know the reason. This reduces one's enthusiasm,\" he said.Madhale added that there were no specific guidelines about which projects can be included.Satish Khot, president of the National Society for Clean Cities, also called for more transparency in the process of selection of projects. \"The lack of transparency has led to public apathy. Very often projects suggested by citizens are rejected and the projects promoted by workers of local corporators are approved. This has reduced the public response. If this lack of transparency continues, the intention of the participatory budget will be defeated,\" Khot said.When told these points, Kalskar said the PMC was making every effort to maintain transparency. \"Details of projects that are rejected are communicated to those who submit them,\" she said. \"We cannot give an indefinite time period for submission of projects. There has to be a deadline because, after submission of the projects, a number of processes including checking the feasibility of the project and spot survey by the engineers has to be completed. Extending the time period for submission of proposals will not be possible,\" she said.Year Funds allotted Funds utilised2007-08 Rs 17.62 cr Rs 11.32 cr2008-09 Rs 27.27 cr Rs 20.75 cr2009-10 Rs 35.00 cr Rs 21.62 cr2010-11 Rs 30.16 cr Rs 16.55 cr2011-12 Rs 34.73 cr (still being compiled)2012-13 Rs 27.20 cr", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12513711", "title": "Man kills neighbour following tiff", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 48-year-old man was arrested on Monday for killing his neighbor over a minor altercation. The incident occurred at Annadasampalayam near Sirumugain in the district. Police said S Sivaraj (32), a farmer residing at Annadasampalayam, was chatting with his five friends inside a temple premises.On minor provocation, R Arumugasamy, a construction worker and neighbour of Sivaraj, scolded him and his friends. Later, Sivaraj went to Arumugasamy's home and warned him against shouting at him and his friends.Unexpectedly, Arumugasamy took a knife and stabbed on Sivaraj's left chest. Sivaraj sustained deep injuries and died on the spot. Sirumugai police have registered a case and arrested Arumugasamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12512049", "title": "India to send 26/11 papers to Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will soon send to Pakistan all documents related to 26/11 terror attacks case that were authenticated by four key witnesses during the visit of a Pakistani judicial commission to Mumbai in March this year.The documents include the confessional statement of the lone surviving Pakistani perpetrator Ajmal Kasab , post mortem reports of nine slain terrorists and 26/11 victims prepared by two doctors and the case diary of Mumbai attack case. The documents are expected to help the Rawalpindi court which is hearing the 26/11 case in Pakistan.Sources said that these documents were authenticated by magistrate R V Sawant Waghule, who had taken down the confession of Kasab, investigating officer of the case inspector Ramesh Mahale and by the doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "jaipur/jodhpur", "code": "12513307", "title": "Identify abandoned girl's parents, HC directs Jodhpur hospital", "text": "JAIPUR/JODHPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Monday took suo-motu cognizance of an eight-day-old abandoned girl's plight at a Jodhpur hospital and directed authorities to identify her parents. The court warned of action if they avoided her custody and proper care a day after TOI reported the story.The newborn was abandoned immediately after her birth last week as her mother insisted that she had given birth to a baby boy and that he had got exchanged with the girl, who was born on the same day. Two couples are claiming the boy while the girl remains abandoned. The hospital authorities are waiting for a DNA test from a Hyderabad laboratory to confirm the girl's parentage.The court appointed an amicus curiae and asked Jodhpur's chief judicial magistrate (CJM) to file a report on the matter on April 20.Justice Sandeep Mehta directed the CJM to provide protection to the girl including her right to be cared by her parents while invoking Protection of Women (Domestic Violence) Act's section 12. \"If any person is found avoiding custody and the duty of proper upkeep of the child, the court shall have to invoke Section 31 of the act,'' the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12512657", "title": "Students adopt ancient Jain site", "text": "MADURAI: Students of the history department of Fatima College in Madurai have come forward to adopt the ancient Jain site in Keelakuyilkudi in Madurai, as part of the Dhan Foundation's tourism for development project.As part of the programme, heritage clubs have been formed by the NGO in the three colleges - Mannar College, Fatima College and Thiagarajar College of Arts. Interested students can become members of the clubs and participate in the crucial activity of preserving the heritage in the region.K P Bharathi, programme leader said that students of history often feel that they have selected one of least important courses of study, but this is not true. \"They can contribute to the preservation of culture and heritage of the region,\" he said. The heritage clubs have roped in students of history for this purpose.A memorandum of understanding to this effect was signed between the NGO and the college in March and 50 students toured Keelakuyilkudi, on Sunday. Dr V Vedachalam, archaeologist and Dr R Venketraman, retired professor of history at the Madurai Kamaraj University explained to the students the importance of the site, which has stone inscriptions to prove that it was inhabited by the Jain community in second century BC written in Tamil brahmi script.The site bears witness to many sculptures of Mahaveer and other Jain monks. There is also historical evidence that this place was the site of a flourishing Jain school in the ninth century. Keelakuyilkudi was also famous during the British rule and the buildings stand evidence to this.The students would first learn about the region and spread knowledge among their peers in their respective institutes and later educate the host community living in the region on the importance of preserving these sites, from further destruction by natural and also anti-social factors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12512647", "title": "10 held for exam paper leak, trail leads to Chikmagalur", "text": "BANGALORE: The II PU question paper leak case was cracked on Monday with the arrest of 10 persons, including a Bangalore advocate, and one probe trail led the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) sleuths to Chikmagalur district. The sleuths said papers were squirrelled out of the strong room from Chikmagalur's Kadur sub-treasury, some 209km from here, in an ingenious manner without disturbing the government seal on the bundle.The sleuths didn't rule out similar legs of the racket operating in Kolar and Chikkaballapur districts with local treasuries acting as the source points.The prime accused is 44-yerar-old A Munawar Basha from Kadur, who works as an integrated education resource teacher in the block education office and allegedly smuggled out the question papers from the strong room. Second accused H S Sunil Kumar, a second-division clerk, would allegedly open the room for Basha.SSLC Exams Day 1 Goes Off SmoothlyBANGALORE: Lakhs of students appeared for the SSLC examination, which went off smoothly on Day One on Monday. The students came prepared for their first public exam, considered to be important as it will determine their future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12512634", "title": "Kisan morcha to block rail tracks today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Bharatiya Janta Party (BJP) kisan morcha will disrupt rail traffic on April 3 in eight states in support of its demand to get recommendations of the M S Swaminathan committee implemented, and release of Rs 500 bonus per quintal on wheat.The protest is likely to affect Amritsar, Bathinda, Sangrur and Sahnewal in Punjab while in Haryana, tracks would be blocked in Ambala, Panipat, Bhiwani, Faridabad and Tohana, a BJP kisan morcha spokesman said.Morcha members would also protest on tracks in Himachal Pradesh , Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Uttarakhand. Kisan Morcha national president Om Prakash Dhankar will stage a demonstration in Bhiwani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12513079", "title": "Life limping back to normal at Phasipada", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Life is limping back to normal in Ganjam's Phasipada village after Saturday's police firing in which two persons were killed and many others injured. Police forces have been withdrawn from the trouble-torn village. But most men, who had fled after the incident, are yet to return fearing arrest.There was a clash between policemen and villagers within Kodala police limits while policemen were rescuing three persons, whom the villagers had branded as sorcerers. Villagers had allegedly hurled bombs and pelted stones at the policemen with the cops opening fire in return. Several policemen and 18 villagers were injured. The state government has ordered a judiciary inquiry by the district and sessions judge into the incident and suspended the IIC of Kodala.The Congress has demanded the resignation of chief minister Naveen Patnaik , who holds the home portfolio, following the incident. The party said this is the second such incident in Kodala area. Earlier, two persons had died in police firing and police inspector murdered in the district, senior Congress leader and former MLA Lalatendu Bidyadhara Mohapatra said. Even law-makers in the state are not safe, which is evident from the abduction of Jhina Hikaka, he alleged. \"The chief minister should resign,\" the Congress leader said.He also visited the village and discussed the matter with the people. He also inquired about the condition of the victims, who were undergoing treatment at MKCG Medical College here. Mohapatra was accompanied with the OPCC secretary Bikram Panda, student unit president Chinmaya Sahu and district Congress committee president Bhagaban Gantayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12513230", "title": "Bite marks offer clue in woman's murder", "text": "LUCKNOW: The bite marks on 60-year-old woman who was found dead at her Papermill colony residence on March 20 could lead the police to the killer. In a new trend, the police have sought the help of a forensic odontologist (a dentist who assists in criminal investigation) to crack the case.According to a forensic odontologist, the bite marks could be that of a woman. This points towards the possibility that a woman was involved in the murder.Anita Sharma, wife of Late SK Sharma, a resident of B-2/3, Papermill Colony, was found strangulated at her home. The door of the house was ajar. Anita was found dead on the floor of the house.Anita's postmortem report had confirmed two bite marks on her hands. After getting the autopsy report, ASP Aliganj Anees Ahmed Ansari sought the help of Dr Vikram Ahuja, chief dentist at Shushrut Institute of Plastic Surgery (SIPS).Dr Ahuja confirmed to TOI that the bite marks in all probability are that of a woman. Dr Ahuja, who took training in forensic odontology from Cardiff University, UK, lifted the two bite marks from Anita's body and collected all minor details. Since the marks were lifted after postmortem, the accuracy of the result would be over 70% he said. If the marks had been taken before autopsy, the accuracy would have been 100%, he added.Detailing about the science, Dr Ahuja said human teeth leave prominent marks. In the flesh, they leave noticeable bruises or puncture marks. The distinctiveness of the bite mark is used for the identification of the person. For example, gaps or abnormalities present in the teeth of a suspect are compared with the bite mark to see whether it is logical to say that the suspect's teeth made the bite mark or not, Dr Ahuja added.Every detail of the bite mark, like color, size, appearance, location and number of times the victim was bitten are recorded. Photos of the bite marks and samples are taken. Based on these impressions, a dental mold is made and a profile of the criminal is drawn, said Dr Ahuja, adding that if a suspect has been arrested, their dental records are taken and compared to the bite marks for verification.To be able to match a suspect with a bite mark, the mark is documented using photographs, said Dr Ahuja. Then a record of the suspect's teeth is acquired where odontologists take an impression of the teeth in silicon rubber. The impression is set using plaster to make a replica of the gums and teeth and compared with the samples. These photos and replicas are then compared with the crime scene bite mark, he further said.Meanwhile, ASP Aliganj told TOI that bite marks found on Anita's body were matched with three suspects. One suspect has been ruled out by Dr Ahuja, but the other remains under scanner, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12512459", "title": "Passport kendra clogs ease up", "text": "KOLKATA: Aniruddha Roy had braced for the long haul as he ambled through his passport application form on Monday. Though his eyes kept darting back and forth from the centre of the screen to its right hand corner, where the digital clock ticked silently towards 4pm, he had reconciled with the inevitable.The post-doctoral student, who plans to take up a university job outside India, had finished the registration process in about two minutes and filled up the online form on passportindia.gov.in in about 10. But everyone had warned him that it was booking an online appointment at Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) Kolkata that would test his patience.Around 3.57pm, three minutes before the appointed hour when the portal starts accepting requests, Roy clicked on the link in his account that said 'Manage Appointments'. As the screen went blank for a few seconds, Roy could feel himself turning cynical. But when the next page popped up, a colleague who was guiding him through them process, shrieked in delight. \"You've made it!\" she said.Roy had read in newspapers about people trying for weeks and months to get an appointment at the PSK, and seen colleagues going trough the ordeal. \"How things have changed in a week. The service has really improved,\" Roy conceded.Passport officials said the number of online appointments has been increased from 850 to 1,000 a day. Moreover, applicants now have more days to choose from as appointments have been opened for two weeks instead of one earlier.Muktesh K Pardeshi, joint secretary &amp; chief passport officer at the external affairs ministry, told TOI remedial measures had been initiated soon after the newspaper had contacted him last week to find out how the MEA intended to resolve the problem. \"Though we knew citizens had difficulty fixing appointments online, the magnitude of the problem became clear once the woes were highlighted. We had already taken measures to address the issue offline by opening counters to accept forms manually. Now, we are addressing the online problem as well,\" Pardeshi said.Though an applicant seeking an appointment from a PC that has a broadband internet connection is still at an advantage over another trying from a dial-up one, MEA principal consultant &amp; chief technology officer Golok Kumar Simli said the primary problem was not about bandwidth but number of appointments.\"The need for more appointment slots was obvious. Once the number of appointments increased, more people would get through, irrespective of the bandwidth. Those with a high speed connection may secure the appointments before others but it will not be restricted to just them. That is what has happened,\" Simli said.The regional passport officer in Kolkata, R Sivakumar, said the PSK can offer 500-600 more appointments daily if three more granting officers are deputed. At present, three of the 10 posts for granting officers at the PSK are vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12512002", "title": "Tribute to \u201984 riot victims before trial", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court hearing a 1984 anti-Sikh riots' case involving senior Congress leader Sajjan Kumar on Monday said a two-minute silence will be observed before commencement of proceedings every day in memory of the innocent people killed in the carnage.The court's suggestion came as the CBI was advancing the final arguments in the case in which six Sikhs were allegedly killed in Delhi Cantonment area during the riots that had broken out after the assassination of then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi on October 31, 1984.CBI prosecutor and senior advocate R S Cheema blamed Delhi Police for fabricating and destroying the case records. Cheema told the court that as per the police records, it had recorded two statements of prosecution witness Jagdish Kaur in 1985 and 1992 in which she had refused to identify the accused, including Sajjan Kumar, but according to the witness and the CBI's probe, she had not deposed before the police during that time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12510995", "title": "Yashwant lauds EC, seeks probe into scrapped Rajya Sabha poll in Jharkhand", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lauding the Election Commission (EC) for its \"bold\" decision of scrapping the Rajya Sabha polls in Jharkhand, senior BJP leader and an MP from the state, Yashwant Sinha , has asked EC to get a thorough probe conducted by CBI or any other agency into the events since the start of election process.In a letter to Chief Election Commissioner S Y Quraishi, Sinha noted that Jharkhand had become a \"happy hunting ground for unscrupulous moneybags\" and asked the poll body to investigate the role of MLAs and why they agreed to sign the nomination papers of independent candidates. He demanded that those found guilty of electoral malpractices be barred from contesting election \"for the maximum permissible period\".Sinha was one of the first persons to object to BJP's initial decision to support moneybag Anshuman Mishra, an independent candidate from Jharkhand, in the Rajya Sabha polls. Finally, the party decided to withdraw support to Mishra.\"Those found guilty of electoral malpractices, both amongst candidates and their proposers, should be barred from contesting elections for the maximum permissible period,\" the BJP MP wrote to Quraishi, saying that he was writing in \"personal capacity\".He also articulated the growing concern about the transformation of the character of Upper House .He demanded that the expenditure limit for RS polls be reduced drastically to a few thousand rupees as they are indirect elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "12513004", "title": "Bitter harvest for sugarcane farmers", "text": "KEONJHAR: An array of factors have spelt doom for sugarcane farming in Keonjhar's Anandpur and Telkoi areas, which are very suitable for this cash crop. Bad times befell sugarcane farmers of Anandpur after the super cyclone in 1999. Not only was the crop destroyed but the land got covered by sand.Earlier, the crop was being cultivated on over 200 acres in Anandpur, particularly Ghasipura block. But now it has been reduced to about 10 acres. Even many farmers are yet to be compensated for the crop loss in 1999. This has further eroded their interest in cultivating this cash crop. Also, there is no sugar factory in the district for farmers to sell their crop leading to distress sale.Farmers blamed the government for distress sale. They said the government is giving preference to mineral-based industries than agro-based industries. Also, they lose out by selling their crop to traders from outside the district at low prices.Some farmers also want to earn jaggery from sugarcane juice but they are unable to sell it at a profit. \"Earlier, we made 1,000 buckets (about 25 to 30 kg a bucket) and it was the livelihood of many families. Now, it is difficult to make even 100 buckets\" said Bharat Sahu, a farmer. \"There is a great demand for jaggery in every Odia household because it is used to sweeten pithas,\" said Chitta Mishra, a writer.A social activist was very upset with the situation. \"A local MLA, who had held ministerial posts many times, has done little to set up a sugar factory in the area. The soil is fertile and suitable for sugarcane cultivation. But the government is yet to strengthen the irrigation. The farmers are facing difficulties for lack of irrigation too,\" alleged Satrughna Sahu, an activist.While Ananpur farmers have their own cup of woes, Telkoi farmers are not lucky either. Sugarcane farming was a big business in Telkoi block and farmers sold their crops to a sugar mill in Dhenkanal district. Bad times started when elephants started destroying huge quantities of sugarcane every year. Though they have been compensated for it, it was too less discouraging farmers from taking up cultivation again.There has been a stiff fall in sugarcane cultivation over the past few years, according to statistics available with the agriculture department. The kharif production was zero in the last two years. In 2009, sugarcane was cultivated in about 357 hectares, in 2008 it was 330 hectares and in 2007 358 hectares. Similarly, sugarcane farming has sharply declined in the Rabi season. In 2007-08, the area under this cash crop was 203 hectares. This declined to 185 hectares in 2008-09, 149 hectares in 2009-10, 48 in 2009-10 and 40 in 2010-11. \"There has been a fall in area under sugarcane cultivation because of elephant menace and lack of interest of farmers in this business,\" said A K Lenka, deputy director of agriculture (Keonjhar).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12512869", "title": "Demand for coolers soars with rising mercury", "text": "VARANASI: With the soaring mercury already threatening to touch 40 degree Celsius mark in the month of March this year, the market for summer coolers has started bustling. While loads of bodies of summer coolers have started to be stacked in the shops of main markets of coolers including Chetganj, Aurangabad, Gadaulia, Khojwan and Lanka, the shop owners are also anticipating further rise in demand and a good business this season.\"We have made our preparations a fortnight in advance as the mercury has started to rise in the month of March this year. Not only steel-body coolers are being assembled, the demand for fibre-body coolers is also rising. The sale of these coolers is likely to swell further as the mercury would cross 40 degree C mark in the city,\" said Ajay Agrawal, one of the wholesalers of local summer coolers in the city.It may be mentioned here that nearly 75% of demand for summer coolers is met by local summer coolers, a majority of which comprises steel-body coolers. These coolers, in varying shapes and sizes, are classified into small, medium and big sizes, with demand for medium size coolers remaining the maximum in the city.As per reports of the district Met office , the region has already witnessed the maximum temperature of 39.8 degree C on Wednesday (March 28) this year. It is in stark contrast to mercury recorded last year, as it kept below 37 degree C in the month of March in 2011.According to Vijay Sahu, one of the shop owners of local summer coolers who also specialises in assembling of parts, it is not only the rising demand for assembled summer coolers that has kept the shopkeepers busy, but the demand for spare parts like the exhaust fans, mesh, panels and dry grass has also caught up with the rising mercury.Many people are coming with demand for customised summer coolers as per their needs and size of windows in their houses. Such bodies are also being designed as per their demand.\"In addition, fibre-body coolers are also in demand especially by people who are opting to keep them indoors. The blowing of hot winds amidst rising mercury would create more demand for these coolers and the situation may arise sooner than later,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12512809", "title": "Mangalore City Corporation might move SC green bench for Lakya water", "text": "MANGALORE: The acute water shortage that the city is facing might well prove to be a blessing in disguise to tap available surplus water at Lakya Reservoir of KIOCL at Kudremukh in Chikmagalur district. The city can get an estimated six million gallons per day (MGD) from the reservoir- 2.5 MGD by way of gravitational flow and the rest by pumping from Lakya to Panambur water treatment plant of Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) - to meet it's drinking water needs.With the issue of closing of mining operations in Kudremukh pending before the green bench of the Supreme Court, only way for the city to get this water is MCC impleading itself in the case. The corporation has to seek permission of the bench to use water from the reservoir for domestic purpose. KIOCL in its letter to MCC dated March 21 has agreed to hand over the existing pipeline from Lakya to Panambur, 67 km, and also to maintain it under its corporate social responsibility scheme.N Yogish Bhat, deputy speaker of the state assembly, who raised the issue by way of calling an attention motion in the state assembly last week, said courts generally take a lenient view in utilizing natural resources to meet drinking water needs.A similar effort in the past to get water from Lakya did not materialise as the city, which had augmented its water supply through KUDCEMP, had projected water availability for its population till 2025.KIOCL earlier had also sought a share of water made available to the city for using at its plants here, a request which MCC had turned down as the bench would have frowned on any such move.\"However, KIOCL in its latest letter has offered to allow the city to use the entire six MGD of water as well as maintain the pipeline, valued at about Rs 600 crore,\" Harish Kumar, MCC commissioner said.Calling attention motion will expedite any necessary clearances that city corporation may require from the government to move the bench and implead itself in the case. \"The need of the hour is to make use of the situation and convince the bench that the city corporation's earlier technical assessment of meeting water needs of projected population in 2025 is misplaced and it could do with additional water sources to meet future needs,\" Bhat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12512735", "title": "4 of family killed as speedy car hits tree", "text": "BELGAUM: Four persons including two women and a one-year-old boy died on the spot, and two girls were seriously injured, when a speedy car hit a road side tree after the driver lost control, at Halaki cross in Savadatti taluk, 54 km away from Belgaum on Monday.The deceased are Sayyad Khalid Peerzade , 35, his wife Kousarbhanu, 28, son Sayyad Aman , 1, and their relative Sayyadbebi Zahgirdar, 33, while the injured are Sufiyana Peerzade, 8, and Lubiyana Peerzade ,6.All victims were hailing from Bijapur and were heading towards Belgaum to attend condolence programme of their relative who died recently. The injured girls have been admitted to KLES Hospital and their condition is said to be serious. A case has been registered at the Murgod police station.Two killedTwo persons were killed near Hirur, when a speedy bike hit a KSRTC bus. The deceased are Fakirapp Durgappa Tarihal, 24, and Bhimashi Ningappa Melennavar, 22, both from Gosbal village inRamdurg taluk. A case has been registered in Savadatti taluk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12512287", "title": "Cop found dead in car in Greater Noida", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: An Uttar Pradesh police constable was found dead under mysterious circumstances in his car in Greater Noida on Monday morning. Police say it seems to be case of suffocation. As the medical examination of the deceased, identified as Pushpendra Kumar, did not confirm the cause of death, his viscera has been preserved and will be sent to Agra for further tests.Arjun Singh, SHO of Surajpur, said Pushpendra, a native of Prabuddh Nagar, was posted in the District Court Summons Cell at Police Lines and was seen lying motionless in his car by a passerby.\"The car was locked from inside and the air conditioning was on. He was lying still on the driver's seat. The car was seen parked at the same place even in the afternoon. When local residents did not see the driver make any movement, they called the police,\" Singh said.The police forced open the windows and took the constable to Kailash Hospital where he was declared brought dead. \"After confirmation of his death, his family members were informed. On Monday, his post mortem was conducted in sector 93,\" said a police officer.Police sources said Pushpendra was indulged in frequent drinking. On Sunday afternoon, too, he had consumed liquor at a local spot. The district police are investigating whether they were more persons with him when he consumed liquor and about any likely impact on Pushpendra due to gas leakage from the car AC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12512532", "title": "BJP now rakes up cow slaughter bill", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP is seeking to wipe out the recent spate of negative publicity it attracted, by turning to the holy cow. Keeping an eye on the 2013 assembly elections, the party wants to rid itself of bad press over frequent infighting and a series of scandals, and is campaigning to protect the cow from all kinds of commercial exploitation.On Monday, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda announced that the government will resend the Karnataka Prevention of Slaughter and Preservation of Cattle Bill 2010 to President Pratibha Patil , after making certain modifications. He said the modified bill will be first tabled in the upcoming monsoon session of the assembly, most probably in June, before it is forwarded to the President.\"The President had sought a minor amendment in a clause defining cattle and buffaloes. We will make this small modification in consultation with legal experts, before placing the bill in the next assembly session,\" Gowda added. The government is also planning to set up a cow service commission shortly.The President had returned the bill in February last, taking objection to the definition of cattle. As per the definition of cattle, the proposed Act includes bull, bullock and buffalo. The bill also removes any distinction between 'cow' and 'cattle', and makes slaughter of all forms of cattle - including he and she buffaloes - a punishable crime. Slaughter of any cattle, irrespective of age, will be deemed a crime if the bill replaces the Act. But the Centre suggested that 'cattle' be replaced by 'cow'.Law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar said the government had sent its opinion on definition of cattle on March 22, and was awaiting further directions from the Centre.The renewed push for the anti-cow slaughter bill reflects the changing equations within the BJP. A major factor that could be influencing the BJP's anti-cow slaughter campaign is the constant threat of rebellion from former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa.Political analyst and retired political science professor MN Patil argued that under Yeddyurappa's constant threat to split the party if he is not reinstated as chief minister, the BJP is also no longer sure it can count completely on the Lingayat vote bank.\"When Yeddyurappa was at the helm, there was a conflict between the core BJP group from the Sangh Parivar and outsiders who joined the BJP. After Yeddyurappa's exit, the party has been trying to realign itself and the BJP core group is asserting its Sangh affiliations,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kendrapara", "code": "12513059", "title": "Wall of Buddhist monastery collapses", "text": "KENDRAPARA: A section of the wall of the 8th century Buddhist monastery at Jajpur's Udayagiri collapsed recently. \"It is extremely important to prevent the wall from collapsing because it would block the entrance to the monastery,\" said Nrusingh Charana Sahoo, a noted historian and researcher.The wall probably collapsed because of moisture freezing between layers of brick and breaking the bonds between them, Sahoo said. When the bricks thaw, there is nothing holding them, he added. Manas Ranjan Sahoo, an ASI official in Udayagiri said \"We found that the wall has given away at several places. We will repair it soon.\"\"ASI is struggling to preserve the archaeological wealth. The monument tells the story of Buddhist civilization and religion,\" said Bebaratta Ajaya Das, vice-president of Buddhayan, a cultural organization working for preservation of Buddhist sites.Udayagiri was a Vajrayana centre between the 8th and 9th century A.D. At Udayagiri, there were remains of several stupas, said a senior official of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), adding that one of this is the Dhyani Buddha having descriptions in Vajrayana texts.\"Illegal quarrying near Udayagiri poses a serious threat to the ancient Buddhist monastery. The monument is facing the onslaught of axes and spades of quarry workers as every day many trucks transport the stones, boulders, stone-chips and morums from the hill,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "shravasti", "code": "12513007", "title": "Auto-lifters' gang busted, kingpin held", "text": "SHRAVASTI: Bhinga Kotwali police have busted an auto-lifters' gang and arrested the kingpin. Seven luxury cars have also been reovered from his possession. The hunt for other accused of the gang is on.The Kotwali police during a vehicle checking drive at Anta Tiraha on Bhinga-Sirsia road stopped an SUVand asked to show the papers but the driver did not had them. The driver identified as Bhupendra Nath Verma son of Kallu Verma resident of nakha village was taken for interrogation by the police. Bhupendra admitted the vehicle to have been stolen and being driven on a bike number of Bareilly. Later the information of the driver the police recovered six more stolen vehicles from different areas of the district. Inspector in-charge Suresh Ram Suman said that the apprehended accused was the chief of the gang and he has revealed the names of few more persons who are being hunted. He added that soon few more persons can be arrested andsome more vehicles can also be recovered. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12513403", "title": "Cop faints, officials fail to provide ride to hospital", "text": "NAGPUR: A police constable, already suffering from stress-related complications, collapsed at the police station, but the senior officers were not able to provide him either a caretaker or vehicle to rush him for medical assistance. It was learnt the police station vehicles were sent for security arrangement of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan who had come to attend a funeral in the city.Constable Dinesh Tandulkar, attached to Rana Pratap Nagar police station, had to be rushed to a private hospital at Dhantoli on bike after his health deteriorated following a heated argument with the in-charge officer on Monday over the issue of marking him absent and denying a leave until he produced a medical certificate. Tandulkar had requested his senior to allow him to proceed on leave as he was not feeling well after a strenuous duty of the previous day.A young constable from Imambada police station had died on duty while a senior PI was declared dead at a private hospital after he collapsed at the chamber of the then CP Praveen Dixit during an early morning meeting. Family members of a constable had expressed displeasure against a senior PI after the cop died following a heart attack.Tandulkar, son of a retired police inspector, had engaged in a heated duel with police inspector SB Sable who is holding the charge of the police station as senior PI Anil Benke had proceeded to leave a day before.Deputy commissioner of police Kailas Kanse said that he has urged the assistant commissioner of police of Sonegaon division to look into the matter. He however, said, \"The constable may be unwell, but in discipline service it is important to seek help from the hierarchy rather than taking up the issue at a personal level and argue with a senior.\"Sources in the police station said that the constabulary and officials had a long bandobast duty on Sunday on the occasion of Ram Navami. Tandulkar, who is part of a detection wing of the police station, had returned home in the wee hours of the day. He, along with other members of the detection squad, was summoned to the police station early morning.Tandulkar and others were marked absent as they did not report to duty. Dr Pratap Singh of Shree Krishna Heart Care Hospital, where Tandulkar was admitted, said that the constable had come with complaints of chest pain and hyper-tension. \"We would conduct more investigations into his cardiac condition before coming to any conclusion,\" he said. Apart from Dr Singh, cardiologist Dr Mahesh Fulwani attended Tandulkar.\"I still tried to stabilize myself for 20 minutes but could not sustain for long,\" said an upset Tandulkar. The constable's disappointed father Bhaurao, who retired from State Reserve Police Force in 2003, said that humanity cannot be dissociated from uniform service even if it is an emergency. \"I would meet my son's senior to share my experience as an inspector only to let him know that harassment and discipline are two different issues,\" said Bhaurao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12512479", "title": "Questions raised on credibility of state's budgeting process", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Gujarat state assembly's six-week-long budget session ended last week with the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report sharply criticizing the state government for resorting to \"deviation from budget allocation both with regard to the receipts as well as expenditure, raising questions about the credibility of the budgeting process, budget monitoring and reliability of management information system.\"CAG particularly notes \"unnecessary, excessive, inadequate supplementary provisions\" while resorting to expenditures and \"substantial surrender\" of funds \"on account of either non-implementation or slow implementation of schemes and programmes.\"Giving figures for the financial year 2010-11, it recorded 86 cases whose surrender was either more than 50 per cent of the provision or above Rs 1 crore. It said, \"Out of the total provision amounting to Rs 1,543.06 crore, Rs 1,168.88 crore (75.75 per cent) was surrendered, which included cent per cent surrender in 22 cases (Rs 138.79 crore).\"Cent per cent surrenders were made in respect of such schemes like long-term flood mitigation plant (Rs 40 crore); disease control programme for foot and mouth disease (Rs 20.30 crore); construction of docks, berths and jetties (Rs 12.23 crore); teaching courses through computers (Rs 11.95 crore crore); development of government engineering colleges (Rs 6.05 crore); establishment of convention-cum-exhibition centre (Rs 10.49 crore); four emergency response centres (Rs 5 crore), and so on.Indifference towards education can be clearly seen in the surrender of funds. Thus, 99.92 per cent of Rs 111.55 crore allocated for implementation of Rashtriya Madhyamik Shikshan Abhiyan scheme was surrendered. Out of Rs 97 crore for computer literacy and studies in schools, 67 per cent amount, or Rs 65 crore, was surrendered.Other major amounts surrendered included for district and session judges (91.59 per cent of Rs 166.20 crore), Mission Mangalam for self-help groups (65 per cent of Rs 80.15 crore).Significantly, the surrender has taken place against the backdrop of the CAG observation that, in a large number of cases, more than 40 per cent of the expenditure took place just the last month of the last financial year - March 2011. More, 63 per cent of the expenditure took place in the last quarter of the financial year. CAG said, \"Last minute fund releases and issuance of re-appropriation/ surrender orders at the fag end, particularly on the last day of the year, should be avoided.\"CAG further underlined, \"Internal controls within the state government departments are not functioning as envisaged with regard to compliance with various rules and procedures instituted by the government. Financial reporting cannot be accurate and reliable in the absence of compliance with the basic requirement or compilation of accounts by the government undertakings and bodies and non-accountal/ adjustment or large amounts drawn on abstract contingent bills by the departmental authorities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12512623", "title": "Speeding bus mows down mobike-borne youth", "text": "INDORE: A 21-year-old youth was knocked down by a recklessly driven bus hit the mobike in which he was riding pillion near Polo Ground in the city on Monday morning. His friend, who was riding the mobike, sustained serious injuries in the mishap.According to police, Rahul, son of Om Prakash, who is a police head constable with SAP, was killed in the accident while his friend Vikas sustained serious injuries.Police said that the two youths were on a motorbike bearing registration number MP09 JM0226 and were passing through the police petrol pump when a bus (MP09 H9720) coming from the opposite side knocked them down.Police said that Vikas was riding the bike and Rahul was riding pillion. They were coming from Hathod village. Rahul, police said, sustained head injuries and was rushed to a nearby hospital, where he was declared brought dead. Vikas also sustained serious injuries and is battling for life at the same hospital.They both were working at the same company in the city, said police.According to police, the driver sped away the bus after the accident. Efforts were on to nab the driver of the bus, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12513398", "title": "30-member Metropolitan Planning Committee to be reconstituted", "text": "PUNE: The all-important metropolitan planning committee (MPC) for Pune region will be reconstituted following recent elections to the Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal corporations and the zilla parishad. The committee, which is headed by the chief minister, takes important decisions regarding use of land and transport planning for the Pune region.Members of the MPC are elected from among corporators and councilors. A majority of the representatives of the 30-member committee are from Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations.State deputy director of town planning Avinash Patil told TOI that the election process will begin soon after consultations with the Pune divisional commissioner. \"Even if a present member of the committee has been reelected to the civic body or the ZP, a fresh election is necessary. However, there is no time limit within which the committee has to be reconstituted,\" he said.The last MPC elections were held in April 2008. Since then, the committee has met only once. The planning committee, which has a wide range of powers on planning and development, however is yet to take up major works on various fronts. The committee was expected to prepare a draft development plan for the region spread over 3,000 sq km and take important decisions related to sharing of water and solid waste management. The committee incidentally can invite any expert for guidance on planning. Similarly, the MPs in the region as well as the MLAs are special invitees to the committee.Ujjwal Keskar, a former member of the committee, said the MPC would be the executive committee for the Pune Metropolitan Regional Development Authority (PMRDA) which is yet to be formed. Various sub-groups were formed to give recommendations on land use, traffic and transportation. Barring traffic and transportation, not much work has been done on other fronts, he said.The state town planning department, which oversees the work of the Pune metropolitan planning committee, does not have the required funds or the staff to take up any new development initiatives. Two years back, the committee had sent a proposal to the PMC and the PCMC to share the cost of Rs 3.86 crore required for setting up the committee's office and other administrative support. The previous civic bodies, however, have not agreed to the proposal. The PCMC general body did not give any funds. Instead, it approved a resolution that the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority should provide the funds. The PCNTDA too turned down the proposal.After the reconstitution of the committee, the first thing on their agenda would be to appoint a traffic and transportation consultant. The MPC's sub-committee on traffic and transportation said in its report that planning for mass transport projects needs to be taken up keeping in mind the development of the region in the next 50 years. Besides planning of public transport, the sub committee has also stressed on planning for freight transport. The MPC's main task ahead is to appoint a private agency for examining all technical details related to traffic and transportation planning in the region. A similar survey was carried out by the Mumbai Metropolitan Regional Development Authority, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12511784", "title": "Are cops going soft on Gupta?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police seem to have lost interest in tracking the fugitive realtor GS Gupta, who allegedly duped construction major DLF Universal Limited of over Rs 280 crore. In fact, the behavior of the police was suspicious since the beginning of the case as they did not arrest Gupta, who was in continuous touch with them for over 10 days after cases were booked against him.According to the police, the last known location of the realtor was Kolkata, where he had taken shelter at one of his close relative's house in the last week of February.In the two cases registered, Gupta and his nine associates were made accused and initially all of them went underground. The Central Crime Station (CCS) had formed five special teams to nab them, but in the meanwhile, eight secured anticipatory bail and appeared before a local court.However, prime accused GS Gupta and his brother Gopal Gupta were denied bail so far and they continue to be on the run. Meanwhile, with media focus on the issue fading away, CCS sleuths silently withdrew some of the special teams deployed to track them and, according to investigating officers, only two teams, comprising four cops, have been looking for the duo.\"In Kolkata, we got information that the Guptas were taking shelter in Himachal Pradesh and our teams are scouring for them in Kullu and Manali. It has been difficult to track them as the duo had stopped using phones,\" an investigating officer said.While CCS sleuths maintain that they were putting in a lot of effort to track the accused, a close look at their investigation pattern paints a different picture.Even after the second case was booked on February 4, Gupta was in constant touch with police and he appeared before investigating officers about five times till February 16. However, when he realised that his arrest was imminent, Gupta along with his associates went underground.The issue came to light after CCS sleuths failed to locate them for over a week and the information was leaked to the media.With media focus on the issue fading away, CCS sleuths silently withdrew some of the special teams deployed to track him", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12512487", "title": "Autorickshaw drivers demand hike in fares", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Travelling in an autorickshaw in the city might get costlier in a few days. Following the CNG price hike on Sunday, Ahmedabad Auto Rickshaw Chalak Sangharsh Samiti on Monday submitted a memorandum to the state transportation department demanding a hike in fares.According to the Samiti members, the transportation department officials have promised to hike the fares within a week's time. \"We handed over a memorandum to joint director of transport department K M Patel as the commissioner was not in the office. The officials have assured us that they will reply in a week's time to tell us how much fare is to be increased. So we've decided to wait till Saturday. However, if we don't get any positive response by that time, the autorikshaw drivers in the city will launch a protest,\" said Samiti president Harihar Mishra.The Samiti has demanded that the minimum fare be hiked to Rs 15 which is Rs 11 at present. The members also demanded to allow them to charge Rs 10 per unit of luggage if the luggage exceeds 10 kg. The drivers are also demanding that the calculation of cost of CNG at filling stations should be rounded up into rupees as there is always a shortage of change.Meanwhile, as an alternative to these demands, the Samity has suggested that the government provide subsidy in CNG for autorikshaw drivers so that increase in the passenger fares can be avoided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12512556", "title": "PU paper leak probe will shift to Kolar", "text": "BANGALORE: The strong room in a Kadur sub-treasury is the source of II PU paper leak, according to an investigation by the Criminal Investigation Department (CID).The prime accused is Munawar Basha, who allegedly connived with HS Sunil Kumar, a second-division clerk, and stole the papers from the strongroom. Sub-treasurer Veerabhadraiah, who shuttled between Kadur and Chikmagalur daily, would hand over the strong-room keys to Sunil.DG (CID) Roop Kumar Dutta said they were not sure about Veerabhadraiah's involvement in the racket. Sunil would let Basha into the strong room and lock it from outside. \"While Sunil stood guard, Basha would cut open the cover of a question paper bundle, pull out a copy and bring it out,\" Dutta said. Later, the accused photocopied the paper and inserted the original back into the bundle whose government seal would remain intact.The racketeers leaked biology paper first. Maths and Physics papers were leaked on another day. The accused sold the papers by email or fax or courier to students and middlemen. A police officer said Sunil allegedly sold the paper to T Sonnappa, a primary school teacher in Bangalore Rural, for Rs 1.5 lakh who, in turn, mailed it to many. Dutta said, \"We are concentrating on the persons involved in the racket. We will later move to Kolar and Chikkaballapur where the question paper leak racket was rampant.\"A senior CID officer said the modus operandi of Munawar and Sunil suggests the duo knew the leak drill well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511826", "title": "Choke on burning leaves: Panel takes note", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you are annoyed at the mess made by falling leaves along roads and in open areas, learn to deal with it. Even though burning of leaves is a punishable offence as it leads to air pollution, the environment department has expressed its helplessness at dealing with the issue immediately.The only occasion when someone can be prosecuted is if one is found burning leaves in a park.\"Saying that the leaves should be composted is easier said than done. Trees shed massively during March and April and it is very difficult to collect the leaves. \"MCD has vans to pick up solid waste but the quantity of leaves is so massive that solid waste and leaf collection cannot happen simultaneously. This means that if composting has to happen, it should take place on site, close to collection points so that transportation can be eliminated. However, where is the space for it,\" said a government official.Delhi Pollution Control Committee held a meeting with civic agencies last week on the issue and made it clear that anyone found burning leaves in a park would be prosecuted.A senior official said, \"While it can be understood that disposal of leaves on the roads and colonies is a problem, there is no excuse for someone burning leaves in a park. \"In fact, the parks and gardens society has been roped in to work with the public works department and resident welfare associations to ensure that leaves that drop in a park are collected and composted.\"Officials say the maximum complaints of leaf burning are coming from MCD areas.MCD officials say directions have been issued to the sanitation staff to carry all leaves to nearby parks and have them composted. \"Sweepers have been given strict instructions to carry leaves to parks for composting and not take them to landfills. If any case comes to light where rules have been violated, strict action will be taken against the erring employee. However, there are thousands of trees that are shedding right now and it is physically impossible to have all leaves lifted,\" said an MCD official.Till about a couple of years back, DPCC had been quite strict about leaf burning and used to send out teams to prosecute anyone caught violating the rule. However, this year officials have acknowledged that penalizing without providing the required infrastructure would be unfair and that they are working at evolving methods by which a maximum of the waste could be dealt with efficiently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12512476", "title": "City police crime branch in quick search mode", "text": "AHMEDABAD: At a click of a button, city police will soon be able to track down that chain snatcher or burglar who might be terrorizing your locality. The modus operandi bureau (MoB) of Ahmedabad crime branch is undergoing a modernization drive. Officials have decided to take crime records online to enable quick search. \"In the last 10 years, details of more than 50,000 history-sheeters have been collected. These have been uploaded through software specifically designed,\" said crime branch officials.Even if you type in keywords of the modus operandi, the software displays all details of criminals who have used this MO in the past for crimes. Deputy commissioner of police, crime branch, Himanshu Shukla said: \"The benefit of this system is that we can do away with the manual scrutiny system, thus enabling saving of time in cracking crimes. Earlier, the name was absolutely necessary for any manual search. Now, even the modus operandi, for instance, the make of a bike used in a robbery or the style of operation of the criminal will be enough to get names of suspects.\"This phase of modernization was enabled by the Ahmedabad city police commissioner who has sanctioned Rs 7 lakh for this upgradation. Once this runs successfully in the crime branch, the software will be uploaded in computer systems at all 41 police stations of Ahmedabad.\"The software will initially contain details of history-sheeters and then this list will be updated on a monthly basis. Each police station will be given charge of updating the list with details and MO of criminals arrested during this period. The new information, after scrutiny, will be made available for all other police stations of the city. This system, we hope, will help improve our crime detection rate and also speed in which each crime incident is handled,\" said a senior city police official. Complainants and witnesses too will be benefitted by this new system as they won't need to go to . Till date, the complainants and witnesses had to be brought to theGaekwad Haveli office of crime branch office to look at photos of accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12512839", "title": "Court awards jail term to company directors", "text": "KANPUR: Special metropolitan magistrate Sarvat Ali Khan, on Monday, held three directors of Susheela Aloys Pvt Ltd guilty in a matter of cheque bounce (Under Negotiable Instrument Act) and sentenced them for nine months of rigorous imprisonment and also imposed a fine of Rs 20 lakh each.The magistrate further ordered that if sentenced persons fail to pay fine, then they had to undergo two additional months of imprisonment. The three will have to pay a compensation of Rs 40 lakh to the complainant if they do not want to go for an appeal, the court added.Complainant Kusum Chauhan had given a bank guarantee of Rs 5 lakh in favour of Susheela Aloys. The directors gave a cheque of Rs 5 lakh to complainant which later bounced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12513507", "title": "Tax collection dips 5% despite city expansion", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai has grown by more than two-andhalf times since its boundaries were redrawn last September to include surrounding municipalities andtowns , but property tax collected by the corporation this year has dropped nearly 5% from the previous fiscal.Civic body officials admitted that technical problems during the corporation's shift to an e-governance system and a staff crunch led to the poor collection this year . The civic body had taken in 358 crore against a targeted 558 crore from 15 zones as on March 31 , the last day for payment of property tax for 2011-2012 . This is 18 crore less than the previous year's collection of 376 crore . The target last year was 479 crore.The corporation has been caught unprepared on several fronts since September 2011, when its council ratified a government order to bring 42 local bodies in neighbouring Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur districts under the Greater Chennai Corporation , expanding the city limitsfrom 174sq km to426sq km.While some officials said many people probably forgot to pay the tax or were unaware of the payment process , the situation at most of the tax collection centres showed up the explanation as misleading . An accountant with a private firm and a resident of Kodambakkam , R Gopalakrishnan , was waiting outside the cabin of a revenue official , desperately trying to explain his situation to official's personal assistant . \"Only my parents stay in this house. Here are documents showing tax payments till 2009. I am willing to pay the dues for two years with the tax for this year . The zonal office sent me here to get it updated ,\" he said . The revenue officer scribbled something on the documents and said , \"Go show this to the zonal office , they will update it now.\"Gopalakrishnan said the procedural hoops that one has to go through for what should be a simple settlement of dues are characteristic of the way the civic body functions.\"I hope that this trip to the zonal office will be the last . I have already taken three days of leave just to pay the tax , but I've only been running around with a cheque ,\" he said . Gopalakrishnan's story is similar to those of many taxpayers at the zonal revenue offices and Ripon Buildings . Officials said there were many technical problems while entering data to take the system online even though the process was outsourced . \"Our servers could not take the load , especially with the amount of data after thecity expanded ,\" a corporation official said .\"We have given powers to zonal officers to update the information online so people do not have to go to our offices unless it involves a disputed case ,\" he said . Civic body officials have this year allowed payments to be made at erstwhile municipality offices to make the process easier for people living in extended areas . The tax rates also remained unchanged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12512100", "title": "Need more time to adhere to fire safety rules, say hospitals in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Hospitals across the city that have been issued notices said they would need time to put in place the safety norms to abide by the act. \"The directive has come on the backdrop of the fire incident in a hospital at Kolkata. However, the rules cannot be implemented all of a sudden as the owners concerned of the hospitals will need some time for it. The notice by the fire brigade says if corrective measures are not taken by April 30, electricity and light connections would be cut after that. This will only crumble the health services in the city as even the civil hospital, super specialty hospital and the municipal corporation hospitals are not adhering to the norms,\" says Nilima Pawar, president of the Indian Medical Association, Nashik.Gynaecologist and past president of IMA Chandrakant Sanklecha said the hospitals, while they were constructed seven to ten years ago, may have adhered to all the norms but this sudden move has taken them by surprise. \"Now all of a sudden the Fire Department has issued notices to adhere by the guidelines, which the doctors were unaware about,\" says Sanklecha.Sanklecha also said the civic administration cannot cancel the registration of all the hospitals. Rather, it should first publish guidelines and give hospitals some time and see if they are adhering to them or not. \"Action can be taken after that,\" says Sanklecha.Heart specialist Aniruddha Dharmadhikar of Saibaba Heart Institute said though his hospital complies with most of the fire safety norms, things in which the hospital is lacking will be taken care of at the earliest. Nashik Civil Hospital surgeon B D Pawar also said that the hospital is working out things to comply with the fire safety norms. \"We have received notice from the fire department and we are working on putting in place all the requisites as per the fire act as early as possible,\" he says.Hospitals can implement rules in a month: Fire chiefNashik fire department head Anil Mahajan said they were just following the directive issued by the state health services department. \"To follow the corrective measures of the passive fire norms, the hospitals concerned would need not more than a month, whereas we have issue", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12513243", "title": "Fourth Rosa unit commissioned, plant achieves full capacity of 1,200 MW", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Anil Ambani promoted Reliance Power on Monday announced commissioning of the fourth unit of 300 MW capacity at Rosa thermal plant in Shahjahanpur district. The unit, which got commissioned on March 31, was running on a full load capacity, company officials said.\"With this, the power plant achieved its full capacity of 1,200 MW. The plant has four units of 300 MW capacity each. The project was scheduled to be completed in July this year,\" Reliance Power said in a statement on Monday.The final 300 MW unit of Rosa Project was synchronized and achieved full load on March 28. Immediately after the successful completion of 72 hours full load test, the COD (Date of Commercial Operation) of Unit-4 of Rosa Project was declared on March 31. Earlier, Unit-3 of the project was also brought online in December 2011, three months in advance, compared to scheduled implementation in March 2012.With the completion of entire 1,200 MW, Rosa Power Project has achieved the distinction of becoming the first new thermal power project to be set up in the state during the last 20 years. The company claimed that the project was also the first independent thermal power project in North India to be brought online and represents the largest-ever private sector investment in Uttar Pradesh, with an investment outlay of over Rs 6,000 crore.J P Chaslani, CEO, Reliance Power, said, \"Rosa occupies a special place in Reliance Power's portfolio as it is the first operating power plant in the company. The achievement of our teams in construction and commissioning of the Rosa Project is commendable and unmatched in the Indian Power Sector. This experience gives huge confidence for our ongoing and future projects.\"He said that the 1,200 MW Rosa power project will supply its full capacity to Uttar Pradesh. The project will contribute for over 15% of UP's total energy requirement and will light up about 30 lakh households of the power starved state. Completion of Rosa Project will help reduce UP's power deficit significantly. The project has also played a vital role in socio-economic development of the area by creating 5,000 direct and indirect jobs and instituting vocational and skill enhancement programmes to enhance the employability of locals.Chaslani said that the company has the largest portfolio of power projects in the private sector-based on coal, gas, hydro and renewable energy, with an operating portfolio of over 1,200 MW. The company also has the largest captive coal reserves in the private sector, estimated at more than two billion tonnes. Besides, the company has purchased three coal mines in Indonesia and also has plans to develop coal bed methane based generation capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12512529", "title": "Kochi catches up with a hair-raising trend", "text": "KOCHI: With wigs and hair transplants gaining acceptance in Kerala, an old Malayalam saying - baldness has no cure- may lose its meaning. Many hair transplant clinics claim that they have recorded a 25% rise in their client list over the past one year.Hair fixing (a broad term for hair transplant), hair bonding, pasting and making tailor-made wigs are becoming popular procedures claim clinics, which charge Rs 10,000 to Rs 20,000 for different procedures.\"People in Kerala are conscious of their beauty and hair is an important asset which everyone loves to flaunt and maintain. So it is not a surprise that celebrities and the common public avail our services,\" said marketing manager at Gulfgate Biju Menon. Around 50% of our customers are men aged between 30 to 40 years. \"This age group is keen on looking good and they feel a neat hairstyle adds to their personality. Also there are a lot of unmarried men in this age group,\" he said.There is also a season for hair-fixing in the city. \"November and December are big months because of the holiday season and this is the time when many non-resident Keralites return. They account for 50% of our yearly profits as these procedures are cheaper here,\" said a manager at a leading hair-fixing clinic.Baldness is affecting women too. As per data provided by these clinics, one out of every four people visiting them is a woman.The reasons for early baldness could be the usual hereditary reasons or medical conditions like alopecia (total loss of hair from body and head) or chemotherapy.Medical officer of DHI (direct hair implantation) clinic Dr Viral Desai said even youngsters have hair loss problems and the main trigger is stress. DHI - a London-based global medical group that has a franchisee in the city - is planning to open more clinics in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12513753", "title": "Parsi community in Nilgiris dwindling", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: When theManekshawsbuilt a house in Coonoor in 1973 ,the Parsicommunity of the hill district cheered . \"We were proud they chose to settle here ,\" said Homi Dheenjeebhoy ,trustee of Nilgiris Parsi Association.Though the Parsi population in the district has dwindled to 31 from more than 150 in the 1940 s, the community has lived here since the 1800 s. The first Parsi who movedtoOoty from MumbaiwasPestonjeeN asserwanjee Bottlewala , who ran a provision shop . After Bottlewala's arrival in the 1800 s, many Parsis from Mumbai and Gujarat settled in Ooty and other parts of the Nilgiris . \"We are traders . Our forefathers excelled in business ,\" said Dheenjeebhoy . Of the 31 Parsis , four live in Ooty , two in Kotagiri , and 25in Coonoor .\"Our population hasdwindled drastically in the Nilgiris in the last few decades ,\" said Homi Sethna , a trustee of the association . More than 150 Parsis lived in the Nilgiris during the 1940s.Senior members of the community have retired , and their children have chosen not to continue in the family business .\"Thereis nofuturefor youngstersin theNilgiris . So our children have migrated to cities or gone abroad ,\" said Dheenjeebhoy . He said the total number of Parsis in India was about 1,14,000 as per the 1901 census , and it has dropped to 60 ,000 now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12512974", "title": "Demand for imported cigarettes fuels smuggling", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Move over gold, gadgets, and gizmos. Fuelled by increased demand in north India, foreign cigarettes have become the latest lucrative contraband among smugglers.Customs officials at Karipur International Airport did not have to think twice before subjecting the oversized baggage of Kunjammu Abdul Aziz, a passenger from Dubai, to a detailed search when he landed at the airport last Wednesday.The search yielded 26,000 foreign cigarettes. The face of Abdul Aziz was still fresh in the minds of customs officials as it was just five months back he was booked for trying to sneak in 32,600 illegal cigarettes.\"Over 60 cases were registered last year in the Karipur Airport against people trying to sneak in commercial quantities of foreign cigarettes. Seven cases have been registered in the first three months this year,\" said Joannes George, assistant commissioner of customs at the airport.The favourite brand with the smugglers has been the Gudang Garam, the aromatic flavoured cigarettes made in Indonesia. The brand constitutes around 80% of the illegal cigarettes smuggled through the airport with foreign brands like 555 and Malboro making up the rest.The clove, mint, and cardamom flavoured sticks commands a premium in Mumbai and north Indian markets, especially in the cold season. Many smokers believe its spice flavour would keep them warm and serve as a defence against cold and fever!Industry sources says a carton of Gudang Garam could fetch Rs 1,300 in north India during peak winter season, while it would cost below Rs 500 when sourced from free ports like Dubai.The cigarettes are illegally imported as personal baggage, or via illegal door-to-door courier services mostly from Dubai and other UAE cities.Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) officials said that cigarette smuggling has become sophisticated with major organized rackets leading the operations.\"They employ paid carriers who make frequent return trips to UAE staying there for just 2-3 days. Many agents had even acquired frequent flier status with a leading airlines,\" a DRI official said.The officials fear that cigarette smuggling could eventually turn into organized crime rackets and force the carriers to smuggle high value goods and narcotics. \"There are cases in which the carriers have tried to smuggle saffron concealed in cigarette cartons,\" a DRI official said.Meanwhile, law enforcement authorities say the existing customs law does not allow the arrest of the offender as the value of smuggled goods is less than Rs 5 lakh. Customs can only fine them and confiscate the goods.Usually the offenders are booked for economic offence under section 111 of the Customs Act for illegal imports of goods in commercial quantity.They are also booked under the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products (Packaging and Labelling) Rules, 2006, for trying to distribute cigarette packs without mandatory health warning.Udayan Lall, director of New Delhi-based Tobacco Institute of India (TII) said high taxes on cigarettes in India have increased the demand for smuggled international brands, which are cheaper. \"The large and porous borders of India contribute to the easy availability of smuggled brands,\" he said.To stem the influx of contraband, Lall says, the government should ban sale of cigarettes in duty-free shops and exclude it from the list of duty-free baggage. Quoting the figures from Euromonitor International, an international research organization, Lall said illegal cigarettes in India account for 16% of the industry, having grown by 58% between 2004 and 2009 making India the 6th largest illicit cigarette market in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12512601", "title": "Sakala may spell end of pillar-to-post Raj", "text": "BANGALORE: The end of pillar-to-post runs in government offices may be round the corner as Sakala, the scheme that promises to deliver services within a stipulated time frame, was launched across the state on Monday.There's room for hope as beneficiaries of the pilot phase of Sakala, which was implemented in Jayanagar and three taluks elsewhere in the state during the last month, have realized.Successful restaurateur Sadanand Maiya is one such beneficiary. \"My advocate applied for the trade licence under Sakala. We could get the licence without hassle,\" Maiya told TOI.Jayanagar legislator BN Vijayakumar said along with Maiya, five other traders too had applied for trade licences on March 1, the day the Sakala pilot scheme was launched. Their licences were issued the same evening.\"The Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens System has brought discipline among government servants. An application with a Sakala tag means that the service has to be rendered within the stipulated period. Timely clearing of files implies that officials don't have to contend with backlog of files,\" Vijaykumar explained.Launching the scheme in the city, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda reeled out statistics to illustrate the success of the pilot project. He said of the 1,34,769 applications received for different services under Sakala, 1,15,320 cases were disposed of in time, pointing out that the success rate was 99.3%.\"Sakala ensures that 151 services of the government will be delivered to citizens within the specified time, failing which Rs 20 per day will be deducted from the salaries of the officials concerned. The scheme will enhance transparency and curtail corruption at least by 75%,\" the chief minister hoped.\"This is our dream come true. From now on, no official can give lame excuse and make the public run from pillar to post to deliver services. Our 99.3% success rate makes it look like we have gone one up on Dhoni,\" said law and urban development minister S Suresh Kumar .Hopes soarVenkatappa, a 60-year-old farmer from Nelamangala, was the first person to file his application under Sakala on Monday.The farmer applied for change of land use from agriculture to non-agriculture purpose for his sister's land. Venkatappa said he was hopeful of getting his land application approved within the stipulated 120 days.Commercial dept hits highAs per data with the Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens System, the commercial taxes department received the highest number of applications in the pilot scheme. Of the 1,09,163 applications received by the department, 98,351 were dispatched, with the pendency of files put at 1.5%.What is Sakala?Sakala means in time. It is a scheme implemented under the Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens System Act 2011, to provide guarantee of services to citizens within stipulated time as mentioned in the schedule. In case of any delay or default in delivering the service, the applicant can seek compensation at the rate of Rs 20 per day of delay subject to a maximum of Rs 500 from the officer concerned.The service also updates you on the progress of applicant's service request through an SMS to the mobile number specified in the application.Currently, 151 services like issuance of birth, death certificates, khata, land conversion certificate and ration card are covered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "12511972", "title": "Egypt's orthodox church walks out of constituent assembly", "text": "CAIRO: Egypt's Coptic Church has decided to boycott an Islamist-dominated panel charged with drafting the country's new constitution, media report said on Monday.The 20-member Holy Synod made a unanimous decision to withdraw the two church officials elected to the committee.The church \"considers it inappropriate to continue to be represented given the reservations of various political forces on how the constitutional commission was composed,\" state-run MENA news agency reported.The panel comprises 100 members selected by parliament, but it is mainly made up of Muslim Brotherhood members and radical Salafi who constitute the majority of lawmakers.Several parties and secular groups in recent days have withdrawn from the panel, saying their presence was used as collateral for Islamists to draft a constitution that reflects their political and religious ideologies.Al-Azhar, the key reference institution in Sunni Islam, also announced its withdrawal, distancing its ideology of moderate Islam from that of the Muslim Brotherhood and Salafis.Coptic Christians constitute 6 to 10 per cent of the country's population of about 82 million.Coptic Pope Shenouda III, an ardent defender of his community, died on March 17 at age 88 and has not yet been replaced.Earlier, the liberal Free Egyptians Party accused the Muslim Brotherhood of following in the footsteps of the ousted Mubarak regime by seeking to capture all \"decision- making spots\" in the country.Muslim Brotherhood's decision to nominate its deputy supreme guide, Khairat al-Shater, as a candidate in the May president poll has sparked outrage among liberal groups in the country.Muslim Brotherhood has nominated al-Shatir as its candidate for the first post-Mubarak presidential elections, reversing its earlier stance not to contest the poll to calm western governments' fears of a complete Islamist takeover.The Brotherhood, which dominates the country's parliament, said due to \"a serious threat to the revolution\" from candidates that represent former president Hosni Mubarak's regime, and a government that has failed to express the will of the people, they have decided that it was necessary to field a candidate.The election will be held on May 23 and 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12511733", "title": "Cancer-ridden kid realizes his cop dream", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Aniket Parmar, a 10-year-old suffering from cancer, has always wanted to be a police officer. Today, Aniket's dream came true with The Make A Wish Foundation taking him to the police headquarters on Tuesday.Aniket's wish will be granted at 10 am at the Shahibaug Police Headquarter in the presence of joint commissioner of police Samsher Singh who will be spending two hours with him at the police station to help him realize his dream.\"This wish fulfillment process gives immense happiness, joy and hope to the child. Hope for the future which has been taken away from him by the illness and its treatment,\" says Roopande Shah, the program coordinator.The Make A Wish Foundation of India has been dedicated to granting the wishes of children between the age group of three to 18 who are suffering from life threatening diseases and illnesses irrespective of their socio-economic status, class, caste or religion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12512683", "title": "Angamaly bypass to be built on PPP basis", "text": "KOCHI: The public works department (PWD) has decided to construct the Angamaly bypass on a public private partnership (PPP) basis.The decision was taken at a meeting convened by works minister V K Ebrahim Kunju at the Aluva guest house on Sunday.Roads and Bridges Development Corporation managing director Muhammed Haneesh was entrusted with the task of preparing an alignment and supervising the procedures associated with the construction. Regarding the construction of the Kodungallur bypass, the meeting considered the suggestions put forward by Kodungallur municipality. According to the PWD, these suggestions would be incorporated in the construction work.On the issues associated with the development of Kalamassery constituency, the representatives of civil society and the Rajiv Gandhi Cultural Forum held discussions with the minister and his team. The discussions were related to the construction of the Kalamassery underpass, bus stand and railway stop. Ebrahim Kunju also held discussions with municipal councillors regarding water-logging at Moolepadam. The problem will be resolved by the end of May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12512293", "title": "Abduction, gunfight on Bangla border", "text": "MALDA: After a long lull, the India-Bangladesh border erupted in a gunbattle between the Border Security Force (BSF) and Border Guard of Bangladesh (BGB) on Sunday when some men from across the border passed filthy comments at some Indian women bathing in the Pagla river.There was tension all night as some Bangladeshis 'abducted' two Indian men and the BSF detained an alleged Bangladeshi miscreant. A flag meeting was held on Monday to defuse the tension and exchange the detainees. There are reports that 12-14 rounds were fired by both sides on Sunday, but the official version is of two rounds of \"blank fire\".The alleged gunfight occurred at Milik Sultanpur in Baishnabnagar, where a long stretch of the border is unfenced and Pagla river serves as the boundary. The Bangladeshi settlement on the other side is Chakpara, Chapai Nawabgaunj.Some Indian women were taking bath in the Pagla on Sunday afternoon when some Bangladeshis, who were also in the river, made obscene comments. The menfolk were furious and accosted the Bangladeshis, leading to a scuffle. It is alleged that two Indians, Tariqul Sheikh and Salam Sheikh, were abducted across the border.BSF jawans, who could see the scuffle from their post, reportedly fired warning shots at the Bangladeshi miscreants. The BGB allegedly retaliated with a volley of gunfire. Villagers say that the crossfire continued for some time but thankfully there was no casualty.The 'abduction' of the Indians triggered tension in Baishnabnagar. Pressure was mounting on BSF 134 Battalion to rescue the 'hostages'. The BSF made contact with the commandant of BGB 39 Battalion and it was decided to hold a flag meeting on Monday. The meeting was held at Chakpara after which Tariqul and Salam were handed over to BSF. A Bangladeshi, too, was handed over to BGB.A BSF deputy commandant conceded that there was a tension on Sunday following the \"abduction of two Indians\" and that \"there were two rounds of blank fire\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12512918", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation may give more time to clear pending water dues", "text": "PUNE: For recovery of water charges from citizens in Pimpri-Chinchwad, the municipal corporation is considering a proposal to allow more time for payment of bills. While the deadline for payment of water bills was March 31, the civic administration hopes that the corporation would be able to recover water charges running into a few crores of rupees by allowing an extension.Municipal commissioner Ashish Sharma told TOI on Monday said that no decision has yet been taken on whether the deadline should be extended or whether a fine should be charged. However, senior civic officials said the administration is likely to give an extension. This, they said, would enable the civic body to collect a revenue of up to Rs 8 crore in the coming days.In Pimpri-Chinchwad, there are a total of 1.27 lakh water meters. The total water tax dues that were to be recovered as on March 29 were to the tune of Rs 13.56 crore. During the financial year 2011-12, the PCMC collected water tax dues amounting to Rs 21.94 crore as against the target of Rs 35.51 crore.Incidentally, many citizens have complained about excessive bill amounts and have requested the civic administration to rectify the bills. Last week, at a joint meeting of civic officials and corporators, municipal commissioner Ashish Sharma said the civic administration will speed up the process for disposing the applications received from citizens about excessive billing.Suresh Beri, president, Jagruk Nagarik Sanghatna, said, \"Water consumers are facing the problem of excessive water bills since installation of water meters began four years ago. Last year, we had demanded that certain slabs for water charges be merged. Citizens should be charged Rs 2.5 per 1,000 litre for daily consumption of up to 2,000 litre to reduce the complaints of citizens. But nothing has happened.\"Meanwhile, at the meeting held last week, corporator Javed Shaikh pointed out that the civic administration has stopped the work of making changes in the water bills at zonal offices. As a result, citizens have to go to the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation's (PCMC) main office in Pimpri. Also, several citizens, he said, have not received water bills.Bharati Pharande, independent corporator, suggested that photographs of water meters showing the readings should be put on the water bills like that of electricity bills given by the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited.Corporator Kailas Thopte demanded that the civic administration restart the work of rectifying the water bills at zonal offices.Corporator Shamim Pathan pointed out that there is only one centre at Thergaon where water meters are checked to see whether they are faulty or not. She demanded that there should be one such centre in each of the four zones. Several other corporators charged that citizens did not receive the water bills on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12512619", "title": "CAG raps Haryana for construction in Surajkund area", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana Tourism Corporation has invited ire of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) for construction in prohibited area in Surajkund Masonry Tank, which was declared a protected monument of the national importance in 1921, in Faridabad district.According to a CAG report, the Haryana tourism department kept building rooms at Surajkund Complex despite a show-cause notice issued by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) but stopped the work only after status quo order by the Punjab and Haryana high court in December, 2010.The corporation is operating a tourist complex at Surajkund situated near the Surajkund Masonry Tank. The corporation in August, 2009, allotted the work of construction of additional rooms at complex within the prohibited area around Surajkund.After five months of it, the ASI issued a show-cause notice to the corporation to stop illegal and unauthorized work but in vain. Ultimately, the ASI filed a petition in the high court in December, 2010, which ordered status quo at the site. The corporation stopped the construction work after incurring an unfruitful expenditure of Rs 94.85 lakh, claimed the report.On its part, corporation officials claimed that they continued the work expecting approval from the ASI. \"Due to temporary status quo granted by the high court, expenditure incurred cannot be termed as unfruitful,\" they stressed.The state government said that the tourism department implements various schemes for beautification of area in the vicinity of the monument. Accordingly, the project of providing additional accommodation in the existing complex at Surajkund was taken up.\"The reply is not based on fact, as the area where the construction activity had been undertaken was declared prohibited area. Further, the corporation should have stopped the construction work when it received the show-cause notice from ASI, as it had spent only Rs 6.30 lakh by that time,\" concluded the CAG report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12513110", "title": "Students' continue stir to raise age limit in UPPSC", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The ongoing protest by students continued on the ninth day at the front gate of office of Uttar Pradesh Public Service Commission on Monday. They were demanding to increase the maximum age limit from 35 to 40 years in the competitive examination of PCS, PCS(J) and APO. The stir is being organised by students affiliated to Samajik Ekta Parishad and Yuva Adhivakta Manch.The protesting students have decided that a delegation of the students would meet SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav in Lucknow on Tuesday to apprise the difficulties being faced by the competitive students. They would demand for increasing the age limit of the appearing candidates in the competitive examination of PCS, PCS(J) and APO exam. The activists of Samajik Ekta Parishad has also congratulated Jai Prakash Shukla and Santosh Tiwari who have been successful in PCS examination of 2009 whose result has been declared recently.The main contention of the students is that Uttar Pradesh Public Service Commission has unable to organize various examinations timely and is being delayed by several years. As a result, the age of the students increases and they are unable to give the examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12510283", "title": "US announces $10 million bounty on Lashkar chief's head", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's tormentor-in-chief Hafiz Saeed, the head of Pakistan's deadliest terror group Lashkar-e-Taiba , now carries a $10 million bounty on his head. The US has announced this reward for the capture or information leading to the capture of Saeed, making him one of the most wanted terrorists in the world.In her maiden visit to India, US undersecretary of state Wendy Sherman told Indian officials and a select audience at the Aspen Institute that apart from Saeed, his brother-in-law and co-founder of Lashkar Abdul Rehman Makki now carries a bounty of $3 million on his head.LeT , and principally Saeed, are accused of planning and executing the 26/11 terror attacks in Mumbai with the help of Pakistan's spy agency, ISI. Under Saeed's watch, Lashkar has grown to become a terror group that rivals al-Qaida in its reach and lethality. Although primarily focused against India, LeT, which has links with the ISI (some claim it has been nurtured by it) has reached European and Australian shores.The US has $25 million on the head of Ayman al Zawahiri , the head of Qaida after the killing of Osama bin Laden , making him the most wanted terrorist in the world. Saeed is in the second rung - he joins the ranks of Mullah Omar and the Qaida chiefs of Iran and Iraq , all of whom carry a reward of $10 million.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511603", "title": "RTO wants e-meters in all autos by year-end", "text": "MUMBAI: The Wadala and Andheri RTOs have chalked out a plan to get all the 1 lakh autos instal electronic meters before the end of the year.\"A significant number of autos are due for fitness tests only in 2013 and they can switch to e-meters next year. But we will expedite the process to ensure that all autos have e-meters installed by this year, 95% of them by November-end,\" said assistant RTO Tanaji Chavan. The two RTOs will restart a drive against tampered meters next week. The officials plan to cancel the fitness certificates of autos with rigged old meters. \"They will have to go for e-meters,\" Chavan said.A source said 20,000- 25,000 drivers could be caught for rigging meters by year-end. The rest, about 75,000 to 80,000 drivers, would have to renew their vehicles' fitness certificates, and it has now become mandatory to instal e-meters during the tests, the source added. \"Soon, you will find more e-metered autos. Passengers will prefer them over the mechanical ones. That will compel at least 10,000 existing autos to get e-meters by year-end,\" an official said.Commenting on the auto union's opposition to e-meters, assistant RTO (Andheri) D V Modak said, \"The unions claim that e-meters can be tampered. This is not true as the new gadgets have no in-built defects.\"But auto unions still plan to move Supreme Court to seek a stay on e-meters. A source in the unions also said there was a shortage in the supply of e-meters, and there was no facility of repair and maintenance of the new devices. But assistant RTO (Andheri) D V Modak denied both the claims, saying there was \"enough stock\" in the market and the transport department was setting up a good infrastructure to support the after-sales service of e-meters.According to officials, the new meters are not even too expensive to afford; it costs around Rs 3,000, while the mechanical one is priced at Rs 2,000. Most manufacturers also offer a one-year warranty. Jajendra Dey, a dealer in e-meters, said, \"Drivers have to take adequate precaution to ensure that e-meters are not damaged. This is one reasons why drivers are against it.\" He said the meters can be damaged, if exposed to too much dust, rain and jerks on potholed roads can damaged . So, most manufacturers are selling them with a thick plastic jacket.Drivers also feared thefts of the electronic gadgets, and this could burn a hole in their pockets. \"The meter has two wires (one connected to engine and another to battery). If anybody (especially children) accidentally pulls a wire, it will cost the driver Rs 600 to replace it. Also one of the RTO seals is in the gearbox, which makes it difficult for mechanics to carry our repair work,'' Dey stated. A driver, Mohammed Yunus claimed that the new e-meters were more of a burden to drivers although it was popular with passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511528", "title": "Mumbai University: BSc paper postponed by a day, students in the dark", "text": "MUMBAI: This exam season has been marked by one major gaffe after the other, including a paper leak. And students' trauma continues. So far the only BCom students were at the receiving end, on Monday, BSc and BA students were affected too.The TYBSc Physics paper-I was not held on Monday and candidates who reached the centre were asked to return on Tuesday. But the time-table on the university website continues to show the paper in question as scheduled for April 2. \"I went to my exam centre (Bhavan's College, Andheri) for the Physics paper-I, but I was told the university had postponed the exam by a day. Many of us returned home,\" said a student.S M Suryawanshi, in-charge controller of examinations, said, \"Since some of the optional papers for science students were overlapping, we changed the time-table for the paper in the first week of January. On January 16, we released a circular to the colleges and uploaded it on the site. It was the colleges' responsibility to inform students about the change.\" Clearly, students were clueless about this change. Suryawanshi too had no answer when asked why the change did not reflect in the main time-table on the website.Monday saw another slip-up on the part of the university when students of the old course for TYBSc (physical chemistry) were permitted to register for the same, but were asked to take the paper as per the revised syllabus. These students had filled their exam forms from BN Bandodkar College, Thane, stating they would like to the take the exam based on the old course. Their forms were accepted by the college and the university too. But the syllabus was revised in March 2010 and science dean Madhuri Pejavar said students are allowed only three attempts after the syllabus change. \"I do not know how the university accepted their exam forms for the old syllabus, as it ceases to exist. The students should not have got their hall tickets or should have been informed that they need to take the revised syllabus exam,\" said an official.Arts students weren't spared either. The revised (80 marks) and old (100 marks) papers of TYBA (psychology) had identical questions, barring an additional one for students of the old course. P G Jogdand, dean of Arts, said he was unaware how this had happened.TYBCom re-exam for all students?While the Marketing and Human Resource Management paper for the revised course and new pattern had leaked before the exam on March 28, the university has decided to hold a re-exam for all 85,440 students, including freshers, old course (Management and Production Planning) and those who were taking the exam under the revised course-old pattern. On its website, the university put out the new circular stating that all students would have to take the exam again. The exam centre and the time remain the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511397", "title": "Smokescreen over Defence Col deaths", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three days after twin deaths rocked Defence Colony, police suspect some chemical may have been used to start the fire in which Yashkar Sinha, a defence ministry official died. A quilt was wrapped around Yashkar which apparently increased the impact of the fire. However, police are puzzled by the fact that no matchbox or lighter was recovered from the gallery where Yashkar was found dead.Also, Yashkar's hair did not burn and his body had soot marks in patches, which too cops find difficult to explain. To verify the chemical part, police has taken the help of chemical laboratory experts of FSL. The couple was found dead in their flat in Hudco Place, south Delhi, around 1.30 on Friday afternoon. While Archana's post mortem report suggests she may have died on Thursday night or early Friday morning, it confirms the cause of death as strangulation.Cops say they would get a clearer picture about the sequence of events from Yashkar's post mortem report. \"There could be any possibility. Maybe they had a sudden fight and Yashkar killed her and then burnt himself. But we are not ruling out other angles till we get Yashkar's report,\" said a senior officer.Cops are also puzzled by the fact that Yashkar did not move when he was on fire. The \"mysterious note\" found in the house, ostensibly written by Yashkar, is another unsolved riddle in the case. Police have so far questioned about 40 people in the past three days including neighbours, relatives, domestic helps and three senior defence ministry officers. One of the officers questioned had been named in the note as someone who was pressuring Yashkar not to reveal certain facts in RTI replies.\"The MoD officers have told cops that Yashkar was good at his work and was not being pressured on any matter,\" a source said.A senior police officer said, \"So far, investigations have revealed that the Yashkar and Archana were very close to each other, which is also why we are looking at other angles.\" Meanwhile, Yashkar's family took the couple's bodies for cremation to Garh Mukteshwar in Uttar Pradesh.The case had taken a mysterious turn with the recovery of a note from the house, as first reported by TOI. In the note, Yashkar reportedly said he was ending his life because two of his senior were putting a lot of pressure on him. Yashkar, a deputy director in defence ministry and Archana, an accomplished Bharatanatyam dancer, were found dead with their flat locked from inside, which virtually ruled out the entry of another person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12512976", "title": "'Give me a job, I'll quit this filthy work'", "text": "LUCKNOW: On the very first day of her job, 15-year-old Asha developed a strong disliking for it, and asked god 'never to put her in her mother's shoes'. Her life took a worse turn, after marriage, as she was forced to continue with the scavenging job.\"It was the question of my children. My husband had no job and I couldn't do anything else,\" said Asha. Now, after completing her household work, she wraps her face with layers of cotton dupatta and moves out to clean the toilets of some six homes in Jhabjhani Mohalla of Khadra locality in the Old City.She hates the appalling conditions she works in. \"Give me a job and I will leave the filthy work now,\" says Asha. But she cannot think of any other work. \"Nobody gives us a job. People don't allow us to clean utensils, mop up the floor or wash clothes,\" she said. The 'filthy' work fetches her Rs 500 every month. \"It helps me to buy vegetables, milk and fruits for my children occasionally,\" said the mother. On festivals or auspicious occasions in the employer's family, she gets old clothes and tip along with sweets or namkeen.\"Asha is just one of 5,530 human scavengers in UP. And all of them are a victim of circumstances,\" said Mazhar Ali, a member of an NGO working to alleviate human scavenging. He added that it is essential to save these people usually women from the constant risk of health and infections that comes as a package deal. \"Dry toilets are fast slipping in the quicksand of time. A day is not far when manual scavenging will die a natural death. But a little push from the authorities will help in giving the scavengers a better life sooner,\" said Ali.Still, over the years, their numbers have come down, only because some families have shown the courage to stand up against it. Kali Devi , for instance, quit scavenging about four years ago after her sons got a job and forced her to sit at home. And the coming generation is against it. Teenaged Komal convinced her mother to quit this menial job. And she is adamant that she would never take that work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12511563", "title": "NCP leader waves gun at tehsildar", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: All tehsil offices in Raigad district remained shut on Monday in protest against \"sand mafia\", after a tehsildar was threatened at gunpoint by a local NCP leader.A police complaint has been lodged against Nitin Parab, NCP president of Roha. In his complaint, tehsildar Ganesh Sangle said, on Saturday night, when he visited a spot where sand is allegedly dredged, Parab alighted from his vehicle and pointed a gun at him. On Monday, 80 tehsildars and talathis staged a protest in Alibaug and met deputy collector, demanding that Parab be held and they be given more security. Later, they also met additional superintendent of police Ashwini Sanap.Meanwhile, NCP has expelled the accused from their party due to this incident.Activist Sumaira Abdulali who has been fighting against illegal sand mining in Raigad said: \"It is shocking to note that a government officer of the rank of tehsildar can be blatantly threatened with a gun.\"I too have earlier faced the wrath of such elements who do not like any interference in the sand mining business.''The Roha incident was also raised in the state legislative assembly.as well. While it was not discussed at length on a busy business day, the issue was raised by Peasants and Workers Party legislator from Raigad Meenakshi Patil.Two years ago, in March 2010,a team of TOI reporter and photographer who had accompanied Abdulali to a sand mining site at Mahad were brutally attacked by those working for the sand mafia.All tehsil offices are likely to stay shut even on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12515003", "title": "Apple stock to hit $1001 in a year: Analyst", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Apple Inc, already the world's most valuable company, will see its stock price reach $1,001 within 12 months, lifted by growth in China and the debut of a new television product, according to Topeka Capital Markets.The new target, issued yesterday by Topeka's Brian White , is the highest among the 45 analysts tracked by Bloomberg and represents a 62 per cent increase over the current price. The gains will be fueled by demand for the next iPhone, in addition to the expansion into China and the TV market, he said.\"Apple fever is spreading like a wildfire around the world,\" White said in a report, which initiated coverage of the company with a buy recommendation.Apple will get to $1,001 by introducing a TV within a year, as well as an upgraded iPhone that works with speedier wireless networks, he said. China Mobile Ltd , the Asian country's largest wireless network, will start carrying the iPhone within a year, White said, adding millions of new potential customers.Apple's stock also is getting a boost because of a relatively seamless transition since the death of co-founder Steve Jobs , he said. The stock has risen more than 60 per cent since he died in October. Tim Cook had assumed the role of chief executive officer from Jobs the previous August.\"Steve Jobs's health was such a fear that was hanging over the stock,\" White said in an interview. \"Now you've seen that Tim Cook is doing a good job.\"Steve Dowling, a spokesman for Cupertino , California-based Apple, declined to comment on the report.A trillion?Apple's management should aim to become the first company to generate $1 trillion in revenue, a goal that's achievable in the next decade, he said. Apple had sales of $108.2 billion in its last fiscal year, which ended in September.A risk for Apple is the uncertainty over who will make critical decisions about future products, White said. Cook's experience is with Apple's supply chain and operations, and less with product development, the area where Jobs excelled.The stock has already risen 53 per cent this year, spurred by soaring iPhone revenue and the debut of a higher-resolution iPad last month. The shares climbed 3.2 per cent to $618.63 yesterday. Apple's market value is now $576.8 billion, far above the previous leader, Exxon Mobil Corp. That company is valued at $410.4 billion.Apple investors also are benefiting from a $2.65-a-share dividend, starting in July, and a $10 billion stock buyback plan. The company announced both initiatives last month.Top of the heapWhite previously covered Apple for Ticonderoga Securities LLC, where his last price target was $666. The next closest prediction to his new $1,001 target is the $800 target of Morgan Keegan's Tavis McCourt.White said Apple can hit his target because its iPhone and Mac computers still have relatively low market share, giving them room to grow. He also foresees Apple introducing iPads with a smaller screen size, letting them compete more directly with tablet computers from Amazon.com Inc and other rivals.The much-anticipated television set, which Apple may introduce within a year, would create a new $100 billion market opportunity for the company, White said. China, meanwhile, offers some of the best growth prospects.Mobile phone subscribers in the country with access to 3G wireless networks could reach 230 million by the end of this year, adding millions of new potential iPhone buyers, White said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511836", "title": "MCD plans to check mosquito menace with anti-larval sprays", "text": "NEW DELHI: Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) is gearing up to deal with the menace of Culex mosquitoes. The health department of the MCD has recalled all its 3200 domestic breeding checkers, who were deployed with building and property tax departments, to check the breeding of mosquitoes in the capital. The civic agency is also preparing an action plan to deal with the menace, which will be submitted to National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme (NVBDCP).\"The weather is conducive for mosquito breeding. We have directed all the departments to take action. Zonal offices have been asked to carry out routine checks and spray anti-larval insecticides at breeding sites. But in large drains we are using super-sprayers to spray insecticides,'' said Dr NK Yadav, MHO, MCD.MCD officials said all the 3200 domestic breeding checkers have reported back to the health department on Monday. An MCD official said, \"This is a routine procedure. We start surveillance of mosquitoes from April. In the first three months we focus on Culex and after the monsoon we check for the breeding of Aedes agypti mosquito, which is responsible for dengue. Between November and April, the domestic breeding checkers work with the building and house tax departments. We have asked all the zonal offices to start checking for larvae. This mosquito breeds in dirty water, especially in drains.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12513561", "title": "5 of 6 Nagpur ZP posts held by women", "text": "NAGPUR: State government may have given justice to the fairer sex by increasing the women's reservation in local bodies from 33% to 50%. The ruling coalition has gone a step further by providing them 83% share in government. On the other hand, all the three major posts in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) are held by men and there is little chance that women will get any of the remaining 11 important posts.There are six major posts in a zilla parishad: President, vice president, presidents of social welfare and woman and child welfare committee and the in-charges of two subject committees that cover education and finance, animal husbandry and agriculture. Five out of these six posts are held by women in the new body ruled by the BJP-NCPSena combine. Vice-president Chandrashekhar Chikhle is the only man. The elections for the four committees were held on Monday and the BJPNCP-Sena combined easily sailed through. Sena MLA from Ramtek, Ashish Jaiswal claimed that had the vice president's post been given to his party, he would have appointed a woman.Women hold five of the six major posts in the new Zilla Parishad. Shiv Sena MLA from Ramtek, Ashish Jaiswal said, \"Sena's woman members are more capable than males. I am living in mahila raj as most major posts in local bodies of my constituencies are held by women.\"It is not that districts' leaders have suddenly turned feminists. There are various reasons why these women had to be chosen. The post of ZP president was reserved for OBC (women) for which Sandhya Gotmare was elected. Sena, BJP and NCP had promised a post to Gondwana Gantantra Party (GGP) if it joined the combine. GGP's only victorious member is a woman - Durgawati Sariam.Shiv Sena's Nanda Lohbare got the seat because of her seniority. Varsha Dhopte, from Shiv Sena, got the nod as party wanted to reward her husband Naresh for having served it loyally. NCP member Vandana Pal was a member in last body and hence was preferred over some males. Vice-president C Chikhale, the only man in the six-member team, said, \"I respect them a lot and do not foresee coordination problems,\" the NCP member asked. The portfolio of the two subject committee in-charges is yet to be decided. Sariam and Dhopte told the media that they will do their best to fulfill the responsibility given to them and try to end the malpractices.District BJP president Chandrashekhar Bawankule does not seem to be keen on taking action on two rebel members who had voted for the Congress candidates in president and vice-president election held on March 21. Congress had managed to persuade two BJP members - Nisha Sawarkar and Bharti Godbole - to switch sides. However, the plan failed when NCP joined hands with BJP and Sena. On Monday, the two rebels voted for BJP-Sena candidates realizing that their moved had backfired. Bawankule said that a report would be sent to BJP state president Sudhir Mungantiwar, who will then take a decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12512502", "title": "Somali pirates may be swapped for Indian hostages", "text": "KOCHI: The Centre may consider a proposal to release some Somali pirates detained by India for getting the release of seven Indians being held captive by them since September 28, 2010.\"There appears to be no other solution to the hostage crisis, and Centre is actively considering this,\" chief minister Oommen Chandy said here after talks with external affairs minister S M Krishna on Monday.The ship, MV Asphalt Venture, which was hijacked by pirates from Kenyan waters, was later released after the owners paid ransom. Eight crewmen were also released then. But the pirates held seven officers, including two Keralites, on board. However, it is not clear where the Indian hostages are being kept.The chief minister had been taking up the issue with the Centre even when he was the leader of the Opposition. He had supported Mercy George, wife of one of the hostages, George Joseph from Koothattukulam, in taking up the case with various authorities. Mercy and her daughter had pleaded with Krishna also to intervene in the case.The external affairs minister said the Centre had been taking various steps to contain the scourge of piracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12516319", "title": "Doctors learn virus is sly operator", "text": "Doctors and scientists suspect that the H1N1 virus h a s learned to survive the Chennai summer, possibly because of mutations.Health minister V S Vijay held a review meeting at the secretariat on Monday to discuss the state's preparedness for the viral infection.Senior doctors and health department officials who met at the secretariat said the government will soon roll out guidelines that will ask doctors to rule out the viral infection when patients come with symptoms that last for more than three days. It will also warn doctors about the virus's enhanced ability to survive in high temperatures. In 2009, when the virus hit India, scientists said it was active in winter and wouldn't survive extreme summer, but now the infection is spreading even when the mercury has touched 35 degrees Celsius.Directorate of Public Health officials said five of the 13 H1N1 cases reported in the state were from Chennai. Seven were from Coimbatore and one from Tirupur. In the last four years, H1N1 has claimed 39 lives in Tamil Nadu including one from Tirupur on Saturday. Officials say that the number of people getting infected has declined in the past few years. \"In almost all cases, deaths occurred due to delay in diagnosis,\" said director of public health Dr R T Porkai Pandian said.Health department officials will write to the Indian Medical Association and all government hospital heads asking them to include tests for H1N1 in case of prolonged fever, cough and running nose along with nausea, vomiting or diarrhoea. The health department will soon provide vaccines for doctors, nurses and paramedical staff. The government is yet to advise people to go in for mass vaccination. Doctors at private hospitals have been recommending the vaccine, particularly for children.In 2009 and 2010, more than half of the infected patients were children. \"Schools can be one of the common sources of infection. We advise parents not to send children to school if they have fever along with other symptoms of H1N1,\" said pediatrician Dr S Balasubramanian of Kanchi Kamakoti Childs Trust Hospital, who has recommended flu shots for his patients.Former director of public health Dr S Elango, who attended a meeting of experts from National Institute of Virology, Pune in Delhi on Monday quoted participants as saying a genetic change might have increased the virus's ability to survive. \"We have been told that samples will be sent to CDC, Atlanta for a more detailed virology study,\" Dr Elango said. NIV has begun sequencing the latest strain of the virus.H1N1 IS BACKChennai has recorded five H1N1 cases in the last three days. Tamil Nade has recorded 13 cases of the flu since January, including seven from Coimbatore and one from Tirupur. One of the patients, a 75-year-old farmer died in Tirupur on SaturdayWHY NOW?Some feel the virus might have mutated to survive the summer heat. Some people with no travel history also developed the fluPREPARATIONGovt doctors, nurses and paramedical staff, who could be at risk to be vaccinated. No advisories for the public yet. Tests for the flu to be done by King Institute, five medical college hospitals and 13 empanelled labs across the stateGUARD YOURSELFThere are two types of vaccines-- injectable and nasal. The vaccine shot, usually given in the arm, contains a dose of inactiviated H1N1 virus, which helps you develop resistance to the virus. The nasal spray on the other hand prompts immune response in the nose and upper airways, and spreads throughout the body. Those using immunosuppressant drugs for HIV, cancer and hepatitis can't be vaccinatedADVISORYAvoid contact with those who have symptoms. Don't self medicate. Wear protective mask if you have symptoms. Those diagnosed should follow quarantine rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12512333", "title": "Wedding called off, fiance abducts girl", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A girl from Dankaur in Greater Noida was allegedly abducted by her former fiance after their wedding was called off. According to the police, the victim's family in its complaint said that their daughter's marriage was fixed with one Gaurav, a native of Khurja in western UP.Later, they came to know through relatives that Gaurav was a habitual drinker so they called off the wedding.\"On Sunday evening, the victim had gone to the market from where she was abducted. The victim's family filed a complaint against Gaurav with Dankaur police station. A case of missing person has been registered and investigation is on,\" said a police official.Police sources, however, said that even after the wedding was called off, the girl was in constant touch with Gaurav over the phone. \"We are also scanning the call details of the victim,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12513667", "title": "Camp date advanced", "text": "LUDHIANA: The monthly training camp of PAU Kisan Club will be held on April 4 (Wednesday) instead of on earlier notified date of April 5 (Thursday), which is a holiday.Providing details, coordinator of the programme, T S Riar said, during this meet to be held in Dr Borlaug Wheat Auditorium, the subject-matter-specialists will provide tips to the participating farmers and farm women members about summer vegetables, pulses, bulb crops and their post-harvest management. He said the major focus will be on practical aspects and a special lecture on emu farming will be held. The women farmers will be provided know-how on nutritional security by including pulse sprouts and fermentation of food items, on which training will be imparted, said Rupinder Kaur, incharge ladies wing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12512113", "title": "Odisha govt, Naxals agree to bend a little", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Maoists placed 13 demands for releasing Italian Bosusco Paolo, abducted on March 14.Weeks into the crisis, the rebels pared their demands down to three. The other demands on which the rebels are insistent are: (1) ban on tourists visiting tribal areas and arrest of violators; (2) withdrawal of security camps from interior areas; (3) lifting ban on CPI (Maoist).The state has agreed to meet the three main demands half way. Sources said the government could free some people in jail, but their names have not been revealed. It has also said a panel will review and quickly clear cases against tribals. On action against errant officials, the government has said it was bound to implement court orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12512790", "title": "SSLC exam: Smooth sailing on day one in Dakshina Kannada, Udupi", "text": "MANGALORE: A total of 31,352 students appeared for SSLC examination held in 95 centres across Dakshina Kannada district on the first day on Monday.Of the 31,987 candidates registered for the exam in the district, 635 remained absent on Day One. The exam was conducted for first languages - Kannada, English, Sanskrit, Hindi and Urdu. Out of 26,962 students, who registered for Kannada, 26,340 appeared. While 3,663 students had registered for English, 3,654 appeared. For Sanskrit paper, 1,139 of the 1,145 registered took the exam. Of the 131 students, who registered for Hindi, 130 appeared and of the 86 students registered for Urdu, 83 wrote the exam.SSLC nodal officer for the district Sadananda Poonja told TOI that no incidents of malpractice had been reported in the district.In Udupi, the total number of students registered is 16,371. As many as 16,073 students appeared for exam on Monday. Of the 14,648 students registered for Kannada, 290 remained absent. For Sanskrit paper, seven students of the 946 remained absent. For Hindi, all the 215 registered students appeared for the exam. Similarly, all the 71 students registered for Urdu appeared for the exam. For English paper, only one out of 491 students was absent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12512010", "title": "Trial court nod to prosecute RIL, 3 officials", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has allowed criminal prosecution of the then Reliance Industries Ltd and its three senior officials - out of which one is also a prosecution witness in the ongoing 2G spectrumcase - for illegally possessing secret documents pertaining to cabinet meetings on economic matters.The order on framing of charges was passed fourteen years after the FIR was lodged in 1998, when the RIL Group was not divided between brothers Mukesh Ambani and Anil Ambani.Additional sessions judge Narinder Kumar said a prima facie case under the Official Secrets Act was made out against RIL, its then group president V Balasubramanian, general manager (corporate affairs) Shankar Adawal and vice president A N Sethuraman, who had deposed as a prosecution witness in the 2G spectrum case in which Reliance telecom is an accused.\"Prima facie case for an offence under Section 5(2) punishable under Section 5(4) (wrongful communication) read with Section 15 of Official Secrets Act is made out against Company accused No.4 (Reliance Industries Limited),\" the judge said.\"Prima facie there is material on record to infer agreement and criminal conspiracy between Balasubramanian, Sethuraman and Adawal from the manner in which the information has been received and communicated.\"\"Since prima facie case is made out against them, they have to face trial for an offence punishable under Section 120 B IPC (criminal conspiracy) read with Section 5(2) punishable under Section 5(4) of Official Secrets Act,\" he ordered. The case relates to recovery of four secret documents allegedly pertaining to government policies on subjects of interest to Reliance Industries Ltd from the company's office.However, the court did not find evidence against Ambani brothers, who were also not named as accused in the case. The judge said there was no material to suggest that the documents received by the accused officials reached them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12512431", "title": "Harrowing Monday for Kolkata commuters", "text": "KOLKATA: It was Manic Monday for the city's transport system as unruly autorickshaw drivers held the entire east Kolkata and parts of south Kolkata to ransom and hundreds of taxis went off the roads because they failed to meet the court deadline to switch to printer-meters.The traffic turmoil hit on a day of three higher secondary papers. To make matters worse, poli-ce chose to wait and wat-ch as auto-wallahs took over the busy Ultadanga crossing for over an hour.Auto operators, protesting the Rs 6.49-rise in LPG prices, started impromptu blockades at different points of the city and withdrew service on the Lake Town routes to Ultadanga, Belgachia and Nagerbazar. Thousands of commuters suffered during office hours. By evening, nine Metro-feeder routes, including those in Garia and Gol Park, were affected.Taxis, too, are going through a painful transition. About 3,600-odd cabs have not yet applied for electronic meters fitted with printers. The defaulting taxi owners and the state government pleaded with Calcutta high court to extend the March 31 deadline, but the court refused.Instead, the court observed that the government should cancel the licences of the 3,600 taxis and impose penalty on applications made after the deadline. This spurred transport minister Madan Mitra to hold a meeting with taxi owners in the event of a crisis if all the defaulting taxis go off the roads.A bench of Chief Justice J N Patel and Justice Sambuddha Chakrabarty took exception to the state's taking the court direction lightly. The bench directed the government last Friday to keep the counters of the public vehicles department open on Saturday, a holiday, to receive applications. So when state lawyer Pantu Debroy pleaded for some more time, the Chief Justice observed that the department should have arranged for more counters if it was sympathetic to the taxi owners.The bench refused to listen to the state lawyer's plea that it would result in the cancellation of taxi licences and ordered the government to comply with the order.Mitra said that the government the government would follow the high court order and there was no question of appealing against it. \"The original deadline of complying with the court order was March 2, and we had asked for an extension till March 31. Now, since the deadline is over, we will have to follow the court order. We are trying to find a solution, keeping in mind that the court order has to be complied with and also that taxi drivers are poor,\" Mitra said.The government has already asked police to checks on the road whether taxis have meters with printers. \"Only those that have printers or have documents showing they applied for it, will be allowed on the road,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12513426", "title": "Water scarcity hits North Nagpur again", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though Nagpur Municipal Corporation is talking about providing 24x7 water supply, there are many parts in the city where citizens do not even get limited supply. A case in point is North Nagpur. With the rise in mercury, problem here has aggravated and residents have started lodging protests with the authorities about water scarcity.On Monday, residents led by corporator Savita Sangole met assistant commissioner of Asi Nagar zone and demanded improvement in water supply. They said they would launch an agitation if the situation did not improve. Sangole told TOI that water requirement of North Nagpur was around 55 mld (million litres a day), while it was getting only around 38 mld. Many areas do not get water supply daily. \"During summer the supply comes to around 30 mld,\" she added.Residents of Ahuja Nagar, Shende Nagar, Sanyal Nagar, Kalpana Nagar, Kabir Nagar, Sahyog Nagar, Dixit Nagar, Kapil Nagar, Sugat Nagar, Bezonbagh, Nara, Nagsen Nagar, Mahendra Nagar are affected badly. During summer, the water supply becomes irregular and to meet the demand, civic body presses in tankers, alleged Munna Yadav, a resident of Mahendra Nagar. At present, NMC has hired 52 tankers to supply water here.NMC officials may think tankers are a solution but they lead to quarrels among residents. Nara resident Kalabai Patil claimed she had requested for a tanker on Friday but it had not reached till Monday morning. According to Rakesh Ikhar of Shende Nagar, the delay in supply by NMC tankers was forcing residents to approach private operators. The private operators respond immediately.As there is no proper monitoring, tanker owners divert the water to other areas by taking money. To check this, Sangole demanded the civic body to ensure transparency in system. A senior official from water works department said he was aware of the problem and was trying to sort out the issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12512847", "title": "Plea to give autistic child extra love", "text": "KANPUR: Autism is consider as one of the rapidly spreading psychiatric diseases in the country. According to the doctors of Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital, the OPD is witnessing a large number of autistic patients.\"People with autism have more than normal capacity for processing information even from rapid presentations and are better able to detect information defined as critical,\" said Navneet Kumar, neurologist at LLR.Autism is caused when a particular part of brain is not fully developed, causing various physiological and behavioral disorders. Kumar termed autism as a lifelong developmental disorder that affects social interaction, communication and often learning.Generally, autistic disorders are characterised by imbalances in speech, social communication, restricted interest, repetitive behaviour etc. Patients, who are usually children do not use eyes, hands, gestures, postures to regulate social conversation. Lost in their world and being oblivious is bliss for them.Secondly, they fail to develop relationships, as they do not have friends and also fail to read expressions on other faces.However, the disease is noticed in a child less than three years of age but usually more than six months. Males are affected more commonly than females. They are more good looking than their siblings. A small subgroup may be a prodigy and have extraordinary mathematical or visio-motor capabilities or musical capability.\"The condition is lifelong. To add to the woes of the parents, in our country there are no trained health workers in dealing with such kids. Very few institutions cater to autistic children specifically,\" he added.Talking to TOI, Dr Dhananjay Chaudhary, HoD, psychology clinic at LLR Hospital said that though this life-long disability that manifests itself during the first three years of life is not rare, a chunk of the autistic patients in India continue to go undiagnosed or do not receive the appropriate medical services.\"Due to lack of awareness and misunderstanding about autism among the medical professionals, the disability is either being misdiagnosed or underdiagnosed,\" added Chaudhary.He added that premature infants are five times more likely to suffer from autism than children born at normal delivery time. Autism first appears during infancy or childhood and generally follows a steady course without remission. Its symptoms are impairments in social interaction, communication and restricted interests and repetitive behaviour.He added people must show social support and a bit of extra love and concern to autistic children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12512397", "title": "CM to protest 'secret' arrest of minorities", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar has said he would definitely raise the issue of arrests of people of minority community from Bihar by the Maharashtra and Delhi police in connection with terror incidents without taking into confidence the local police, at the CMs' meet in Delhi called to discuss the issue of National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC).He was giving government's reply to the issue raised by RJD member Chandra Shekhar Singh in the assembly on Monday. He said the matter was serious as it infringed on the federal character of the country.Raising the issue just after the zero hour of the House , Singh pointed out that the Maharashtra and Delhi police were arresting people of \"one community\" from some parts of Bihar for interrogation in connection with terror acts. \"They get arrested and also put behind bars, but finally come out of jail free and acquitted of charges levelled against them. They walk free of any charge after some years, and even after 10 years, as the charge levelled against them does not stand,\" he said, adding that the state government should take up the matter with the Centre.Nitish said that he was aware of the problem, and accordingly, had mentioned it in his vote of thanks to the governor's address to the joint session of the state legislature a month ago.He also said that the investigation agencies have coined new phrases and talked in terms of \"module\". \"They have started saying things like 'Bihar module', 'Darbhanga module', 'Madhubani module', which is uncharitable,\" the CM said, adding that he would definitely raise the issue at the CMs' meeting.Even otherwise, he, in a letter to the concerned at the Centre, has expressed his displeasure at the use of such phrases, Nitish said, adding that he has also expressed his apprehension on the mode of arrests of people of minority community from one or the other area of the state for interrogation in connection with terror acts.\"They come incognito, and do not inform the local police about their arrival and intent. This might result in a lot of difficulties, as law and order problems can arise due to local public protests against unannounced arrests of people for interrogation. The fears are genuine,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12513182", "title": "Bachelor of Physical Education teachers association meets CM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Representatives of physical education teachers' welfare association met chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday, and gave a memorandum requesting him to appoint BPEd (Bachelor of Physical Education) degree holders at various sports posts in junior high schools.As per the association members, during the regime of Mulayam Singh Yadav in 2004, and in 2007, BEd (Bachelor of Education) degree holders were appointed as assistant teachers in primary schools. But the former government did not consider BPEd degree holders when they introduced TET (Teacher Eligibility Test) for special BTC.As per association members, the chief minister assured them of fruitful results.Akhilesh said that Samajwadi Party will take all steps to provide compulsory education at primary levels.The government will also provide free coaching to poor students, and will deal with teacher shortage immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12512506", "title": "Man with unlicensed revolver held for murder attempt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 43-year-old man was nabbed with an unlicenced gun by a team of Special Operations Group (SOG) near Narol on Monday. According to police investigators, the man was earlier caught for attempt to murder.Working on a tip-off, a team led by inspector S M Chaudhary arrested Mehmood Khan Pathan, a resident of Sindhiwaad, Jamalpur chakla with a gun who confessed that he did not have any licence for the gun. tnnHe was arrested from the spot and was taken to SOG.\"During his questioning, he stated that he was arrested by Vejalpur police in 2004 for an attempt to murder. About the gun, he said that another history sheeter Abdul Gaffar alias Party, a resident of Vatva, had sold him the gun. We have started search for him in connection with the case,\" said an SOG official. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511635", "title": "PIL against sand mining suction pumps", "text": "MUMBAI: A new PIL has been filed in the high court against the use of suction pumps by \"sand mafia''.A social activist from Pen has moved HC, asking it to stop the state from permitting the use of such pumps in Thane and other parts, which he alleged, is causing damage to coastal regions and its biodiversity. A bench headed by the Chief Justice Mohit Shah, after hearing petitioner's counsel Arif Bookwala, posted the matter on Wednesday.The PIL also demanded proper implementation of an October 2010 policy and an HC 2010 order on sand extraction rules. The HC had called for special safeguards while extracting sand using suction pumps, but unless the mining contractors are made to enforce the rules, the Konkan coast will be threatened by degradation the PIL said.Using these pumps \"damage river beds, flora and fauna, river lives, bird sanctuary...\", and other natural habitat of sea lives\", petitioner Pramod Patil and his advocate Devrat Dhankar said in the PIL.Sand is usually extracted by using three main methods: manual or hatpati, mechanical dredging and suction pumps. Experts view suction pumps as a \"potential threat to the environment\"A successful bidder has to comply with the policy which calls for environmental approval but officers of the state government departments instead of ensuring that mining does not take place in prohibited areas permit open flouting of rules. There is collusion between government departments and the sand mafia with permits issued to contractors who blatantly violate the law in Konkan area, the PIL has said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12513490", "title": "Nagzira wildlife sanctuary to conserve its medicinal plants", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagzira wildlife sanctuary, 125 kms from Nagpur in Gondia district, has taken up conservation of medicinal plants conservation area (MPCA) referred to as 'Buddha-Buddhi' by guides and tourists.The MPCA, 7 km from Pitezari main gate, is spread over 200 hectares and has some rare medicinal plants, a fact visitors do not know.\"Till recently, it was a tourist hotspot but in a bid to conserve these rare medicinal plants and allow their regeneration, it has been declared MPCA and closed for tourists. We will do in-situ conservation of plants there,\" said MS Reddy, conservator of forests (CF), Gondia wildlife division. He added, there was a plan to document the plant species.The MPCA is a public trust registered on December 16, 2002. It was set up with an aim to conserve medicinal plants, make them available to local villagers for developing nurseries, create awareness among people about the plants by involving them, grow these plants at home and generate employment by selling them.A 15-member committee was initially formed to look after the project. The committee was reconstituted in 2007 with the efforts of foresterS M Meshram. He is involved in preparing a list of plants and has shown keen interest in reviving the project.Meshram had submitted a proposal in this regard to the higher-ups in 2009.The MPCA in Nagzira was among the 13 projects in Maharashtra as part of the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) and United Nations Development Programme (UNDP). It was implemented in coordination with Foundation for Revitalisation of Local Health Traditions (FRLHT), Bengaluru, and Rural Communes Medicinal Plants Conservation Centre, Pune.However, all these MPCAs were in poor state as officials did little to promote them. \"Once the grants under the said project were discontinued, it collapsed,\" said one of the beneficiaries Madhav Walke, Pitezari. A question was also asked in legislative assembly in this regard.Ramanuj Choudhary, additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF) for non-timber forest produce (NTFP), evaluation and monitoring, said in 2009 plan was sought from respective officials to maintain MPCAs.\"The 5-year project remained neglected at the local level as there was no money for it. However, some grants have been provided in the past two years for in-situ conservation of MPCAs,\" said Choudhary.Meshram informed that MPCA in Nagzira has 22 rare medicinal plant species like satavari, nirguli, jaswand, godaful, safed kanda, gokarn, sitafal, deoparas, appalsari, kelati etc. The stock of these plants was last taken on June 25, 2009.Despite claims, MPCA continues to be neglected. MPCA in Nagzira needs proper fencing and trenches to guard the area. There are no display boards on respective trees. Since start, no new species have been added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12510973", "title": "Quiet cremation for India's oldest cricketer TS Naidu", "text": "NAGPUR: Tucked in the corner of obituaries in city newspapers on Monday was the announcement of the demise of 93-year-old Toram Sheshrao 'TS' Naidu. Digging into history, TOI learnt that he probably was the oldest first-class Indian cricketer having played for the Hindus in the days of Quadrangular in the 1940s. Coincidentally, TS, died on Sunday, the same day as former cricket Board president NKP Salve with who he shared a close relationship for over several decades.\"TS uncle was just like a member of our family,\" said Arun Upadhyaya, Salve's son-in-law. The 91-year-old Salve and TS have been friends since their school days. \"TS uncle was the only person who addressed my father-in-law by his nickname 'Paulie'. The fact that they both passed away on the same day is an amazing coincidence. We believe that the buddies had a pact to go together,\" he added.The Board of Control for Cricket in India doesn't have records of all cricketers who have played first-class cricket in India. Well-known statistician Mohandas Menon said, \"It's difficult to confirm if Naidu was the current oldest living cricketer. There are many first-class cricketers whose records are not available with either the Board or the association of statisticians. As per known records, Vasant Raiji at 91 is the oldest living first-class Indian cricketer and Madhav Mantri (90) the oldest Test cricketer.\"But records exist to show that TS played 7 Ranji Trophy matches for the Central Provinces and Berar, alongside Hiralal Gaekwad and CS Nayudu, before his first class career ended in 1952. They are available on cricket websitecricinfo.com and were also confirmed by the Vidarbha Cricket Association statistician Dilip Singh Upring. TS scored 212 runs in 12 innings with 56 as his highest score. Playing for the Hindus in the Quadrangular, TS had the great CK Nayudu as his captain.Salve and TS further sealed their friendship by naming their firstborn Harish. While Harish Salve is a top Supreme Court lawyer, Harish Naidu went on to play first-class cricket for Vidarbha. The names of their daughters too begin with 'A': Arundhati (Aruna) Upadhyaya is now an educationist and Ashalata Naidu is privately employed.While Salve was given a state burial with top politicians like CM Prithviraj Chavan, Praful Patel, Ambika Soni, Vilas Muttemwar in attendance, Naidu was quietly cremated with only family friends and close relatives being present.TS moved to Mumbai in 1944 and was on the coaching panel of the Bombay Cricket Association for over a decade. He has coached the West Zone team in different age categories for BCCI tourneys. When he finally returned to Nagpur in 1983, it was after retiring from The Times of India where he worked in the advertising department. He had represented TOI in hockey and table tennis too, in inter-office league. TS' coaching career continued on his return to Nagpur and ran for well over five decades.TOI, the Evening News of India and Marathi papers wrote glowingly on TS. \"He has helped coach various teams and individuals from the ages of 10-30,\" read an article in the Evening News.Though Harish took to cricket, he got no favours from TS. \"He would tell me 'if you want to learn from me, you need to be at the ground before sunrise. After that, I have different responsibilities',\" said Harish.TS coached Vidarbha for three years between 1984 and '86. Former captain Pravin Hinganikar, who was one of his wards, said, \"TS was a lean but strong person. He had a loud voice and was always cheerful.\" A fitness freak, TS continued to use the bicycle even at the age of 70 and would mostly be dressed in cricket whites. \"He would run from Sai Mandir to VCA or Reshimbag ground (between 4-5 kms).\"Suhas Phadkar, another ex-Vidarbha captain, said TS was a \"classic combination of tactics and technique\". Hemant Wasu's association with TS goes back to almost 35 years. \"When I was the vice-captain of Maharashtra school team, I had a chance to interact with him in Pune,\" said the former Vidarbha captain.After his coaching stint with the Vidarbha Ranji team, TS coached in Reshimbag Gymkhana till 1998 even when he was 80. After his tumour operation in 2010, he stopped going outside but continued to remain active in the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12513354", "title": "ASI takes up renovation of Vijaydurg", "text": "PUNE: The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) has begun restoration works at Vijaydurg, the oldest fort on the Sindhudurg coast.The ASI has got Rs 3.10 crore from the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) for the work, which includes reconstruction of the fortification wall, landscaping and installation of public information signboards.The ASI started with the reconstruction of the 18-meter-long and 12-meter-high fortification wall that had collapsed recently. \"The wall at the southwest side of the fort will be reconstructed using lime mortar in consonance with archaeological norms. We would also fill the undercut cavities that the fort's walls have developed over the centuries. Some of these cavities are 24 to 25 meters in length,\" said an ASI official.Among other things, cracks on the fortification wall and fort's rampart will be repaired and the parapet wall will be reconstructed. Two doors will be replaced with teak wood doors while landscaping activities will also be taken up, the official said.Recently, two guards were posted at the fort. Once the restoration work is complete, the ASI would post four men at the fort for security and maintenance. \"In addition, other features that will help tourists understand the history of this fort better will be included. A public information board at the entrance to educate the tourists Vijaydurg's history, direction boards to help tourists locate different structures within the fort and another displaying a detailed map of the monument will be installed,\" the official said.The ASI will also undertake documentation of the structures in the fort, their current condition and amount of damage, exact location, dimensions and measurements, among other things.\"Detailed mapping and documentation will be carried out for future reference. In addition, we will be shifting the cannon balls to a separate area where these archaeological objects could be preserved. Tourists interested in viewing them will be escorted to this area,\" he said.The fortVijaydurg fort is located in Devgad taluka, and is 85 kms from Malvan. A brief description of the fort posted on ASI's website says: \"Vijaydurg was known as the 'Gibraltar of Asia', a tribute to its impregnable fortifications. Built by the Bijapur Kings and strengthened by Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj, the fortifications are massive with a provision of 27 bastions. The triple line of fortification covers an area of 20 acres. In 1698, chief of Maratha navy, Kanhoji Angre, made it the capital of his territory along the coast and in 1755, the fort came under the suzerainty of the Peshwas who made it district headquarters with the appointment of Anandrao Dhulap as the admiral.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12512500", "title": "Managing air traffic set to be more efficient", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Efficiency towards managing air traffic will go higher for the city's Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International (SVPI) airport soon. SVPI airport is getting a new 45-meters tall tower with state-of-the-art equipment worth Rs 40 Crore. The existing ATC tower is around 22-meters tall.Officiating airport director S K Swami said, \"The existing ATC tower is around 20-years-old and needed upgradation. With the fast pace at which technology is changing today, we also needed to upgrade our existing systems.\"The new ATC tower will be constructed between T1 (Domestic Terminal Building) and the existing tower. Airport officials said that the new tower, with its increased height will help in increasing visibility of the runway and activities like landing and take-off of aircrafts there. Since the ATC tower is located towards one end of the 3.5 kilometers long runway, visibility at the other end becomes hazy if the tower is not adequately tall. The fire tower located at the other end of the runway which updates the ATC about activities towards its side of the runway will, however, continue doing so even after the coming up of the taller ATC tower.\"The improved height of the new tower will facilitate air traffic controllers in keeping a vigil on the entire operational area. It will also have all state-of-the-art facilities along with latest communication and electronic equipment to assist aircraft in navigation. The various floors of the 12-storey structure will be used as air traffic services complex which will house equipment like radars and anti-hijack signals as well as support activities like briefing of pilots and so on,\" said Swami.The officials said that the project is in a detailed planning stage at the moment and the tenders for its construction are yet to be floated. Only after the completion of these processes, the tentative date for the emergence of the new structure could be confirmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12510899", "title": "New policy on hookah joints soon: RR Patil", "text": "MUMBAI: A comprehensive policy on hookah parlours will be tabled in the state legislature during the ongoing budget session, home minister R R Patil said in the state legislative assembly on Monday. The home minister dropped hints that his department would come down heavily on the parlours.Sharing several legislators' concern about how hookah joints have captured the imagination of the youth, Patil said, We will not allow hookah to corrupt our young generation. There have been numerous complaints from parents and teachers alike about how the youth is getting addicted to hookah.'' Patil was replying to a prolonged discussion on the budgetary demands of the home department.Pointing out that the existing penalty of Rs. 1,200 for hookah parlours was meagre'', Patil said, The owner is ready with the penalty amount when our police swoop down on his parlour.'' Plans are afoot to come up with a comprehensive policy on the issue, he said, adding, The policy will be announced in the course of the on-going budget session.''Patil claimed that Maharashtra's crime rate had come down. Crimes such as murder, attempt to murder, molestation, rape and financial scandals have come down,'' he stated.Nearly 5,000 CCTV cameras will be installed in Mumbai at an estimated expenditure of Rs 600 crore, and seven control rooms will be set up for the purpose. The work order will be issued next month,'' he added.On the recent theft of a gold statue of Lord Ganesha from a temple in Shreewardhan taluka in Raigad district, Patil said those who set up temples should provide for the security of the statue. We don't have enough policemen to guard all temples and statues. Adequate security arrangements have been given to landamrk temples such as Siddhivinayak and Shirdi as the two shrines face a security threat,'' he said.Plans are afoot to constitute a tribal batallion in the Naxal-infested areas of Chandrapur and Gadchiroli, the home minister said. The idea is to wean the adivasis from the Naxal influence and provide them jobs,'' he pointed out.The on-going inquiry into the disproportionate wealth case involving Kripa Shankar Singh will be carried out impartially, Patil assured the house.Opposition boycotts proceedings:Angered by the curtailment of hours allocated for the discussion on the state budget, the Opposition Shiv Sena-BJP MLAs on Monday boycotted the proceedings of the house.We will not participate in the budget discussion as the Opposition is not given enough time to speak on the performance of various departments,'' said senior BJP MLA Devendra Phadanvis. We will resume the budget discussion if the speaker (Dilip-Walse Patil) intervenes on our behalf,'' Phadanvis added.Earlier, in the assembly, leader of the Opposition Eknath Khadse of the BJP took exception to the very little time'' allocated to the Opposition for the budget debate. Let the minister give the reply. We are marching out,'' Khadse declared and led the Opposition legislators to an angry walk-out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12511301", "title": "Vijayawada Municipal Corporation comes to a halt as staff strike work", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Intensifying the agitation for salaries under the treasury account, the employees of Vijayawada Municipal Corporation (VMC) went on mass leave on Monday bringing the operations at the civic body to a complete halt. Ignoring the warnings of municipal commissioner G Ravibabu, the entire staff and workers went on leave and joined the dharna camp. With chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy refusing to budge, the employees of the civic body decided to further intensify the agitation. The joint action committee of employees decided to give strike notice to the commissioner and go on indefinite strike from April, 9. All the political parties including CPI, CPM, TDP and YSR Congress extended their support to the workers agitation.With municipal corporation slipping into deep debts, the employees were not getting their salaries on time every month. Earlier the then CM YSR had decided to pay the salaries of local bodies both urban and rural from the treasury account following representations from the trade union.However, the government exempted three major municipal corporations Vijayawada, Visakhapatnam and Hyderabad from giving salaries directly from treasury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12515555", "title": "Is Priyanka Chopra being targeted by star wives?", "text": "Beseiged by nasty rumours and a whisper campaign, Priyanka Chopra has decided to immerse herself in work and focus on her forthcoming music album. But while the 29-year-old Pee Cee has opted for a dignified silence in the face of nasty media whispers, friends of the actress claim that her calm facade is just that.Juggling work, her father's illness, and these rumours have taken a toll on the star. In particular she is upset and flummoxed by the campaign unleashed by a powerful producer-director who can make and break careers in Bollywood. \"At a recent party while he was feeding her cupcakes, she heard rumours of him bitching her out-all this is very hurtful,\" said a close associate of the actress who did not want to be identified. The associate-cum-friend believes that a powerful clique of star wives is behind this spate of anti-Priyanka stories. \"Priyanka has done nothing wrong. If these women are insecure about their relationships with their husbands, they should sort it out with them, at home. Why should they attack her?\" thunders the friend.The actress, who along with Vidya Balan has often been seen as Bollywood's go-to girl for meaty writer-backed roles, has confided to her friends that whatever is happening to her could be a function of the way the male-dominated industry operates. But she refuses to let it affect her work. \"The only way she can strike back is by doing more work, good work. And it is not just films. There is music, endorsements... she is a brand, a multi-faceted personality and there is no way any star-wife can take that away from her.\" Says the friend emphatically, adding, \"To all those who are calling her names, we would like to ask them, what are your achievements? You will only be remembered as Mrs so and so...!\"As for the stars that have allegedly refused to work with the actress, another friend counters by pointing out that she has always maintained a healthy professional relationship with her stars. \"Truth is, she has not signed any new films for this year, as she is busy till October. There are several big-ticket projects she has been approached for. But since she has a policy of not announcing any project before it is ready to go on the floors, people will have to wait until August for news on that front.\"When Mumbai Mirror called for her version of the events, Priyanka said she would only talk about her work and the music album. \"Whatever has happened is in the past,\" is all she would say.However, her protective friends were more forthcoming. \"Ever since she was nine years old Priyanka has been in awe of Shah Rukh Khan . But now she is scared to even utter his name in public, no matter how innocent or professional the context.\" Responding to rumours that the two will not be seen together because of various pressures, the friend says, \"Priyanka and SRK shot together for Farhan Akhtar's adult literacy mission film recently. There is nothing on the anvil right now for them to share a platform in public.\" But sources close to the actress say they continue to remain friendly.The actress, who is flying out of the country to finish work on her music album, has a lot going on in her life right now. For the last six months her father has not been keeping well. According to her concerned friends, it is not easy for her parents to read the vicious reports about their daughter every day.\"She is a feisty fighter, a hardworking girl and will not tolerate any attempts to discredit herprofessionally,\" says the friend, before joining the actress on the sets of Krrish, where she is shooting till the wee hours of the morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12511999", "title": "'Revive or sell sick industries'", "text": "NASHIK: The sick industries revival committee of the Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) has urged the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) and Nashik district collector to take initiative regarding defunct industries in the Satpur and Ambad industrial areas of the MIDC.There are around 4,000 small, medium and large units in the Satpur, Ambad and Sinnar industrial areas of the MIDC in Nashik, of which around 150 are closed units that had to shut down operations due to various reasons over the last 10-12 years. Around 175-200 acres of land on which closed units stand have been lying dormant for years. There is no land available here for new industries wanting to set up their base. At this juncture, NIMA has urged the MIDC and the collector to take a policy decision either to revive these industries or give the plots to new industries.\"There are around 150 units in the Satpur and Ambad industrial areas of Nashik that have been closed for close to 10-12 years. Such units are neither sold nor are being restarted. Around 175 to 200 acres of land of these closed units are lying unproductive. The government must take a policy decision in this connection by either reviving these closed industries or taking them in possession and hand over the plots to other industries which are mulling expansion or setting up new units,\" said NIMA president Dhananjay Bele.Bele added, \"Around 400-500 new units can be started if we plotted all the land of the closed units and gave it to the industries wanting to set up their base here.\"\"With an aim to revive these closed or sick industries, we had set up a special panel, the sick industries revival committee. Through this committee, we had continuously followed up with the MIDC and the district collectorate to make a new policy in handing over closed units to the new industries wanting to start their business,\" Bele said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12512877", "title": "Kochi to host India-England ODI match", "text": "KOCHI: The demise of Kochi Tuskers meant that Kerala lost out on the IPL caravan this year but there's something to look forward to for cricket fans in the state. The Jawaharlal Nehru stadium in Kaloor will host one of the ODIs in the India-England series to be played in November-January.The BCCI Tours and Fixtures Committee which met in Chennai on Monday decided to award one of the five matches to Kochi. Kochi will be hosting its eighth ODI.The England team arrives in India in November and will play four Test matches followed by two T20s and then five ODIs.The last international match in Kochi between India and Australia in October, 2010 was abandoned without a ball being bowled due to a wet and soggy outfield.England has already played an ODI against India in Kochi in 2006. India lost that match by four wickets.\"We are very happy to have got another ODI. We had requested the Board for Cricket Control (BCCI) in India not to schedule matches in Kochi in November for fear of rain. But according to the itinerary released by the BCCI, the ODIs are scheduled for the fag end of the tour. So the weather should be fine,\" said KCA secretary TC Mathew.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12511196", "title": "Mystery: Bison found dead near Bondla", "text": "PANAJI: The carcass of a young female bison in a decomposed condition was found under mysterious circumstances in a reserve forest near the Bondla wildlife sanctuary on Monday.\"The carcass showed no injuries and was intact, except for a wound,\" a forest official said. A post mortem was done and officials suspect that the barely three-year-old bison may have died due to blood loss.\"The genital opening showed that the reproductive organ was missing or decayed totally, possibly due to infection,\" the official said.Wildlife activists are sensitive about deaths of bisons, as it is a state animal and poaching is allegedly rampant in some areas.In another incident on October 15, 2011, the carcass of a six-year-old female bison was found along the national highway 4 in the Bhagwan Mahavir national park and wildlife sanctuary.Forest officials had claimed it had died due to an accident, but after wild life activists raised protests, as there was no trace of blood at the spot, a second post-mortem was done, after exhuming the carcass. Activists suspected that the bison, may have been shot in the sanctuary and may have collapsed in a different place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511478", "title": "Team Anna dares BJP govt in Himachal Pradesh in fighting graft", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna on Monday challenged the BJP government on its commitment to fight against corruption attacking the Himachal Pradesh government's draft Lokayukta bill as \"very weak and ineffective\". The BJP retaliated with an argument that has been given by Congress functionaries so far saying that the activists did not have the monopoly on deciding the effectiveness of a bill.Team Anna member Arvind Kejrwial said, \"The bill is very weak, ineffective and seeks to provide illegitimate protection to corrupt people rather than punish them. Rather than adopt the strong model of Uttarakhand, HP government has adopted many of the controversial provisions of central government.\"Terming this as \"unfortunate\" Kejriwal asked, \"Does it mean that BJP disowns Uttarakhand Bill? Does it also mean BJP and Congress are on the same page on some of the controversial provisions of central bill?\"Reacting to the comments BJP leader Balbir Punj said that Team Anna did not have a \"monopoly\" on deciding which bill was good or bad. \"This is in accordance with the needs of the state...Himachal and Uttarkhand are two different states, their needs are different. If the state government has brought this Lokayukta bill they (Team Anna) should wait and see how it performs,\" he said. He added that the activists were welcome to their opinion.Another Team Anna member Prashant Bhushan said the draft bill provides the state government with control over the institution of Lokayukta. \"The government controls the appointment and removal process of Lokayukta. Also, the common man cannot seek removal of Lokayukta and it is the government that will approach the High Court for this,\" Bhushan said.He said the provisions were such that government has full control over the Lokayukta which should not be there. He said that the Lokayukta would have to take sanction of prosecution before taking action. Another controversial provision was the need for a preliminary inquiry and the provision for the full bench of the Lokayukta to give its nod for initiating probe.He also said a Rs 10 lakh fine on frivolous complaints would deter the common man from approaching the Lokayukta. Bhushan also found fault with the provision of providing an opportunity for accused officers to plead their case even at the stage of preliminary enquiry.Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari said, \"Given the stand they have taken in Parliament over Lokpal, it is not surprising that BJP has done the same in Himachal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511513", "title": "Cop shifted for aiding doctor couple", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the doctor couple accused of leaving a teenage help locked up at home kept police guessing for the third day on Monday, sources said the investigating officer in the case had been changed to stop suspected transfer of information to the accused.While the couple, Sanjay and Sumita Verma, whose whereabouts are not known moved an application for anticipatory bail on Monday, police said they might be staying in Pattaya, Thailand. The Vermas and their 11-year-old daughter were expected back on Saturday morning but have extended their stay abroad after coming to know of the FIR registered here.Police on Sunday issued a lookout notice against the couple.Regarding the change in the probe team, sources said a local associate of the couple and his Thailand based relatives were probably passing on information sourced from someone within the team. However, senior officers refused to comment on the possibility of police personnel assisting the accused.Police say the Vermas' anticipatory bail plea denies all the allegations in the FIR and claims the minor was not mistreated in any way.The couple has also reportedly claimed that the girl was offered the option of staying with Dr Sumit Verma's parents for the duration of their holiday in Thailand.The Vermas have been accused of not only employing a 13-year-old and leaving her locked up in the house while they were vacationing, but also physically abusing and mentally torturing her.They have been charged under sections of the Juvenile Justice Act, the Bonded Labour System (Abolition) Act, the Child Labour Prohibition and Regulation Act, and IPC.The case was reported from Dwarka's Hahnemann Enclave on March 29 when a group of housemaids found the girl crying in the balcony of the locked flat, and complained to police.On March 30, the girl appeared before the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) and the sub-divisional magistrate, and was sent to a children's home at the Nirmal Chhaya complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12512025", "title": "FMS batch bags great offers despite slump", "text": "NEW DELHI: Belying worries about a slump in the economy, the Faculty of Management Studies (FMS) of Delhi University has improved all its past placement records. Its students had bagged better packages at all levels , including the highest international package, highest domestic package and average salary package.According to FMS sources, the international salary package hit an all-time high with an MNC offering Rs 72 lakh per annum. The highest before this was Rs 70 lakh per annum recorded during last year's placement. Similarly, the highest domestic salary package witnessed an increase of Rs 5 lakh to settle at Rs 32 lakh per annum, another high point. The average salary package was 6.1% more than last year. This year's average package is Rs 16.34 per annum as against last year's Rs 15.7 per annum.FMS concluded its final placement process for its largest batch recently, where more than 100 companies had participated. The batch of 2012 comprises 227 scholars (12% increase from last year) distributed among two full-time programmes, MBA and MBA-management of services. Two students had opted out of the process. In all, 127 companies confirmed their participation in the placement process and of them 96 companies actually participated.Forty-one per cent students opted for marketing jobs, followed by 26% preferring finance and 21% consulting, strategy and general management. FMS lived up to its reputation as a favoured B-school with 26% of the batch choosing a career in banking, financial services and insurance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12511812", "title": "Old City traders hit by deadline diktat again", "text": "HYDERABAD: Yet again Old City has been asked to shut down early. The South Zone police on Monday clamped a blanket deadline of 10 pm for all business establishments, including hotels , across its 17 police station limits in the Old City. The deadline would be strictly enforced till Hanuman Jayanti that falls on April 6.Manish Kumar Sinha, DCP, South Zone, said that as the night time traffic was considerably high in this part of the city, the deadline would only help the police curb any untoward incidents in view of the festival. \"If the establishments remain closed, people will not venture out without reason,\" said Sinha.While the 10 pm deadline has been imposed ever since the Hindu Vahini attacks post Bakrid in November last year, Sinha said it was enforced so far only in eight police station limits. For the rest of the nine police station limits, which are comparatively peaceful, the deadline was extended till 11 pm after normalcy returned, he said. For hotels, the deadline had been relaxed across the South Zone, he said adding that over the next five days, the enforcement would however be strict.For traders and hoteliers who witness a major flow of customers during the night times, the move is seen as a major setback for business. \"The harassment by police is unwarranted. If every festival is made a security issue, how can we do business?\" rued Mehfooz Ahmed, president, Old City Traders' Association. Ahmed said that during summer months, customers preferred late night shopping and if they have to shut shop by 10 pm, they would have to start wrapping up from 8.30 pm.\"We get customers from other parts of the city and tourists till late in the night. There will be a huge impact because during these days, business starts at around 10 pm,\" said M A Majeed of Pista House . He added that people coming from far flung areas might have to go back empty stomach because of the deadline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12513054", "title": "Cellphones buzzing but sanitation cries for help", "text": "LUCKNOW: One in every three persons in Uttar Pradesh carries a mobile phone, yet majority still defecate in the open. According to the final Census 2011 data on the availability of drainage systems, toilets, drinking water and bathing facilities in UP, a shocking 64.4% people do not have access to toilet facilities within the premises they live in, while 63% people continue to defecate in the open.Even the state capital has been unable to rise above this trend; 9.7% of the 5.48 lakh Census households still have no access to toilets. In Lucknow rural, over 77% people do not use toilet facilities.The figures are worrisome for a variety of reasons. For one, they draw attention to an urgent need to create an infrastructure where basic amenities, including drinking water, lavatories, bathing and kitchen facilities are easily available across economic categories. On the other, it also raises question about public health and safety. \"Poor availability of toilets is one of the biggest concerns for women folk, both in urban and rural areas. Apart from the social stigma, it also gives rise to health issues. Many girl students are kept away from schools, if there are no toilet facilities,\" said Sunil Tiwari, project coordinator for Beti Foundation, a non-profit organisation.A study conducted by Delhi-based Environmental Law Research Society, only reinstates these findings. In its report on a need for systematic sanitation plans across the country, it suggests there have been a large number of reported incidents, where women have been raped, when they had gone to defecate in the open during early morning or late night. Also, across the country, nearly 5.35 lakh children under 5 years annually die due to diarrhoea - a disease caused due to improper of disposal of human excreta.Only last week, during his visit to UP, Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh said over 52,000 gram panchayats in the state had failed to implement the 'Nirmal Gram Yojna' (aimed at making villages free from open defecation) in the state. Under the scheme, the Centre provides a subsidy of Rs 7,000 per toilet constructed and aims to ensure that people, particularly women, do not need to defecate in the open.Even in places, where toilet facilities are available, the drainage system in the state continues to be in a mess. Of the 35.5% households that have toilet facilities within the premises they reside in, only 8.1% are connected to piped sewage systems. Septic tanks may have long become obsolete in many parts of the country, but 19.9% of UP still follows the trend. In urban Lucknow, though 51.5% households are linked to the piped sewer systems, 32.5% still depend on septic tanks.If basic amenities are still lacking to in many UP households, electricity supply continues to be a major cause for concern. Despite tall promises made by the previous government that the state will become self-sufficient on the power supply front by 2017, Census 2011 suggests there is still a huge demand-supply gap. Only 36.8% households have access to electricity in the state; kerosene remains the main source of lighting for 61.9% households in UP. In comparison, the national average of kerosene users is 31.4%. Uttar Pradesh is also home to at least 20,000 homes that continue to live in complete darkness. Over 2,700 such households are located in the urban pockets of Lucknow.Though there is plenty that policy makers in UP can worry about, the state has also shown improvement on several parameters. There has been a substantial increase, for instance, in the quality of houses in the state.Wealth indicators apart, it has been observed that UP is also changing its traditional tones. In the family structures, joint families appear to have been elbowed out by an increasing number of nuclear families. The state is home to nearly 64% single-couple homes, up from 2001's 62.2%. The number of households with two or more couples has also seen a steady decline. There has been an increase - from 7.3% in 2001 to 8.9% in 2011- in the number of households with no married couples staying under the same roof. This could suggest that UP is turning more liberal; an increased number of people are living together in the state, without, necessarily, being married.There's also some good news on the availability of banking facilities across UP. The number of households availing banking services has shot up to 72%, up from 2001's 44.1%. In a happy first, this is more than the national average, pegged at 58.70%. Uttar Pradesh has also surged ahead on the telephone usage parameter; UP has 67% households using mobiles and landline (India 63%), while 61% homes in UP use only mobile phones (India 59%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511583", "title": "US medical association to tie up with 4 Mumbai hospitals", "text": "MUMBAI: The peculiar nature of heart diseases among Indians is finally getting international attention.The American College of Cardiology (ACC), a medical association whose guidelines for treating heart diseases are followed across the globe, will tie up with 10 Indian hospitals, including four from the city, to study the patterns of heart ailments here. The aim was to draw up Indian-specific treatment rules, said ACC officials.The four city hospitals are KEM Hospital, Bombay Hospital, Asian Heart Institute and Hiranandani Hospital. Details of patients visiting OPDs of these hospitals will be taken.At present, most treatment guidelines are based on studies conducted on Anglo-Saxon patients, says ACC's Brendan Mullen . As cardiac disease among Indians is different from that among the Anglo Saxons, the same rules cannot be blindly applied. \"The dosages prescribed for Americans cannot be given to Indians who are slightly built in comparison,\" said Asian Heart Institute's Dr Ramakanta Panda.Dr Prafulla Kerkar, who heads KEM Hospital's cardiology department, said, \"Indian doctors have a wide experience in treating heart diseases, butIndia doesn't have standardized guidelines like in the US or Europe. Everything is anecdotal.\" There was no guideline on if a patient should be put through expensive procedures or given medicines, he added.Said Dr Ganesh Kumar of Hiranandani Hospital, \"If you study 100 prescriptions, each will be different.\" Every patient who has suffered a heart attack should be put on a special class of drugs called beta-blockers. \"But this doesn't happen in India,\" he added.It is here that the ACC registry can help. As Mullen puts it, most heart diseases can be treated with medicines. \"We must work out the right treatment for the right patient at the right time,\" he said. Dr Panda said, \"The burden of heart disease is so high that it will cost India five times its GDP for every patient's bypass or angioplasty.\" The right combination drug for Indians must be worked out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12513184", "title": "City's development in future looks bleak", "text": "JAIPUR: The situation in Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) looks grim due to fund shortage. With approximately Rs 55 crore in the authority's account the development of the city in near future looks bleak.The authority is struggling to take up major development works which can provide relief to the residents. Jaipur Development Commissioner (JDA), Kuldeep Ranka, said, \"There is obviously a shortage of funds for big projects. The work for project such as drainage can only be done in phases.\" He added, \"Due to some recent auctions the condition has become a little stable.\"A senior official at JDA said, the mini-drainage plan prepared by the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) that was hit by paucity of funds was an immediate requirement to maintain the existing roads.Official sources said, \"It's necessary to have proper drainage system in the city as just after the previous monsoon and before the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas huge investment was made to repair the city roads. \"Around Rs 190 crore has been spent to repair the city roads. In the absence of proper drainage plans, there are possibilities the roads might get damaged again,\" and official saidAlso, JDA has to start repair work of category C comprising 2,093 roads. Besides this there are many roads in poor condition in the colonies which need immediate attention, however, the authorities are struggling to take the repair work. A JDA engineer said, \"To repair and carry out patch work of 1 km of road of category C requires Rs 12 lakh. The repair work of all the category C roads cannot be taken up simultaneously as there is shortage of funds, the road repairs required on urgent basis are being taken. All the funds in JDA account will be exhausted if we start repairing category B and C roads.\"Shalini Barieth, a resident of Mahesh Nagar said, \"Due to potholes last year during monsoon many accidents occurred in our area. This year too we have registered so many complaints to avoid accidents. However, the work has not taken up.\"Seeing the financial situation recently a circular was issued to put on hold the projects which are not important in near future. \"The projects which have received financial and administrative approval, but are not important should be shelved for the time being. Also, engineering wing will critically re-examine every project before initiating work,\" reads the circular.It is also mentioned that the officials have to seek approval of the JDC before initiating work equal to or more than Rs 10 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12513347", "title": "Govt to review road transport projects of previous regime", "text": "LUCKNOW: State infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta on Monday said that all projects for road transport initiated by the previous government under the public private partnership model will be reviewed before their inauguration. He said that all the projects will be evaluated separately. Reacting to media reports that chief minister may inaugurate some projects which have been completed, the official clarified that there are no plans as of now because completion of a project takes times. \"Mere construction of the road is not enough. Electrification &amp; green belt are also part of the project,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12513381", "title": "Administration told to compensate victim", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the infamous Bulbul case, National Human Rights Commission (New Delhi) has directed Chandigarh administration to pay Rs 50,000 compensation to the victim's family. In this case, which had hit Chandigarh in 2010; a case was registered against five medical professionals. NHRC has told the administration to pay the compensation by May 9.According to the police, Bulbul had delivered a stillborn in the hospital corridor after she was not administered medical help in time.\"Bulbul, who belonged to a lower middle-class family was not treated by doctors. She had to stand for hours in the patients' line, waiting for her turn. Though her husband repeatedly pleaded the doctors but they did not hear him. This resulted in a still-born baby delivery in the corridor,\" said Arvind Thakur, who had approached NHRC on the family's behalf.\"We had approached NHRC in September 2010. It had directed Chandigarh administration to pay Rs 50,000 compensation to the victim's family,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12511401", "title": "Revoke order to demolish temple in Russia: HJS", "text": "PANAJI: Hindu Janajagruti Samiti (HJS) on Monday appealed to the Russian government to respect religious sentiments of the local minority Hindu population and revoke a Russian court's order to demolish the largest Hindu temple and the vedic centre in Russia.In a memorandum submitted at the Porvorim office to the counsel of the Russian consulate in Mumbai, Vikram Varma, the HJS said, \"We have learnt that a Russian local court has ordered demolition of the largest Hindu temple and vedic centre just when the dust, over the proposed ban on the most sacred text of Hindus (Bhagwad Gita) was about to settle in Russia. This incident has spread a wave of anger amongst Hindus all over the world. We the Hindus of Goa strongly condemn this proposed demolition.\"The memorandum also said that some fundamentalist Christian organization, which is actively campaigning against Hindus in Russia, is responsible for the problem adding that Hindu culture respects every one and Hindu dharma is known for its tolerance and reverence for all religions.\"India and Russia have been friends for many decades and have excellent mutual relations. India is a major importer of materials and arms from Russia. Therefore, the Russian government should not take any anti-Hindu measures,\" said HJS convener Jayesh Thali.In his written reply Varma said that the Russian community in Goa has the highest respect for all ancient Hindu texts and temples. India has made huge contribution to the world in terms to its ancient knowledge and wisdom. Russians, like the rest of the world acknowledges that contribution. \"I will convey the sentiments of the Hindu community of Goa to the Russian consulate,\" said Varma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511835", "title": "Juhu mishap: Girls\u2019 parents burdened with huge medical bills", "text": "MUMBAI: The female passengers Nimisha Mane and Priyanka Rai-both were in the backseat of the car when the accident took place-are comatose, battling for their lives. While Mane is on a ventilator at Nanavati Hospital with severe head injuries, multiple brain hemorrhages and clots, Rai is being treated for fractures in the vertebrae, skull, ribs and legs at Criticare Hospital in Andheri (W). With hospital and treatment fees as high as Rs 20,000 a day, the grieving families of both accident victims are finding it difficult to cope with the rising medical expenses.A fresh CT scan conducted on Monday revealed that Mane's injuries are even more serious than what doctors had initially suspected. Dr Harshad Parekh, the neurosurgeon treating her, said: \"The blood supply to her brain has reduced further. Her condition is deteriorating\". Mane has sustained multiple fractures in her frontal skull bone, involving her eyes. \"The CT scan has shown hemorrhage in multiple spots and massive cellular damage,\" he said.According to Parekh, the hospital's team of doctors is trying its best to save Mane's life using every treatment option available, but admitted that the situation is \"bleak\". \"We are treating her very aggressively by using the most expensive and efficacious drugs. We are trying to dissolve the clots and reduce the pressure inside the brain,\" the neurosurgeon said.Rai's condition, too, has shown little improvement since the time she was admitted to Criticare Hospital on Saturday. \"She continues to be in a comatose condition. The swelling on her brain has increased indicating that the injury could be getting worse,\" said one of the doctors treating her. \"The next 24 hours will be very crucial for Rai,\" he added.The last three days of hospitalization and aggressive medical care has already plunged both the families into huge financial distress. Rai's family and friends from Kalyan have been pooling in money to support her treatment. Her employers, too, have come forward to help her, say family members.Rai has been working at Travelline International in Tardeo for over two years, and was earning around Rs 22,000 a month. A family friend, Sudhanshu Pandey, said that her income-along with her father's salary-helped sustain the family of five. Her father is a supervisor with a transport company.Mane's family has approached the hospital asking for a concession in her treatment. Parekh said that treatment in any hospital where aggressive medication and ventilator support is involved, the cost could easily go up to Rs 20,000 per day. \"We have told the family that the treatment is going to be expensive. They are managing somehow now,\" said Parekh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12513218", "title": "Over 1.22 lakh children disabled: Report", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Over 1.22 lakh children in the age-group of six to 14 years in the state are disabled, a government report said.The data collected under Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA), a national programme for universalizing primary education, for the year 2012-13 says disabled children constitute 1.91% of the total child population in the particular age group, covered under the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, numbering around 64.35 lak0h.Of the 1.22 lakh disabled children, 1.19 lakh attend schools while 27,000 of them are not enrolled. To bring the disabled children to schools and mainstream them, SSA has appointed 30 inclusive education (IE) coordinators for each of the 30 districts in the state, around 600 block resource teachers (BRT) at block level and IE volunteers at panchayat level.The special children include 28,000 orthopedically impaired, 20,000 mentally challenged, 21,000 hearing impaired, 14,000 speech impaired, 7,000 suffering multiple disability and 6,000 cerebral palsy patients, among others. Ganjam has the highest 9,000 differently-abled children, followed by Balasore (8,700), while Boudh has the lowest 1,300 of them.The SSA report puts the number of autistic children at only 661. Those working in the field of disability say autism may be underreported because of low awareness about it. Swarna Mishra, chairperson Autism Therapy Centre, said some parents are hesitant to accept the fact in case their children are autistic. \"They should admit the truth early so that there can be early intervention,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12517940", "title": "Mandira Bedi: Glad to be back", "text": "Actress Mandira Bedi is only too glad to be back on the small screen hosting the reality show Jo Jeeta Wohi Superstar 2 on Star Plus...Mandira Bedi is a yummy mummy, and had taken some time off to raise her little son, but the lady finds herself back on the small screen hosting a reality show! Bedi says that she is more than happy and content to be back, and besides the excitement of hosting a talent show, the convenient of the arrangement is what has made all the difference. Hosting Jo Jeeta Wohi Superstar 2 requires her to shoot just once a week. The remaining six days she could devote to her baby boy.Mandira, who has tried her hands at acting in TV serials and films, hosting cricket-based shows like the IPL and then eventually reality shows, says that acting is her first love and that she would return to it someday when a unique, important, full-fledged role comes her way.So the blinds are not down for this beautiful lady just yet, in fact, she is waiting patiently and raring to go!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12512658", "title": "Freedom fighters' property: HC appoints authority for scrutiny of names", "text": "JALANDHAR: After the half-hearted approach of the official machinery to identify cases in which properties of freedom fighters were confiscated by the British regime but were not restored by the government after independence, Punjab and Haryana high court has now asked noted freedom movement historian M J S Waraich, who has filed two petitions in the HC seeing restoration of such lands, to act as the authority for the purpose of scrutiny of names of such freedom fighters and their legal heirs.The HC has asked Waraich to place such names before the court, after scrutiny and satisfaction, through Amicus Curiae Advocate J S Mendiratta for further orders. It has also asked the state government to handover applications which might have been received by the government authorities after HC order dated December 15 last year, which asked the state to identify such cases of freedom fighters, to Waraich for necessary verification.The HC has asked the state government that any applications received by government in future would also be handed over to Waraich for the purpose. The half hearted approach of official machinery was evident from the fact that while most of the SDMs took seven weeks in issuing notices even as the order was issued by HC on December 15 last but they gave just one week to such heirs to submit their claims along with documents.\"It appeared that the bureaucracy failed legally but they wanted to scuttle the implementation of high court orders with such tricks as only somebody extremely influential could perhaps arrange such old documents in such a short time,\" Waraich had earlier told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12513271", "title": "Centre sets conditions for giving civic grants", "text": "PUNE: The central government has directed the state to put in place a state-level Property Tax Board (PTB) and ensure that all local governing bodies - including municipal corporations, zilla parishads, gram panchayats and panchayat samitis - have in place an audit mechanism and ombudsman in order to receive central government performance grants.In a recent communication to the state, the Union urban development department (UDD) said that as per the recommendations of the 13{+t}{+h} Central Finance Commission, performance-based grants for local governing bodies will be released only after fulfillment of various conditions specified by the Commission, including efficient property tax collection, audit and appointment of ombudsman. Under the Commission, performance-based grants to the extent of Rs 8,000 crore have been earmarked for 28 states. The local governing bodies in Maharashtra will be allocated Rs 805 crore.\"The PTB, which will report to the state government, will assist all local governing bodies to put in place an independent and transparent procedure for assessing property tax. The Board will enumerate all properties within their jurisdiction and review the present property tax system. It will make suggestions for a suitable basis for assessment and valuation of properties,\" said the UDD statement. \"The Board should prepare a work plan indicating how it proposes to achieve this coverage target and the human and financial resources it proposes to deploy.\"Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) tax department chief Vilas Kanade said in a press statement that the civic body has appointed a private firm to circulate property tax bills and the corporation has already started the process of bringing unassessed properties within the tax net.The state has also been told to set up a mechanism for an audit system for all local bodies so that their accounts can be audited on a regular basis in a uniform manner across the country. Pune-based activists have repeatedly demanded that an independent audit mechanism should be established, so that PMC officials have no role to play in it.The UDD also said, \"The state government must put in place a system of independent local body ombudsmen who will look into complaints of corruption and maladministration against the functionaries of local bodies, both elected members and officials, and recommend suitable action. This system should be made applicable to all elected functionaries and officials in all municipal corporations, municipalities and zilla parishads at least.\"The state government has also been told to have a mechanism to electronically transfer local body grants provided by the Commission to the respective local bodies within five days of their receipt from the Central government.The UDD has said all local bodies should be fully enabled to levy property tax (including tax for all types of residential and commercial properties) and any hindrances in this regard must be removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12513425", "title": "Sasikalaa returns to Jaya\u2019s Poes Garden residence", "text": "CHENNAI: Sasikalaa Natarajan on Monday returned to chief minister J Jayalalithaa's Poes Garden residence in the city as the long-time friends patched up more than three months after their bitter parting. Sources said Sasikalaa entered the house at an auspicious hour and to a traditional welcome. In December last, the AIADMK chief had expelled Sasikalaa and her relatives from the primary membership of the party and got her friend to move out of her residence, where she had been living for the past 24 years.Last week, Sasikalaa, in an emotional letter, said she was ignorant about a conspiracy hatched by her relatives . She said she only had Jayalalithaa's well-being at heart and had never once dreamt of harming or betraying her friend of nearly three decades.On Saturday, Jayalalithaa issued a statement revoking Sasikalaa's expulsion but maintained that her relatives would continue to stay out of the party. On Monday, the two friends were back together.\"A car was sent to pick up 'Chinnamma' (Sasikalaa) from T Nagar, where she was residing for more than three months. The car returned to the chief minister's Poes Garden bungalow around 4pm. Amma (Jayalalithaa) came out to the portico and welcomed Sasikalaa. It was an emotional scene,\" a party source, present during the reunion, said. The friends were meeting each other after more than 100 days.According to a state minister , the chief minister had informed her cabinet colleagues about Sasikalaa's return a couple of days ago. \"Amma informed us about her return and she also conveyed a strong message to the ministers not to entertain any of Sasikalaa's family members just because of the latest developments. She also said we should continue to take instructions only from her,\" the minister said.In her two-page letter to the AIADMK chief, which was released as a statement, Sasikalaa said she was not interested in posts or positions and had no desire to be in public life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12512354", "title": "Short film fest starts at Xavier's College", "text": "KOLKATA: It was lights, camera and action at St Xavier's College on April 2 as members of the Xaverian Film Academy (XFA) organized the third edition of Cinematheque 2012, a national level short fiction and documentary film festival. With over 75 entries in the fray, filmmakers from Delhi, Mumbai, Baroda Kerala, Chennai and Ranchi are vying for tops spots.At the event, Xaverian and actor Sabyasachi Chakraborty and Ashoke Vishwanathan shared nuggets about the world of filmmaking and the future of short films and documentaries in India.The two-day festival kicked off with the screening of \"My Three Best Friends\" by third year student Aditya Sengupta.Speaking at the event actor Sabyasachi Chakraborty said he was extremely happy to be back at his alma mater. \"I was a part of the film academy in my college days. Being present here today brings back a flood of memories. I hope XFA flourishes in the days to come, \"he said.This year XFA included three new events - music video category, photography competition and film quiz to the already existing two events of short films and documentary. \"Cinematheque is bigger and better this year. There are 5 competitive categories in total. This allows for greater variety in the competition and also allows a bit of fun to the event. This allows for film-buffs to also participate in this event and we are not restricting the competition to only film-makers,\" said XFA secretary Debosmith Chatterjee.Actor and director Ashoke Vishwanathan said it always felt good to be back at one's college. \"Being a Xaverian I know XFA has always been doing good work. I hope the mass communication and videography department produces some good filmmakers who will go on to make world class cinema,\" said Vishwanathan.A total of 19 films will be showcased over the two days of the festival. Tiyash Sen, a first year student of mass communication and videography looked quite excited because both his shirt film 'Eka Ki' and music video 'Synedoche' were selected to be screened. \"I was actually editing another film of mine when Eka Ki happened. It is a short film of 5 minutes which has filmed at my house. I hope to win in anyone of the categories,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12514887", "title": "Dell to acquire Wyse Tech for $1bn", "text": "NEW YORK: Dell Inc, the world's third-largest maker of personal computers, paid about $1 billion to buy closely held Wyse Technology Inc, according to a person with knowledge of the matter.Purchasing Wyse, which makes desktop devices for cloud computing , will boost earnings in the second half of fiscal 2013, Dell said today in a statement, which didn't disclose terms of the deal. David Frink, a spokesman for Round Rock, Texas-based Dell, declined to comment, as did Wyse's Tim Smith .Wyse sells so-called thin drives, which connect personal computers to remote servers storing corporate data, as well as security software and services. The San Jose , California-based company has shipped more than 20 million devices worldwide, according to the statement today.\"A deal for Wyse makes strategic sense for Dell as a way to leverage its massive installed base of PCs,\" Brian Marshall, an analyst with ISI Group in San Francisco , said in a note to investors. He has a neutral rating on the shares.Dell has been using acquisitions to diversify its operations and sell more equipment and software for corporate data centers. Meanwhile, it's cutting back on its less profitable line of consumer products. The company hired CA Inc Chief Executive Officer John Swainson to oversee the push in February.Dell was advised by Dewey LeBoeuf LLP, while Wyse received legal guidance from Gibson Dunn &amp; Crutcher LLP.Dell's shares rose 1.1 per cent to $16.77 at the close in New York . The stock has gained 17 per cent in the past 12 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12516170", "title": "Kalabhavan Mani makes a comeback", "text": "Popular Malayalam actor Kalabhavan Mani is all set to make a comeback with MLA Mani 10 am Classum Gusthiyum. His comeback film has been directed by Sreejith Paleri.Reportedly MLA Mani 10 Aam Classum Gusthiyum has been scripted by Kalabhavan Mani along with T A Shahid. Actress Nikhita plays the female lead role opposite Mani.It can be recalled that Mani started as comedy actor and went on playing serious roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12513068", "title": "Stray cattle lay siege to Sangam City", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The problem of stray cattle on the city's roads is getting worse by the day. There is hardly any road in the city which is free from stray cattle. Though authorities of Allahabad Municipal Corporation make tall claims about controlling the menace but the reality is totally different as cattle are found moving on different roads of the city. Commuters have to face lots of problems while traversing the streets which have the presence of the cattle.The problem of stray cattle is acute in the dense localities of the city including Chowk, Clock Tower, Loknath, Katra, Rani Mandi, Bahadurganj, Khuldabad, Meerapur, Attarsuiya, Kotha Parcha, Muthiganj, Dondipur, Meorabad, Civil Lines, Rajapur and other areas. There are many convoluting narrow lanes in these areas where one can spot numerous cattle. Though the space itself is insufficient for the commuters to traverse properly, most of the space is occupied by the cattle. The commuters have to exercise great caution while moving in such lanes.The condition of the city roads has already been deteriorated due to the ongoing work of laying of the sanitary pipelines under the JNNURM ( Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission) scheme. However, it becomes very difficult for the commuters to negotiate the way whenever hordes of cattle frequent such roads.\"This has been a problem since long. The situation becomes worse during monsoon but Allahabad Municipal Corporation has hardly made an effort to find a permanent solution to the problem,\" says Narendra Mathur, resident of Muthiganj.Further, the stray cattle also feed on the garbage that is accumulated in different parts of the city. One can find numerous stray cattle assembled at garbage bins in the Katra area.It is pertinent to mention that Allahabad Municipal Corporation has constructed two cattle colonies at Naini and Phaphamau so that people can get relief from the cattle menace. But none of the cattle rearers have shifted to these places uptil now as they are not ready on the terms and conditions that have been laid out by the Allahabad Municipal Corporation authorities.The cattle owners want that they should get the allotted space at cattle colony at a lesser rate.However, Allahabad Municipal Corporation administration is charging at a higher rate. The cattle owners also do not to shift to these places as they are located far away from the city.Allahabad Municipal Corporation is also lacking the adequate resource to face the cattle menace.It does not have the adequate manpower and also the requisite number of cattle catching squad to seize stray cows. There are limitations to what the department can do when it comes to catching cattle and locking them in a cattle shed.Though there is need of about four cattle catching squad to control the large number of bovine creatures but AMC is managing the situation with the help of only two cattle catching squad.However, talking to TOI, head of the animal husbandry department of Allahabad Municipal Corporation Dhirendra Goyal maintained that AMC is equipped to control the cattle menace. About two cattle catching vehicles are involved in trapping the stray animals. In the coming days, drive would be undertaken to control the cattle menace.The stray cattle cause traffic snarls and also mishaps. On Monday, two youths Amir and Vijay , riding on a motor bike sustained injuries when their bike was collided with a stray cattle near Elgin road. Through the injuries were minor but the increasing number of mishaps including fatal and non-fatal category are causing inconvenience to the commuters.Traffic inspector, IP Singh admitted that roaming of stray cattle on streets sometimes cause mishaps and riders should be very cautious while driving. He added that presence of stray cattle's on streets undoubtedly cause mishaps.Recounting his experience Nitin, owner of a grocery shop and resident of Mumfordganj said, 'Once a big bull was sitting right in the middle of the road, blocking it, even as I was getting late for my shop. What's more, nobody came to move the animal from the road.' Like Nitin, there were number of commuters who have to put up with such problems throughout the day, when they have to reach office or for some other work. Retired railway official, RK Pandey says \" stray animals have become a major problem in the smooth flow of traffic in most of the city areas especially Manmohan park and Katra\". These animals sometimes come right in the middle of the road, resulting in traffic jams and even accidents,'.Through the traffic police department has no such records about the persons who faced fatal and non-fatal category mishaps due to cattle menace but they admit that roaming of cattle on streets is a cause of unanticipated mishaps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12513137", "title": "Panchkula hikes collector rates", "text": "PANCHKULA: City administration has hiked the collector rate, which is considered as the benchmark for sale and purchase of property. While in residential areas there has been a hike of around Rs 2,000 per square metre, rate of shop-cum-offices (SCOs) have been increased from Rs 5,000 to Rs 7,000 per square metre. For shop-cum-flats (SCFs) there has been a hike from Rs 10,000 to Rs 15,000 per square metre and in commercial sectors, there has been a hike from Rs 8,000 to Rs 10,000. \"There has been a hike in the market rates that have a natural impact on collector rates too. So we were left with no other option,\" said G S Virk, district revenue officer (DRO).Residents have not taken the hike well. \"This will make it even more difficult to buy property,\" said Sushil Singla, a resident of Sector 4, Mansa Devi Complex.Reema Shangari, a resident of Sector 7, Panchkula, said, \"Real estate rates are touching the sky and middle class families cannot even think of buying land in the city anymore.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12512271", "title": "Mamata prepares to seek more bailout funds", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee will meet Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia next week to pitch for a bailout package from the Centre to pull the state out of the financial muck it has sink into. A retinue of ministers and department secretaries will accompany the chief minister to put forward the state's plight.The team that will press for the state's share over two days (April 9 and 10) includes finance minister Amit Mitra, planning &amp; development and power minister Manish Gupta, panchayat &amp; rural development minister Subrata Mukherjee, urban development minister Firhad Hakim, secretaries of their respective departments and chief secretary Samar Ghosh.Officially, it's about West Bengal's annual plan allocation but Mamata's focus is on the wrap-up meeting between herself and Ahluwalia. Her stand is in stark contrast to last year when she has decided to send Mitra to meet Ahluwalia. Finally, at the panel's insistence, she had to relent finally.Last year, the commission had approved Rs 22,214 crore - a hefty 24% more than the previous year's allocation of Rs 17,985 crore. Mamata had construed the move as the Centre's first effort to rescue Bengal from the \"fiscal mess left behind by the previous government\". Though the CM wants to use the meeting this time to seek a bigger allocation, officials at Delhi's North Block - where the finance ministry and the Planning Commission are headquartered -are not sure about ways to meet Bengal's demands. While deciding on the next plan of action, they will definitely take into consideration the state's failure to reach its projected 30% revenue earning. Higher allocation would depend on revenue projection and not on capital expenditure.Pointing to a spending of Rs 22,000 crore on paying debt interests, the CM has been demanding a moratorium of three years to bring the state back to black. North Block has told the Bengal government that a moratorium - even for a year - is an impossibility considering a simple logic: What if a new government, after five years, demands a waiver of the debt left by this government, which will be much more than the Rs 2 lakh crore borrowed by the Left Front in 34 years?Last year, after hectic parleys between Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and Mitra, North Block had sanctioned a bailout package of Rs 21,614 crore. The operative part of it was the grant-in-aid of Rs 9,249 crore, including Rs, 8,750 for Backward Region Grant Fund (BRGF). As part of the package, the state's market borrowing limit had been raised by Rs 2,706 crore from Rs 17,828 crore.Thus, Mamata will focus more on a special package for the current fiscal, even as she has only received around Rs 1,500 crore from the grant-in aid promised last year. Keeping an eye on the upcoming presidential election, UPA-II may agree to it as it has to depend heavily on Trinamool.. A host of ministers and department secretaries will also be there to present the debt-stressed state's case.The team will comprise finance minister Amit Mitra, planning and development and power minister Manish Gupta, panchayat and rural development minister Subrata Mukherjee, urban development minister Firhad Hakim, secretaries of their respective departments and chief secretary Samar Ghosh. Emphasising on rural development, the CM will lobby for a special package once again.Officially, it's about West Bengal's annual plan allocation but Mamata's focus is on the wrap-up meeting between herself and Ahluwalia. Her stand is in stark contrast to last year when she has decided to send Mitra to meet Ahluwalia. Finally, at the panel's insistence, she had to relent finally.Last year, the commission approved a Rs 22,214 crore - a hefty 24 per cent more than the previous year's allocation of Rs 17,985 crore. The CM had seen the Rs 4,000 crore surge as the centre's first effort to rescue Bengal out of the \"fiscal mess left behind by the previous government\".This time, the CM wants to use the meeting seek a bigger allocation. But officials at Delhi's North Block - where the finance ministry and the Planning Commission are headquartered - are unsure about how to synergise with Bengal's expectations.Higher allocation would necessarily depend on revenue projection and not on capital expenditure. The state's failure to reach its projected 30 per cent revenue earning and achieve only 18 % of its own-tax revenue target will be noted as will its failure to raise revenue through taxes in the last fiscal.Pointing to a spending of Rs 22,000 crore on repaying debt interests, the CM has been demanding a moratorium of three years to bring the state back to black.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12512238", "title": "Bengal minister caps quota in panchayats at 50%", "text": "KOLKATA: Panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee on Monday gave shape to a law which caps reservation in the local bodies at 50% of total seats, including women and other backward classes and minorities.The matter caused furore among the opposition who walked out the moment Mukherjee tabled the bill. \"A 14-day notice period is required to table any bill, but this government is doing it in three hours. It is not even allowing us to read the fine print. Discussion is being limited to only 30 minutes. The Supreme Court order which is being cited, is not even cited in detail,\" leader of the opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra alleged. \"During the Left Front regime, we had passed a bill in accordance to the Centre's and constitutional provisions to reserve 50% seats in panchayats for women. This bill only seeks to undermine it.\"Mukherjee reasoned: \"This is a very urgent matter. We hoped the leader of the opposition will understand it and debate on it in the assembly. The Left indeed had passed the bill, but didn't put it to effect. In fact, the then minister Anisur Rehman had left a note that this will be considered later and effected before the next panchayat elections. In the K Krishna Murthy vs Union of India case, the Supreme Court had set 50% as the ceiling for reservations. Should we implement the old act, it would be against the provisions laid down by the apex court and would be challenged immediately.\"Mukherjee claimed, \"The opposition wants us to go ahead with the old act for they know it will only stall the panchayat elections. There are reservations for the backward classes, OBCs and even backward minorities. Say for example, by giving proportionate reservation to all these backward and still reserving 50 % for women - over and above it - we will cross the 50% mark in some places, making it legally untenable.\" To this Mukherjee cited the Supreme Court order turning down the Andhra Pradesh government's move to exceed the 50% cap. The Andhra Pradesh government in fixing 25% of educational institutes and government jobs for OBCs, 35% for SCs, 6% for STs and 4% for Muslims, raised the total reservation to 60.09%. \"If we do the same, they will go to the high court and obtain a stay within a day,\" he said. Mukherjee said, \"Even if we are to conduct the elections in 2013, the state election commission needs to roll in motion the logistics (for this reservation) immediately.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511302", "title": "MMRDA seeks special infrastructure fund", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority(MMRDA) has asked for a special infrastructure fund to enable sustained development of infrastructure in the city and region.It has also asked to be permitted to raise revenues by developing land around metrorail and monorail stations.This came up during discussions with the State Finance Commission headed by J P Dange on Monday.The state commission was making its tour of the state and was holding discussions with various government agencies.It will submit its recommendations to the state government .Civic circles point out that Bombay First, a city organization had made the plea for a special fund for infrastructure projects in the region several years ago. But the ideas did not take off.MMRDA commissioner, Rahul Asthana pointed out that there needed to be a steady flow of funds for development and maintenance of infrastructure projects in the region.Asthana said that while there were many infrastructure projects to be developed in the region there should be a steady flow of finance.MMRDA officials later said that the MMRDA had cash reserved of over Rs 9,000 crores but with several major infrastructure projects in the bag a large part of this would be used up. The MMRDA was dependent on sale of its plots of land which was a finite resource, so the need for having a steady flow of funding from the state government was important.These officials pointed out that the MMRDA has not gone ahead with the sale of some of its plots over the last two years as the prices were depressed. Having a steady flow of revenues for the huge projects like the trans harbour link and the Vasai Alibaug multimodal corridor was important, they said.The discussions are expected to have a positive impact on finan cial planning for infrastructure projects in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12512410", "title": "Month-long wait for printer-meters?", "text": "KOLKATA: It may turn out to be a long wait for most taxi owners who applied to the Motor Vehicles Department for electronic meters with printers too close to the Calcutta high court deadline or after it.The few meters that were available off the shelf in the city have been purchased by the early birds. Others have been told by the store owners to deposit the money and return after a few days to collect the meters. The trouble is that a 'few days' may turn out to be a few weeks.\"I applied for the new meter on Saturday and went to a store to purchase one. There are two brands, coasting Rs 7,000 and Rs 6,000. The first one is of better quality. The store owner asked me to pay Rs 7,000, gave me a receipt and asked me to return after a week to check if new stocks have arrived. I have come to know from others that it may take a month for new meters to arrive,\" said R S Singh, a taxi owner.Store owners said that they were not prepared for the sudden rush. Stocking the electronic meters with printers is a cost intensive proposition. \"A few years ago, when the concept of printers in meters first came up in Kolkata, I stocked a sizeable number of them. It involves a lot of investment and the movement is very slow. So, I stopped ordering any more. After the court order, I sold the last few that were in stock,\" a store owner in Bhowanipore said.The new meters will not display the new fare and for the first 2km stretch - the screen will show Rs 10, as it did in the old meters. However, the printout will have the up-to-date fare with other details like distance travelled, time taken and the stoppage charge, if any.However, merely getting the meters installed won't be enough. Taxi drivers have to get them validated.\"We will have to report to the motor vehicles department where the meters will be checked and sealed to prevent tampering. Before we go there, we will have to get the vehicles cleaned up and painted, if necessary. If we want things to move smoothly at the MVD, we will have to keep at least Rs 500 handy. Even then, the entire day will be wasted. If we enter the queue at 11am, we can leave only after 6pm,\" rued a taxi owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12513714", "title": "Gilchrist starts search for India\u2019s fastest runner", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The entire venue for the Faastest Indian Challenge, Chandigarh, came alive as Punjab IPL team's newly appointed coach-cum-captain Adam Gilchrist entered the grounds of one of the city schools in Sector 40, Chandigarh. Dressed in a typical sportsman look with a black tracksuit and white cap, this 6 feet, 1 inch tall Australian cricketer stole all the glares at the venue where he flagged-off the challenge.It was all cheers for him as he wore his running shoes and covered the running track to kick-start the challenge.Faastest Indian is a challenge to identify India's fastest runners. The event looks forward to find runners from multiple locations in India, including Pune, Mumbai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Delhi NCR, Cochin and Chandigarh. The winners - the fastest man and woman in the country - will get a title of Faastest Man and Woman in India and also win a chance to fly to Zurich, to meet the fastest man in the world, Usain 'Lightning' Bolt later this year.On this occasion, Adam said, \"I have been a running enthusiast myself for years and it's indeed a pleasure to be a part of this interesting challenge of finding the fastest Indians. I wish all the participants best of luck and cheers to the winners who will get a chance to meet Usain Bolt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "12511227", "title": "Sand dune cleared in Candolim CRZ area", "text": "CANDOLIM: A large sand dune area topped with a dense cover of native species of lingud (Vitex Negundo) is being allegedly cleared in blatant violation of CRZ rules, but authorities failed to stop the activity despite frantic calls from villagers.The locals have raised apprehensions that the illegal shaving of the sand dunes is to flatten the undulating topography for some commercial activity.\"More than 10 workers are clearing the lingud shrubbery in CRZ area over the past three days,\" Victor Lopez, a local from Candolim, alleged.Villagers called up Goa coastal zone management authority (GCZMA) and demanded an immediate stop to the activity. GCZMA member secretary Michael D'Souza confirmed that he had received complaints about the flagrant violation of the CRZ rules.\"We have referred the matter to the North Goa collector's office for suitable action to stop it,\" D'Souza said. The collector is empowered to initiate action under the CRZ rules.The villagers are angry over the destruction of sand dunes. \"Clearing the sand dunes will erode the beach,\" said Yeshwant Kandolkar, a local resident.Agreed Vincent Fernandes, \"The activity is about 150 m from the high tide line and levelling the dunes may make it easier for the sea to enter residential areas,\" he said. A one km southern stretch of the Candolim-Sinquerim beach has been devastated by erosion for the past decade due to the grounding of MV River Princess.After being questioned, a supervisor at the site passed the phone to one John Fernandes of Taleigao.Fernandes claimed that he is the property owner and has obtained the requisite permission to clear the area. \"I am not doing anything illegal,\" he said.Candolim sarpanch Fermino Fernandes said no permission has been sought to clear the sand dune area by anybody. \"We are unaware about this activity,\" he said.But the sarpanch maintained that any activity of clearing vegetation or even shrubs is illegal and the panchayat will initiate action in the matter.Around 400 sq m of the area with a dense cover of lingud or nirud, an aromatic shrub, which is used as a natural pesticide to keep out weevils from stored grain, has been cleared.Citizens said they tried to desperately contact Calangute MLA Michael Lobo.\"His mobile phone was out of range and only a recorded message could be heard,\" villagers said. TOI's efforts to contact the Calangute MLA also failed.North Goa collector Mihir Vardhan agreed to look into the matter, but did not comment further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12511829", "title": "No tax cuts for Indians working in Saudi", "text": "HYDERABAD: Bringing relief to thousands of Indians working in Saudi Arabia , the Shoura (consultative) Council of the Arab nation has rejected a proposal to levy income tax on Indian and other foreign workers in the country.A majority of Shoura Council members voted down the proposal after it was put to vote following heated discussions on Sunday, according to media reports. The shooting down of the proposal has brought cheers to the nine million work force of which about two million are from India. According to media reports, expatriates account for nine out of 10 private sector jobs in the Kingdom. They fill roles that range from domestic service and factory work to management positions in large finance companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12511765", "title": "Man held for making hoax calls", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Cyberabad police arrested a salesman on Monday for allegedly making a series of bomb threat calls to Infosys and TCS offices across the country.Police arrested P Appala Naidu alias Lokesh of Srikakulam. On March 30 and 31, he made a number of bomb threat calls to Hyderabad, Bangalore, Pune and Chandigarh centres of Infosys and TCS companies. He even sent bomb threat SMSes to several employees of these firms. Infosys Hyderabad centre immediately lodged a compliant with the Cyberabad police and the call was declared a hoax.Special teams tracked the caller and nabbed him from his hostel in Ameerpet on Monday. Police seized a cellphone, hard disk and other incriminating documents from his possession.During interrogation, Naidu told the police that he had sent emails to several media houses, police (including both the city commissioners) and military officials about the functioning of government and the Constitution.\"However, as no one responded to his mails, Naidu decided to show his existence by terrorising people,\" Cyberabad commissioner Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao said.As per his plan, Naidu made several bomb threat calls to Infosys and TCS centres across the country from a PCO at Western Hills Colony in KPHB on March 30. Again on March 31, he had sent an SMS to manager facilities of Infosys stating, 'Planted a time bomb in Infosys. Take care'.Police said Naidu, who completed his Intermediate, was working as a salesman at Reliance Living on Road Number 12, Banjara Hills. In addition to a case booked at the Raidurgam police station, cases were also booked against Naidu at Electronic City police station in Bangalore and Anjiwadi PS of Pune for making threat calls. He was produced before court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12515984", "title": "Nagarjuna\u2019s new restaurant opens tomorrow", "text": "Actor Nagarjuna is not just an actor. He's also an entreprenuer with sharp biz acumen and foresight. Along with his trusted partner Preetam Reddy (husband of former Mrs World Shilpa Reddy, who is a designer now), the duo gave Hyderabad some of it's most popular hotsposts in the past - nightclub Touch, restaurant N Bar and Grill and the convention centre, N Convention. Their latest offing is their swanky fine-dining restaurant, N Asian, that is all set to open in the upmarket locality of Jubilee Hills.The gourmet Chinese fine-dining restaurant promises to be the next hotspot for Tollywood celebs. In the past, Nagarjuna's star power ensured T-town's who's who frequented all his eateries and now this new posh venue is expected be the next address where stars will frequent to unwind.Surprisingly, N Asian opens its doors to Hyderabad on Wednesday sans a launch bash. Insiders reveal that the launch bash might be scheduled for a later date, post the launch.Grapevine has is that the eatery will also house designer Shilpa Reddy's boutique.Thanks to the buzz being created already, the place promises to be another landmark in the city. And an adda for Tollywood stars.Click on Nagarjuna's photo to view slideshow of the eatery", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12512577", "title": "Kerala entitled to 266mw power from Kudankulam, says Union minister of state for energy", "text": "KOCHI: Union minister of state for energy K C Venugopal said here on Monday that the Centre had not taken any decision to review the originally agreed formula on sharing power from Kudankulam nuclear power station.He said there was a clear formula on sharing power from thermal and nuclear stations in different parts of the country, and that an agreement on this is reached at the time of setting up the plants.Accordingly, the home state will get 50 per cent of the power generated. Thirty five per cent of the remaining power will be shared between neighbouring states in accordance with their per capita power consumption. The remaining 15 per cent will be added to the Central pool as \"unallocated power\". According to this formula, Kerala is entitled to 266mw of power from Kudankulam, Venugopal said.The minister also said the Centre was supporting Kerala in tiding over the present power crisis and had allocated 100 mw of power in the last four days in addition to the regular allocation.He said studies had indicated that Kerala would face a demand-supply gap of 48,000mw in 2016. During the 11th Five Year Plan, the country as a whole had added a capacity of 55,000mw, and Kerala's contribution to this was only 100mw. The country proposed to add 75,000mw generating capacity during the 12th Plan period and Kerala's share in this would be nil, he said.The state could face acute power crisis unless a political consensus is evolved on the choice of energy required. Kerala should vigorously pursue mini and micro hydel power generation possibilities as well as renewable energy.The Centre has initiated measures to eliminate excise duty on naphtha and this might reduce the cost of power from Kayamkulam thermal power station at least by Rs 1.5 per unit, the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12513656", "title": "\u201880% household water goes waste\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: A four-day training workshop on \"Sustainable disposal of domestic sewage effluent using agro-forestry systems,\" organized by the Department of Forestry and Natural Resources (DFNR) of the Punjab Agricultural University (PAU), began on Monday. S S Gosal, director of research, PAU, pointed out that disposal of large amounts of municipal sewerage and sludge has become a serious concern.Disclosing that sewerage accounts for more than 75% of the surface water contamination in India, he said it is estimated that around 80% of water consumed by household goes to the drains of sewers as waste water.Gosal said land application methods including irrigation are low-cost and effective means for disposal of waste water and to improve its quality. He stated, \"In rural and peri-urban areas of most developing countries, the use of sewage and waste water for irrigation to vegetables and various agricultural crops is a common practice\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "12512979", "title": "2 teachers booked for submitting fake degrees", "text": "MOHALI: Following cash-for-job scam in UT education department, Mohali district police have booked two government teachers, Kewal Chand and Sukhjinder Kaur for getting jobs by submitting fake education degrees.The criminal case under the charges of forgery and cheating against two teachers was registered at Mataur police station on March 30.SHO of PS Mataur, Inspector Devinder Singh, said accused teachers had submitted fake degrees during the counselling of teachers' post and when Punjab Education Board examined these degrees from concerning university in Rajasthan, these were termed fakes. He said a complaint was received in this regard in June, 2011 and a case was registered after throughout investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12513578", "title": "Corporation looks for babu to book tax defaulters", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city corporation plans to write to the government to allot a deputy tahsildar cadre officer from the revenue department for a year on deputation to compile the list of tax defaulters and move property attachment and recovery proceedings against them in the coming days.The corporation at the moment has over 3,000 tax defaulters and is also engaged in legal tussle with over 700 defaulters in its limits. The city corporation as on March 31 achieved 87% property tax collection with Rs 105,61,22,328 against the total demand of 105,61,22,328. The civic body has a balance of Rs 33,38,38,223 to be collected from the defaulters.\"Some of the defaulters are not showing any interest in making the payment. We have no option but to resort to extreme measures to ensure that they pay up,\" said T K Ponnusamy, commissioner, Coimbatore Corporation.Out of the five zones, the west zone topped the tax collection chart with 94% while central and north zones registered 88% and 87% respectively. The total tax collection rate was registered as 84% while south zone managed to collect only 79% of the property tax to be collected by the corporation.\"We will start initiating action against defaulters after compiling their list within a few days. Before revenue recovery act is invoked, we normally severe water and underground drainage connections,\" Ponnusamy added.The city corporation has tied up with 28 banks and has 13 facilitation centres for tax collection in its limits. The highest tax collection percentages were recorded at Saibaba colony and RS Puram in the city. Out of the newly added areas to the corporation limits, ward no 1 and 4 of Thudiyalur registered high tax collection percentage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12512260", "title": "Sec 30 cries out for HUDA attention", "text": "GURGAON: Situated adjacent to the National Highway, Sector 30 is supposed to be one of the plushest areas, housing high-rises like Uniworld City, Jalvayu Towers, and World Spa building among others.But residents complain that the area lacks basic amenities and is in a pathetic state.Broken roads, overflowing sewage, stray animals littering the area - are some of the problems faced by the colony. What's worse, residents say, is the fact that despite complaining to the authorities several times, the sector continues to be in a pathetic state.The sector has over 250 HUDA plots and also plush condominiums but the condition of the area reflects the apathy of the administration.Further, residents alleged that the roads and parks are infested with pigs, thus posing health and safety hazards for the residents. Moreover, several instances where people have been attacked by monkeys have also been reported from Sector 30. This means many that many parents have stopped allowing their kids to go out and play in the colony parks.Rajesh Wadhwa, a resident of Sector 30, added, \"There have been instances of thefts as well and even cars have been stolen from our area. But despite our repeated request that patrolling should be increased especially during night time, authorities seem to have turned a deaf ear.\"Another issue that has been concerning the residents is that of the blocked sewage drain. There is only one sewage pipe in Sector 30 that was laid down when the colony came up. But even though the population of the sector has gone up manifold, no new drainage pipe has been laid down, thus choking the sole pipe in existence.\"We are deprived of the basic amenities even though we are supposed to live in a plush colony. I think the administration should come forward and take active steps in improving the condition of the colony,\" said Deepa Mehta, a resident.When contacted, a HUDA official said that they are attending to the issues faced by the residents. \"Residents can approach the Sector 31 complaint office if they have to report any issue and their problem would be addressed immediately,\" said a HUDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12512206", "title": "Mamata govt showers largesse on state advocates", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government on Monday brought a fresh bill for the welfare of advocates at the expense of taxpayers, without repealing another similar act enacted by the erstwhile Left Front government in 1991, leading to an unexpected windfall for those practicing law.The West Bengal Advocates Welfare Corporation Bill, 2012 and The West Bengal Welfare Fund Act, 1991, both make provisions for insurance, medical and pension.The act passed on Mon-day goes a step ahead to provide advocates a monthly stipend and housing, among others.Due to dual laws, former CPM minister Anisur Rehman urged the state law minister Moloy Ghatak, who tabled the Bill in the Assembly, to send it to a select committee for further deliberations and asking it to complete its report by May 31. This, however, was overturned.Ghatak said the March 23 budget already makes a provision of Rs 14 crore for this and it already has a nod of Governor MK Narayanan.\"The former Act hinged on the financial support of the Bar council while this Bill is completely in the state domain, which will fund it,\" Ghatak said.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had already indicated immediately after the state budget that the government will provide a Rs 1000 monthly stipend to newly enrolled lawyers for a year. She had also indicated that housing and insurance coverage will be some other steps for their welfare.DSP MLA Probodh Sinha said, \"We are not opposed to this move but the government is glossing over some key points in hurry. Under the Advocate Act 1961, not only those enrolled with the Bar Councils are allowed to practice law. By bringing in the clause that these benefits will not apply to anyone not a member of the Bar Council, isn't it going against the spirit of law itself. Moreover, there are some overlapping benefits under the dual laws. Will an advocate benefit from both now? The Corporation as envisaged in the Bill doesn't have the most critical stakeholder - advocates themselves. The Corporation can also acquire land for housing, isn't this against the government's non-acquisition land policy.\"CPM's Anisur Rehman said, \"This Bill has a financial implication yet the Bill circulated today doesn't have the governor's signature - a must. The Corporation has 10 members, not a single advocate or member of the Bar Council. Why this clause that the Corporation's managing committee is can be superseded by the government anytime.\"Ghatak said, \"When this Bill was drafted the financial allocation wasn't known. After Rs 14 crore was allocated for this, the governor has given his assent. The Corporation will be under the state government. On the members of the Corporation board, the suggestions given by members will be incorporated when rules are enacted later.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12513058", "title": "'Need-based support should be given to autistic children'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The World Autism Awareness Day was observed at Bal Punervas Kendra, George Town on Monday. On the occasion, 20 children were identified with learning disabilities, autism and delayed miles stone in speech language assessment done by a rehabilitation team led by Dr Sachin Sinha, neuropsychiatrist, orthotic/prosthic, physiotherapist Dr Vishal Narain Dwivedi, Dr Yashvant Pal, physiotherapist special educator Anktia and Kaushal Kishore, speech language therapist Gulab Singh and occupational therapist Dr Kamlesh and psychologist Anuradha.Coordinator of Bal Punervas Kendra, Gulab Singh, said counselling of the parents has been done with solution of the problem. The behavior modification is must for every child with need based support. In the scale 40 statements which are divided under six domains by observing the child and by interviewing the parents in order to assess autism, he said.The Indian Scale for Assessment of Autism recently has been prepared by the National Trust with the help of ministry of social justice empowerment, New Delhi.Autism, a condition which basically affects the integrated development of a child and his communication and socialising skills, is often ignored by parents, say experts. But simple therapy can help improve the child's condition. Symptoms of autism can be noticed in a child when he is two or three years old, because he show signs of behavioral and speech problem. He may have odd intonation. So, if the therapy is started early, the child might start showing signs of development. But, it has been seen that parents don't even wish to acknowledge that their child is autistic.Experts say, \"Autism is a condition where a child appears to be in his own world. But parents keep denying the condition and some even have peculiar notions about it, like it might spread by touch or that it might be because of the sins of previous birth.\"In Varanasi, the World Autism Awareness Day (WAAD) is being observed on Monday. Ironically, the awareness programmes aimed at sensitizing people about the ways to deal with autism cases were restricted just a seminar hosted at Rathyatra by a private centre extending psychiatric services.It may be mentioned that autism is a developmental disability that remains with a person for his or her whole life. This condition affects the brain's functions. The first signs usually appear before a child is three years old. The persons with autism usually find social interaction difficult and have problems with verbal and non-verbal communication.\"There is a need to combat the unacceptable discrimination, abuse and isolation that people with the disorder and their loved ones face. It is not limited to a particular region and therefore demands global action. Our work with and for people with autism should not be limited to early identification and treatment, it should include therapies, educational plans and other steps that lead towards sustained, lifelong engagement,\" Sanjay Gupta of the department of psychiatry, BHU, said.Stressing the need to promote further research and train non-specialized care providers, Gupta emphasized the basic need to change the mindset and attitude towards autism cases and need to deal with them in sensitive way. They are definitely not the laughing stock of the society and should not be treated as burden. Such persons may be slow learners and beginners but sustained efforts could bring about improvement and change in their conditions, he added.WHO has already identified rising prevalence of autism in many countries around the world with one in 80 children believed to be affected with autism in developed countries, including US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12511992", "title": "2 women hurt in accident", "text": "NASHIK: Two women from the Panchavati area of the city were left injured in a road accident that occurred near Mhasoba Temple on the Nashik-Pune Road on March 31.Shalinitai Patil and Anjana Gunjal of Somvar Peth were crossing the road near the temple at around 5.30pm when a speeding ScorpioSUV hit them. The driver did not stop the vehicle. A complaint has been registered at the Upnagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12512017", "title": "Railways rations water as level in reservoir falls", "text": "NASHIK: The Indian Railways has undertaken rationing of water at Manmad to fight shortage of water as the reservoir near Manmad railway station has hit rock bottom.Indian Railways has its own water storage facility between the railway lines going towards Mumbai and Daund just near Manmad junction. The reservoir has the capacity to hold 60 days' worth of water and de-silting will further increase the capacity.\"The last rotation of water we received was on February 2 and accordingly we believed the water would have been released on April 2. We still have some stock of water, which actually means we were well placed. But since the rotation was earlier rescheduled to April 12, there is a real crisis at Manmad. The collectorate has now faxed us a message saying the rotation of water would be released on April 6 so that water reaches Manmad on April 7,\" divisional assistant engineer, A K Jain said.Trains originating from Manmad require the most amount of water, 22 lakh litres a day, including water for cleaning as well. The requirement is 22 lakh litres of water per day.The Railways has brought in rationing of water, which means that less water will be provided in the trains originating from the point, and water for cleanliness purposes would be cut down without compromising on health issues. Long-distance trains are being fed water at Igatpuri (towards Mumbai), Aurangabad and Bhusawal, wherever required.\"The rationing will help us carry on with our work for the time being.There will be no crisis over water as such as long as the rotation arrives on time. As far as the de-silting issue is concerned, it will take time before the proposal sent to the authorities is sanctioned. Meanwhile, the rotation of water will give us a new lease of life for another sixty days, till the time the monsoon arrives,\" the official said.He added that with rationing of water, the Railways would be able to fulfill some of its needs till the rotation of water is released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12513013", "title": "Protesting jewellers begin signature campaign", "text": "ALLAHABAD: City jewellers under the banner of Prayag Sarrafa Mandal carried a signature campaign on Monday and kept their shutters down for 17th consecutive day to protest against the proposal of leving 1 % excise duty on non-branded jewellery.The jewelers also took out a procession which passed through Chowk, Nakhas Kohna, Shahganj, Ghantaghar and Zero Road.Mandal president Kuldeep Soni said they will fight against the proposal till the government withdraws it. He added that traders know their rights and the signatures collected will be handed over to the President Pratibha Patil .The campaign will continue for next few days. The jewelers and craftsmen involved in jewellery desigining also raised slogans against the Centre and demanded rollback of the excise duty.In city, business worth Rs 22 crore has been affected due to the proposal of the finance minister to levy 1% excise tax, said jewellers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12512048", "title": "Forest dept continues to hold leopard captive", "text": "NASHIK: One week has passed since the mishap where a full grown leapord injured seven people. The animal has now been trapped and is being held captive by forest department officials.The male leopard that had strayed into Makhmalabad Naka on March 26, after being trapped by forest department officials, was to be affixed with a chip within a couple of days of its capture and then released. But a week later the predator continues to remain confined at Nehru Udyan, near Pandavleni.The staff of the forest department informed that they had already placed an order for the chip and some medicines from a company in Pune on March 27 but have still not received the package with the required items.\"We had one chip with us but had to use it for the leopard that was trapped in mid-March in Sinnar. We generally have a couple of chips in our stock,\" said an employee of the forest department. He said that the department has been following it up with the company and the delivery is expected any time.The employee agreed that there have been cases in the past when leopards were kept in cages for months. In one instance a trapped lepaord had been held captive for as long as a year, but the department assured that going forward leopards would not be held captive for long.\"The rules have been flexed with verbal permission being sufficient to release the animal. This time the delay is because we are yet to receive the chip. In a day or two we should be able to release the leopard,\" he said. The animal would be checked by a veterinarian beforeits release, forest staff said. \"As of now, the veterinarian has said that it is fine ,\" they said.Chief Conservator of Forests (Territorial), Nashik, G Saiprakash said dwindling stock would soon be replenished. He assured that the animal would be released at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12515973", "title": "Madras high court reunites runaway son with father", "text": "CHENNAI: A teenager who went missing along with his 37-year-old school teacher but traced in New Delhi after 10 days was permitted to go with his father on Friday.A division bench of the Madras high court comprising Justice K Mohan Ram and Justice G M Akbar Ali decided to set aside a metropolitan magistrate's order to keep the boy in a government-run home, after he expressed his willingness to go along with his father Saravan Kumar.\"When the detenu was produced before this court, he categorically expressed his willingness to go along with the petitioner (father) who is also present before this court today,\" said the bench, adding: \"Since the detenu is a minor, his custody is handed over to the natural guardian petitioner/ father.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12515752", "title": "Kareena to fly from Bangkok for IPL rehersals", "text": "This newspaper had reported about Kareena Kapoor's inclusion at the last moment in the star lineup for a cricket event. Now this diarist can tell you that the organisers are bending backwards to accommodate her schedule, which was in place way before the offer to perform at the opening ceremony.Apparently, Bebo , who is shooting in Bangkok for a shampoo brand, is being ferried to Chennai in a private charter so that she can take part in the rehearsals for a few hours before the show and fly her back to Bangkok again so that she can wrap up he ad shoot. At this rate she'd be clocking more air miles in a few days than even Agent Vinod !", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12516643", "title": "Time to remember Whitney", "text": "Four powerful voices came together to pay tribute to the pop-icon Whitney Houston at Tollygunge Club.Mumbai-based playback singer Swastika Moitra sang the diva's hit number \"I will always love you\" and \"Saving all my love for you\".Anita Basu Mallick, known for her trademark Gospel-style voice, rendered \"Jesus loves me\" and \"Heartbreak hotel\" while Sukanya Ghosh, sang peppy numbers such as \"All the man I need\", \"I wanna dance with somebody\" and \"I have nothing\".Priscilla Corner sang duets such as \"Could I have this kiss forever\" and \"Hold me\" with Rodney Rodrigues.Shamlu Dudeja, Bonani Kakkar and Chitrabhanu were at the event. \"It helped that the audience was wellversed with Whitney. Thus the audience understood the pitch and range and appreciated it,\" said Priscilla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12512711", "title": "Schools crave for basic facilities as RTE completes two years", "text": "iNDORE: Little seems to have changed the school education in the state ever since the Right to Education (RTE) was implemented exactly two years ago. A large number of schools still lack basic facilities as promised under the new constitutional right.Mandatory facilities such as drinking water and separate toilets for girls are still a distant dream for students studying in government schools. According to an annual status of education report prepared by Pratham, a non-profit organisation working in the state, absence of basic facilities in schools pose a hurdle for the proper implementation of the RTE. The organisation had surveyed nearly 1,200 schools covering 10 divisions of the state, of which a detailed report was published recently.It found that though percentage of children of age group 6-14 enrolled in private schools increased in 2011 over 2010, the drop out rate and learning levels of students in standards I and II went up over the same period.\"After implementation of RTE, a slight improvement was seen last year but this year, the figures are showing backward trend. We made a comprehensive survey of the schools including all the parameters and norms of the RTE Act. We provided reading tools in the main medium of instruction in government schools. It was found that the learning levels of students has gone down. A lot has to be done to meet the target given under RTE,\" said Sajjan Singh Shekhawat, state head of the organization.During the survey, it was found that 19.3% schools had no drinking water facility and 24% schools had no toilets. The figures saw an increase in 2011 as compared to the previous year. However, in contrast, the number of students taking tuitions in government and private schools came down among the students from classes I to VIII.According to the Centre and state governments allocation, per child allocation under Sarv Shiksha Abhiyaan has increased manifold. The allocation increased from Rs 1,974 in 2009-10 to Rs 3,694 in 2010-11. In 2011-12, per child allocation stood at Rs 4,194 based on proposed allocation as stated in the annual work plan and budget documents.Budget allocation in 2009-10 was Rs 2,066 crore, which increased to Rs 3,866 crore the next year. \"Teachers received the largest share of SSA resources in past three years. Innovation and learning enhancement programme, community mobilisation and training and management received the lowest prioritisation,\" said Shekhawat.The report found that 78% schools whitewashed their walls and 52% undertook building repair works. In 2010, 41% schools had fewer classrooms than required by RTE. In 2011, 43% schools had fewer classrooms than required. On the other hand, disowning his responsibility on the implementation of the Act principal secretary, Manoj Jhalani, refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12517840", "title": "What happens next in 'Saas Bina Sasural'...", "text": "In the Thursday episode of Saas Bina Sasural, the couple has admitted Toasty in the name of Sujata and they have to immediately take responsibility of an unconscious girl since it was a matter of life and death.After a couple of hit and misses in the hospital... the Chaturvedi family finally finds Toasty in the ICU. The doctor tells them that she has ruptured her nerve in the hospital and is in a coma.He declares 72 hours to be critical for her survival. Tej breaks down and the family prays for her life.Will faith and hope win over science and bring toasty back to consciousness?To know more tune in to Saas Bina Sasural on Thursday at 9:00 pm on Sony Entertainment Television!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12512892", "title": "State women's panel issues notice to Hospital over abandoned girl", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after TOI reported the plight of an eight-day-old girl abandoned in Jodhpur's Umaid Hospital, the Rajasthan State Women's Commission issued a show-cause notice to the hospital administration on Sunday seeking explanation for the goof-up that led to the confusion over baby's biological parents. Commission chairperson Lad Kumari Jain also sought to know measures being taken for the baby's care including milk feed.The letter, addressed to hospital superintendent Dr Narendra Chhangani, was faxed to the hospital early on Sunday morning. The newborn girl has been abandoned in the hospital since her birth eight days ago, and is waiting for a DNA test to identify her biological parents. She was born on the same night when another boy was born in the hospital. Two couples are fighting to claim the boy, saying the babies were switched by the hospital staff.\"After reading the report titled 'Couples fight for newborn boy after abandoning girl' published in TOI on Sunday, the commission took cognizance of the matter and the hospital administration has been sought a detailed explanation over the entire controversy which threatens to spoil the future of an innocent girl,\" Jain told TOI.She added that girl has been deprived of maternal care. \"The milk feeding by mother is important for the baby. She has been denied this right,\" said the chairperson. She added that after receiving the reply from the hospital, the commission would constitute a three-member committee to investigate the entire matter.\"It is a very unfortunate incident and shows how the society is still reluctant to accept the fairer sex. The two couples are fighting for a boy, while an infant girl has been left at the mercy of the hospital staff. Gloom is looming large over the girl's future. Even if the DNA test proves which one of the two couples are her parents, she would never be able to come to the terms with the incident once she is grow up,\" said Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12512157", "title": "Sec 4 residents protests against cracked road", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of Sector 4 have locked horns with the private contractor building the road in their area. The road has developed cracks in many places.HUDA has shelled out over Rs 3 crore on construction of the road that more than a kilometre long, connecting Sector 4 to Dhanwapur, near Sanjay Nagar. HUDA had given the contract recently and the contractor had to build the road within eight months. On Sunday afternoon the Sector 4 RWA general secretary, Amit Arora, pointed out the cracks in the RMC road. \"The making of an RMC road entails a special technique and the cracks go to show the contractor did not follow the technical procedures which make it durable,\" said Arora.The sub-divisional officer went to the spot to look into the complaint and was to prepare a report on the quality of the road construction. A senior HUDA official admitted that the road would be tested in a private laboratory.\"As per specification the road serviceability should be 40 newtons per square cm,\" said the HUDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12513326", "title": "Defence Institute of Advanced Technology scientists to lead national research on nanotech products", "text": "PUNE: Scientists from the city-based Defence Institute of Advanced Technology (DIAT) will lead a Rs 50 crore key national research project for the development of sensors, materials and health care solutions using nano-materials and nano-technology. The products will eventually be delivered to the armed forces.\"The Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) has commissioned this project, which will run over the next five years and involves eight key investigators from our institute,\" DIAT vice-chancellor Prahlada told reporters on Monday.DIAT (formerly Institute of Armament Technology) is an autonomous academic organisation of the Ministry of Defence . It was accorded a deemed university status on April 1, 2006. The institute has since been observing the day as 'Transition Day'. The institute offers M.Tech (200 seats) and Ph.D (50 seats) programmes in various disciplines to newly-recruited scientists from DRDO and defence public sector undertakings as well as officers from the services wings, private industries and civilians.\"The nanotech project team, led by Sangeeta Kale, who heads the applied physics department at DIAT, will use facilities at 10 DRDO labs across the country,\" said Prahlada. \"This will be our flagship project and we aim to present a replicable model of how research can be done by the universities.\"\"The project comes as part of the DRDO's commitment to extend funds of Rs 1,000 crore over the next 10 years to the DIAT to undertake a slew of research projects that can lead to products for use by the three wings of the armed forces, and patents,\" he said.\"The idea is to secure funding up to Rs 100 crore every year for the next 10 years for development of products, research infrastructure and sending DIAT faculty and researchers abroad for advanced studies,\" he added.\"As of now, DIAT receives up to Rs 25 crore as grants in aid from DRDO every year apart from project-specific funds, which take another Rs 40-odd crore,\" he said. \"All research projects are assigned either by the Integrated Defence Staff or the DRDO through its long-term integrated perspective planning document,\" he added.\"Apart from the nanotech project, we have decided to put a major focus on the development of a miniature imaging radar for the unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) and intelligent textiles,\" said Prahlada.Senior scientist and head of electronics engineering department C Bhattacharya, who is leading the miniature radar project, said, \"These radars will be very lightweight, i.e. less than five kg, and will serve as the payload for UAVs to do imaging on ground. We will develop them in the next 18 months.\"\"As part of expanding our global collaborations, we (DIAT) will sign a memorandum of understanding (MoUs) with six major universities in the US, UK, Canada, Israel , Czech Republic and Russia over the next six months,\" Prahlada said.\"These MoUs will mainly focus on joint Ph.D programmes and collaborative research besides joint supervision of students,\" he said. \"The Texas University in US; the Cranfield Defence University in the UK and York University in Canada are some of these institutions,\" he added.Head of materials engineering department K Balasubramanian and DIAT registrar R Premkumar Mishra were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511990", "title": "70% of infant deaths within 30 days of birth", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly 70% of infant deaths (within the first year of birth) in the country in 2010 took place during the first 29 days of life (neonatal).While Jammu &amp; Kashmir has the dubious distiction of leading the list with 82.1% infant deaths being neonatal, it is followed by Maharashtra (78%), Himachal Pradesh (77.5%), Punjab (74.2%), West Bengal (74%), Rajasthan (73.4%) and Madhya Pradesh (70.8%).The Registrar General's latest data Sample Registration System 2010 says India saw nearly 32,000 fewer children dying in 2010 before reaching one month of life, compared to the previous year. This also means 88 fewer deaths per day. But even then, 8.62 lakh children died in 2010 within 29 days of life. This however is just a 3.6% dip from 2009. At the national level, the neonatal mortality rate dipped by just one point to 33 but ranges from 19 in urban areas to 36 in rural areas.Among the bigger states, neonatal mortality ranges from as high as 44 in Madhya Pradesh to 7 in Kerala. Neonatal mortality rate in UP and Odisha was 42, Rajasthan 40, Chhattisgarh 37, Assam and Haryana 33.In comparison, states with lower neonatal mortality included Tamil Nadu 16, Delhi 19, Maharashtra 22, West Bengal 23, Karnataka and Punjab 25. In absolute numbers, UP recorded the highest number of neonatal deaths (2.3 lakhs) followed by Madhya Pradesh (85,000), Bihar (84,000), Andhra Pradesh (45,000) and Maharashtra (42,000). Three states have actually recorded an increase in neonatal deaths - Delhi by 6.6%, Jharkhand 4% and Kerala 1.5%.Himachal Pradesh has recorded the largest dip - 14% in neonatal deaths in 2010 followed by Andhra Pradesh 10.2%, Maharashtra 10%, Gujarat 9.5% and West Bengal 9%. Bihar recorded the lowest dip in neonatal mortality in 2010 over the previous year - 0.1% followed by Assam 0.4%, Karnataka 0.5%, Rajasthan 2.6% and Odisha 3.8%. Under the country's flagship National Rural Health Mission, neonates are now a major focus of child health both for mortality and morbidity reduction.Speaking to TOI, NRHM chief Anuradha Gupta said \"Decline in India's under five mortality rate has been steady and consistent. The Infant mortality rate too has seen a sharp decline in rural areas which is highly encouraging. Neonatal care is now our focus. A new home based new born scheme that we have rolled out will be a real game changer. We are also promoting better child care practices including better hygiene.\"The scheme envisages Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHAs) to visit homes of new mothers six times within 42 days to encourage safe practices and early detection and free referral of sick babies. During this time, ASHAs will have to record the birth weight of the child in the maternal and child protection cards (MCP), immunize newborns with BCG vaccine, the first dose of the oral polio vaccine and the DPT vaccine and make the entries in the MCP card. They will also have to register the births and both the mother and child will have to be safe at the end of the 42nd day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12512454", "title": "Junior vets seekhike in stipend", "text": "PATNA: The junior resident veterinary doctors of Bihar Veterinary College on Monday staged a daylong protest on college campus to press their demand for hike in monthly stipend, which at present stands at Rs 1,500. They blamed the apathetic attitude of the administration of Bihar Veterinary College and Bihar Agricultural University, Sabour, for their plight.They pointed out that their counterparts in allopath and ayush streams are getting Rs 25,000 as monthly stipend since April 1, 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511723", "title": "Court to frame charges in Amboli case on April 27", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly six months after two youths were knifed to death in Andheri while protesting against the harassment of their female friends, a Sewree sessions court has scheduled the case for framing of charges against four persons.The four accused, Jitendra Rana, Sunil Bodh, Satish Dulhaj and Dipak Tival, informed the court that they had engaged lawyers to defend them.On October 20, 2011, Keenan Santos (24) and Reuben Fernandez (29) were knifed outside a restaurant following a scuffle in Amboli. The duo was standing near a paan stall near the restaurant when a group of men started harassing their female friends. When the duo protested, they were attacked. Keenan died soon after the incident, while Reuben succumbed to his injuries on October 31.The incident led to a public outcry. The police arrested the four accused and booked them for murder and eve-teasing.In January, the police filed a 416-page charge sheet before the Andheri metropolitan magistrate. The police have recorded the statements of 21 witnesses, including some pedestrians and passersby. The police also conducted an identification parade in which some of the eyewitnesses recognized the four accused. The metropolitan magistrate subsequently committed the case to the sessions court.The framing of charges will pave the way for a trial to commence in the case. The police have said they have strong evidence against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12513661", "title": "SMC starts census of street vendors", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has taken up a gigantic task of organizing tens of thousands of street vendors, including paanwallas, fruit vendors, food joint stalls and other roadside eateries in the city.The civic body has hired a private agency to carry out a survey of street vendors in the city under the national street vendor policy of the Central government in order to regulate street vending in the city.The survey would cover all vendors and some basic information about them like the number of years they have been in the trade and their income etc. This is necessary to ensure that the benefits under the national street vendor policy reach the targeted sections and not those who also take up vending anticipating assistance from the government.Early last year, the Centre for Environment Planning and Technology (CEPT) team had studied around 24 major locations in the city, including the weekly shanivari bazaar, to find out the number of street vendors. It is estimated that the city has roughly 40,000 vendors.While street vending is increasingly seen as a major menace in urban areas compounding the traffic problems, the national policy aims at giving street vendors a legal status and providing legitimate vending and hawking zones in the city.Sources said the survey is set to cover all the street vendors operating in the city. Once the civic body would get an estimate of number of vendors in Surat and the area used by them, there would be an exact idea of space required for the street vendors in organizing them in certain area and the numbers of vendors who can be accommodated.\"Since the street vendors are unaware of the scheme, they were wary to share information fearing that they would not be allowed to operate. But, the civic officers are spreading awareness about the policy devised by the central government and its benefits for their long term survival,\" an SMC officer said.As per the national policy, street vendors being micro-entrepreneurs, will be provided with vocational education and training and entrepreneurial development skills to upgrade their technical and business potential so as to increase their income levels as well as to look for more remunerative alternatives, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12513611", "title": "Victim\u2019s wife, son-in-law admitted at CMCH", "text": "COIMBATORE: While the health department officials still claim that the death of 75-year-old farmer afflicted with H1N1 on Saturday in the city was an isolated case, two immediate family members of the victim was admitted to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) late Monday evening after they complained of slight fever, throat irritation and body ache. They are expected to be tested for H1N1 infection on Tuesday.\"We came to get my mother-in-law tested for H1N1 as she is old and also complained of throat ache and slight fever. But, since I also have slight fever, we have been asked to get admitted today and the test will be conducted tomorrow,\" said M Vetrivel, son-in-law of C Kandasamy, who died of H1N1 infection here late Saturday evening.M Vetrivel (29), a Bangalore-based software engineer, and his mother-in-law Kaveri (60) arrived at the CMCH at around 4pm on Monday. After an initial round of check up at the casualty section, the doctors ordered for their admission to the hospital and further tests to be conducted on them to confirm whether they were infected with the disease.Meanwhile, health department officials have taken down the names of five youths who came to Vetrivel's wedding on February 26. The Dharapuram deputy health services department is expected to pass on their details to their counterparts in Bangalore to confirm whether they are carriers of H1N1 infection. The five youth have been identified as Stallone Brito, Eashwaran, Krishna, Anto and Dinesh, all staying at a rented accommodation in Venkateswara Layout near Madiwala in Bangalore.Health department officials claimed that both Kaveri and Vetrivel had minimum chances of being infected with the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12512681", "title": "No special birthday bash for Ajay Devgn", "text": "PATIALA: Contrary to expectations of a grand party with his relatives and family members, Bolllywood star Ajay Devgn preferred to celebrate his 43rd birthday with all crew members of his home production 'Son of Sardar' movie, the shooting for which has been going in Patiala for last many days.Ajay Devgn's daughter Nyasa, his mother-in-law Tanuja and sister-in-law Tanisha had reached Patiala on Saturday morning while his wife Kajol along with her son Yug also reached Patiala on Sunday evening to celebrate the birthday.Sources said the family also didn't have any plans for a big party in the evening here in Neemrana hotel, where all have put up. Last night also all family had their usual dinner and instead of any outing Ajay preferred to spend time with his wife Kajol and children inside the hotel.On Monday morning all left the hotel at around 8 am. First all of them went to Gurudwara Dukhniwaran Sahib and then paid obeisance at Kali Devi temple and later around 9.30 am they reached Quila Mubarak, where shooting has been going for last many days.The Devgn family had placed an order for a big birthday cake, which was prepared by Chef Negi Ram Sharma. It was delivered on Monday morning in Quila Mubark, where Ajay cut the cake and celebrated his birthday with all crew members and his family.\"The total weight of the pineapple cake is 21 pounds. Our chef prepared it in 5 hours. We don't have any order to arrange any big party in the evening as Ajay wanted to celebrate only with his crew members,\" said a source in the hotel.Sources said Sonakashi Sinha will come to Patiala after April 5 while Sanjay Dutt is also expected to reach Patiala within some days and Ajay will stay in Patiala till April 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12513422", "title": "No concessional online railway tickets for physically challenged", "text": "NAGPUR: Physically challenged people get benefits of concessions in government jobs and at other places, but they are not so lucky when it comes to booking a railway ticket online.Physically challenged persons get fare concessions, have special reservation counters at railway stations and even special coaches on trains, but get no concessions while booking an e-ticket.Based on several complaints from physically-challenged passengers, Avinash Prabhune, a city activist involved with consumer rights and RTI, had raised the issue with R K Malhotra, joint general manager (HRD), Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC), an arm of the Indian Railways handling online ticketing operations.Replying to the complaint that was made on May 7, 2011, IRCTC officials didn't seem positive. \"A large number of suggestions are coming for updating of the system. Changes in our system are an ongoing activity and are implemented subject to technical and administrative feasibility. Kindly cooperate and live with the options presently available to serve you better,\" wrote an IRCTC official to Prabhune.Not satisfied with the reply, Prabhune had taken up the matter with the Railway Board on May 16, 2011. A reply received after nine months from the office of Suhas Kumar, adviser, freight marketing directorate, closed the complaint. It said, \"All persons including physically challenged persons can book full fare tickets through the internet. However, where concessional tickets purchase is involved, the facility of e-ticketing has not been extended to cases where physical document is to be verified at the time of booking before extending the concession.\"The Railway Board said this measure is taken to minimize the chances of misuse of electronic reservation slip.However, Prabhune says e-ticket booking facility is more essential for physically challenged persons than others. \"If senior citizens get concession while booking the e-ticket, why not physically challenged?\" he asked.Deepak Ambarkhane, whose child is physically challenged, said it took nine months for the Railway Board to reply. \"This simply demonstrates how badly the grievance redressal systems in the railways work,\" he said.\"In the new system, the railways have added to our woes by demanding civil surgeon's certificate along with pro forma required for getting the concession,\" Ambarkhane said.Prabhune says the Railway Board logic of misuse of e-ticket in case of physically challenged passengers is weird. \"This can happen with concessional passengers like senior citizens too,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12513710", "title": "First day first show at school", "text": "LUDHIANA: Monday was a day packed with excitement, curious questions and even tears as tiny tots in the city went to school for the first time ever. While some were fascinated by their new schoolbags and water bottles, teachers and toys, others wailed as their parents left them at the school gate. But it was not just the 2 and 3-year-olds who had a full day, parents and teachers also experienced an emotional roller coaster as they handled the little ones. Some parents suffered anxiety pangs and chose to hang around outside the school the whole day while others steeled themselves and handed over their ward to the teachers.Model Town-resident Sunita Verma said her daughter began crying loud as she left her in the classroom. ''So I preferred to stay around and let her get used to the new environment,'' said Sunita. But Meenakshi Chadha of Sarabha Nagar, who let the teachers handle her son, said, ''I didn't have the heart to leave him but he will have to attend school without me one day and I think the earlier will be the better.''Headmistress of BCM Arya Model Senior Secondary School P K Oberoi said they had braced themselves up for the first day at school. ''We know from experience that kids cry a lot and miss home for the first couple of days so we had assigned extra teachers in each classroom,'' she said. Harpreet Kaur, principal of Ryan International School, Dugri, said teachers are always on their toes on the first day of school. ''We don't keep the little ones for too long in the initial days and let them get acquainted to the environment,'' she added.Rising Star School, Haibowal, principal Sonia Sharma said they also increase the number of hours at school for nursery kids gradually as they learn to stay without their parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12513056", "title": "Prisoner 'linked to Babbar Khalsa' gives cops the slip", "text": "NEW DELHI: An undertrial prisoner, allegedly part of the Babbar Khalsa outfit, managed to escape while he was on his way for a court hearing in Bhatinda. The prisoner, Baljinder Singh, had been lodged in Tihar Jail and was on his way to Bhatinda in the custody of Delhi police officials.Three police officers have been suspended and a probe has been ordered.\"Singh had been charged under the MCOCA and we had handed him over to Delhi Police for production in a Punjab court. On his way there, he managed to escape. As he was not in the custody of jail officials any more, no jail official has been held accountable for the escape. We are still awaiting an official communication from Delhi Police on his escape,\" said a senior jail official to TOI.(With TOI inputs from Bhatinda)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12512916", "title": "Burglars break into house, decamp with cash &amp; jewellery worth Rs 25 lakh", "text": "JAIPUR: Burglars broke into the house of a property dealer in Mansarovar's Sumer Nagar extension area on Sunday and escaped with cash and jewellery worth Rs 25 lakh. The property dealer and his family had gone for the last rites of his father at his elder brother's house. The burglary came to light on Sunday night when the family returned and found the house completely ransacked.According to the police, the burglary took place at the house of one Mohan Lal Saini. \"He is a property dealer. His father Bhanwar Lal Saini had died and the family had left to attend the last rites,\" said a police officer.While Mohan Lal left for Haridwar, other family members were at the house of his elder brother Munna Lal Saini, police said.The officer added that when some of the family members returned home on Sunday night, they found the locks broken. When they went inside they found that the locks of almirahs in various rooms were also broken and the rooms had been ransacked.\"The family members say that Rs 2.25 lakh and other valuables were stolen,\" said the officer. A forensic examination of the spot has been conducted; however, the police are yet to find clues about the burglars.\"Some habitual burglars are under the police scanner. An FIR has been registered by the victim. Further investigation is on,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12513474", "title": "Businessman\u2019s home may be sold for dues", "text": "NAGPUR: A prominent residential property located in a posh area of city is expected to come under the hammer during the coming days.Liquidators of the now defunct Samata Sahakari Urban Cooperative Bank have firmed up plans to auction the sprawling 10,000 square feet bungalow at Byramji Town belonging to Vijay Kher of M/s Wox Coolers. The firm, credited with introducing a uniquely designed desert cooler in the city and that once was a household name, is also a major defaulter of this bank.The bank has won the case against the borrower in Supreme Court. The verdict came in June 2011 after which the state's department of cooperatives began planning the auction of Kher's bungalow in Byramji town that he currently occupies.The department will be evoking the Securitization Act. Although it could have been done earlier, the department preferred to get district collector's help in the matter. \"In order to avoid any obstruction to the process, the Securitization Act provides putting an application before the collector to provide assistance in the taking over a defaulter's property,\" said a source in the department. A hearing is now scheduled with the collector on April 10.The department decided to take collector's help as defaulter is an influential person. The auction is expected to fetch a sizeable amount to clear a major part of the dues, said the source. District Collector Saurabh Rao said there were several cases under the Securitization Act put up before him but said there was little chance of any request being turned down. The cooperatives department is relying on a Bombay high court decision asking collectors to help in such cases, added the official.A criminal case is already pending against Kher for allegedly defrauding the bank. During court proceedings, the party maintained that the loan amount was already repaid which was proven wrong, said the source.The bank's closure left many depositors in the lurch. The disbursal of insurance compensation through the amount received from Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation ( DICGC) is nearing completion.As the scheme provides full cover upto 1 lakh, all except 1,590 depositors will get their entire money back. However, the 1,590 depositors having more than 1 lakh dues each hold up to 60 crore in the bank. Of this, 22 are credit cooperative societies whose finances are now at risk.Even as the liquidator is going ahead with selling off depositors' assets, the bank has securities worth only 10 crore against loans of 118 crore. There have beencases of frauds against several borrowers and many of them are on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12511620", "title": "Assessment duty: Nine teachers sweat it out, 31 were assigned", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In Umiya Educational Institute campus in Sola, nine teachers are slogging it out, assessing 7,500 English medium papers of Business Administration subject of HSC (general) stream since March 19. The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) had issued orders for assessment work to 31 teachers.\"Of these, only 12 reported for paper checking duty. Later, three teachers bunked their duty midway, leaving only nine with the job of assessing more than 7,000 papers,\" said an official.Obviously, the nine teachers, all of whom belong to grant-in-aid schools, are crying foul saying that they are saturated with assessment work and need replacements to give them a breather. Board rules say that each teacher should put in maximum 15 to 20 days of assessment work. However, for these teachers, the paper correction work will continue for 30 to 35 days if all the 7,500 answer sheets are to be assessed.Teachers, on condition of anonymity, say that they have written several representations to the district education officer and GSHSEB to ensure that teachers from private and other English medium schools are roped in to relieve them of duty, but to no avail.Sources say that with tired teachers continuing with the correction work, risk of incorrect assessment becomes manifold. \"If tired teachers are correcting papers, they are prone to errors. Board should ensure that all teachers fulfill their responsibility instead of burdening a couple of teachers,\" said a member of the teacher's association.This year, English medium self-financed schools have invited ire of the board by not sending their teachers for correction work. Officials now confess that strict action is must to reverse the pathetic situation where paper correction is being done by 50-odd per cent of the teachers, while the rest remain conspicuous by their absence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12512744", "title": "Jalandhar municipal corporation polls in May, Bhagat says", "text": "JALANDHAR: With bitter infighting on in the opposition Congress, the SAD-BJP government has announced to hold the municipal corporation elections in May. These polls are being scheduled around three months before the completion of the term of the MC House as the last elections were held in August, 2007.Local bodies minister Chunni Lal Bhagat, during his felicitation here on Tuesday by Jalandhar mayor Rakesh Rathor, said that the elections would be held in May so that the corporation could have a fresh mandate for undertaking development works with full vigour.He said that reservation of women's ward would be done through rotation.Sources in SAD-BJP revealed that the real motive of advancing the MC elections was that the impact of formation of the SAD-BJP government was still fresh in the minds of the people and there was no negativity in the electorate as of now about the new government.\"Above all Congress leaders are out with knives against each other and are baying for each other's blood. They are hurling serious allegations against each other which would provide enough ammunition to the SAD-BJP to take it to the people,\" said a senior SAD leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511407", "title": "Govt's responsibility to provide security to every individual: Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Monday said it was the government's responsibility to provide security to every citizen and personal guards should not be treated as part of VIP status, reacting to TOI report showing how police paraphernalia was biased towards protecting powerful individuals.Asked to comment, AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said, \"In a democratic system, every citizen's security is government's responsibility, and the Centre and states should discharge it.\"According to home ministry, there are three cops for every VIP in contrast to one cop for 761 ordinary citizens. It tilts the security set up heavily in favour of some individuals while leaving gaps in the security of the common man.While expressing concern over the lopsided equation, Tewari cautioned against treating all situations as similar. He said there were many states witnessing secessionist movements, naxalism and militancy, and individuals opposing them faced security threat. \"If security is given to such people who fight inimical forces, it is to strengthen the democratic system,\" he said.He, however, added, \"We strongly believe people should not be given security just out of VIP syndrome.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12513622", "title": "Delegation from UK visits DCM School", "text": "LUDHIANA: In order to foster a deeper understanding of the Indian education system and facilitate a study exchange programme aimed at enhancing the quality of education in the K-12 segment between India and Britain, a group of head teachers drawn from various schools in UK visited DCM Presidency School, Jamalpur.The teachers from UK had a productive interaction with the students, members of the faculty and the school management leading to various mutually agreed global educational partnerships and programmes.Leading the delegation, Margaret Jackson , head teacher, Ladymount Catholic Primary School, Merseyside, Wirral, said, ''It was indeed a pleasure to be able to interact with such a dedicated team of teachers and staff who are totally committed to the cause of dissemination of education.'' Jackson said their visit had proved to be immensely productive and they had realised that the infrastructure and the advanced facilities provided to the students of the school could match the best across the globe.Lauding the system of assessment launched by CBSE in schools, Jackson said it was imperative that the educators provide ample opportunities and exposure to the students so that they do not only excel academically but also become global citizens who can keep pace with this Technologically fast evolving world. She said, ''We are taking back lot of beautiful memories and new ground-breaking practices being adopted in this part of the globe.''On the occasion, teacher Mark Whitehill gave a detailed talk about the British system of education. He also motivated the teachers to understand and empathise with the needs of the students and deal with them compassionately keeping in view their abilities and nature.The visiting delegation exchanged several ideas related to the education of the young children.Whitehill said, ''It's a great honour to be associated with DCM School. We look forward to an enriching relationship with this group of schools which has served the cause of education for the last more than six decades.''Sunil Kumar, vice-principal, gave a presentation on the innovative practices being adopted in the school and also its achievements in the short span of three years. Kumar said, ''DCM Presidency School is among the 10 schools selected from India for study exchange programme with the schools in UK.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12511491", "title": "Govt to suspend 411 mining trading licences", "text": "PANAJI: Stepping up pressure on illegal mining, the government on Monday decided to temporarily suspend around 411 mining trading licences to identify bogus traders. Department of mines and geology will issue the suspension letters on Tuesday, sources said.\"We will direct ore traders to submit documents and if they fail to produce these, we will cancel their trading licences. Genuine traders will not be affected by this exercise,\" said government sources present at a high level meeting chaired by chief minister Manohar Parrikar .Licences of only those traders who have a legal tie-up with a mine owner or lease holder will be renewed. All other traders, who are unable to show the source of the ore, are likely to lose their licences.Mining traders are different from mine owners. Mine owners who have export licences will not be affected by the suspension of trading licences.From P1Only those traders in ore, who do not have mining concessions, will be hit by this move.Mines department had issued around 411 trading licenses to exporters of iron ore from the state.Parrikar held Monday's meeting in order to streamline mining activity in the state. The meeting was attended by members of the Goa Minerals Ore Exporters Association, mine owners and officials of the department of mines and geology.The Shah commission probing illegal mining in the state had pointed out during its inquiry that a majority of the traders are involved in illegal mining activities. The commission had also pointed out that some traders had furnished bogus addresses, and had then directed the home department to trace the traders.The government also decided to inspect all 90 working mines to check violations and identify dumps in the particular mines.\"We have decided to develop a mechanism to inspect all working mines. Two inspection teams, one in each district will be constituted to check the violations, the team will consist of officials from the mines and other departments,\" sources said.Government officials said this will help separate fake operators from the genuine ones in the state.The government is also likely to propose a moratorium on new trucks. \"If transport department wants to register new trucks for mining purposes then transport department will have to get a NOC (no objection certificate) from the mines department before registering the vehicle,\" sources said.Government is also planning to come out with a comprehensive mining policy by the end of May sources said.It has also decided to regulate mining transport activities in south Goa. \"Initially we have decided to regulate mining transport in Rivona and Cavrem,\" sources said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12512115", "title": "Circle rates hiked by as much as 15%", "text": "GURGAON: In a move to bring down the gap between the \"white\" and \"black\" money paid while purchasing a property, the Gurgaon administration has enhanced the collector rates (or circle rates) for registration of property by up to 15%, effective from this financial year.Collector rates are the minimum floor rate one needs to pay in order to register a property. In order to bring some parity in the upmarket residential and commercial areas with the district administration has decided to bring in a balance in the hikes by increasing marginally in areas where the circle rates are already high and increasing up to 15% in areas where there is scope.This, according to market analysts, would be a boost to the genuine home buyers in more than one way.According to Ramesh Menon, a real estate analyst and founding director, Certes Realty Ltd, the overall prices might not be affected greatly by increasing the circle rates. \"By increasing the white component in a property, the home buyer would be able to borrow higher amounts. Also, with the market being driven largely by investors, increasing the circle rates will encourage genuine home buyers,\" explained Menon.Added Santosh Kumar, CEO - Operations, Jones Lang LaSalle India, that there might be immediate apprehensions about the prices but in the long run, hiking circle rates would only bring in more transparency.\"Property rates are more based on the demand and supply rather than simply circle rates. For a home buyer in the primary sales market will have to shell out extra after the stamp duty and registration fee are hiked. However, for the secondary sale market, this revision in circle rates would be a slight deterrent for the seller as he will have to show and pay tax on a higher white component,\" said Kumar.Nevertheless, some speculated that instead of hiking the circle rates, the state government should rein in some regulatory mechanism to cap the abnormal hike in property prices.\"It is good to say that by hiking circle rates, the government would bridge the gap between the speculative market rates and government rates. However, this only reinstates the over-priced real estate market and benefits the builders' lobby. The state should bring in a regulator to put a cap on prices and bring in an alternative market of government-owned plots by HUDA. It should promote concepts such as budget homes for the common man,\" said Bhawani Shankar Tripathi, governing member, Mission Gurgaon Development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12512133", "title": "7 cops beaten up by villagers", "text": "GURGAON: Seven policemen were beaten up mercilessly by villagers after they failed to stop cow smugglers early on Monday morning at the Kaliyawas village police barrier. After driving away the policemen the villagers also blocked the Gurgaon-Badli road near Makdola village.After getting assurance from ACP (Sadar) Krishna Murari that action will be taken against the cops, the villagers ended the road blockade. Sources said that all the seven cops were suspended on the charge of dereliction of duty and transferred to Police Lines, Gurgaon. Police officials did not confirm the cops' suspension and transfer yet.According to the police, the incident took place at the Kaliyawas village police barrier around 3am on Monday. The barrier was installed for the prevention and detection of crime by the Gurgaon crime branch near Kaliyawas village of Farrukhnagar. At this barrier seven cops were deployed. They were EASI Chander Singh, Raghunath, constable Naresh, Dinesh, Sudesh, Roshan, Mahipal and Vijay.According to the villagers, six to seven cow smugglers were rushed to the village in a max open jeep late on Sunday night. When villagers wanted to know the reason, they could not give a satisfactory answer and started to flee from the village. In the meantime, on the doubt, two villagers followed them on a bike, and were hit by stones thrown from the jeep by the cow smugglers.The villagers on the bike then took the help of a truck driver who was in a dhaba on the way. The truck driver helped them give chase in his truck but cops stopped the truck at the barrier and helped the cow smugglers escape %easily.That enraged the villagers who went on the rampage and beat up the policemen. The rest of the police force fled the spot. Some hours after that, the villagers sat on a dharna on the Gurgaon-Badli road, causing a massive traffic jam.When police reinforcements reached the spot and the ACP spoke to them, villagers agreed to end their blockade. Meanwhile, villagers also alleged that cattle theft had increased in the area and police were not lodging any complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12512603", "title": "HC notice to Centre, BCCI over India-SL cricket ties", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Monday ordered notice to the Union government and the Board of Cricket Control of India (Bon a public interest litigation (PIL) seeking a direction to cancel all international cricket matches slated to be played between India and Sri Lanka in future, until all disputes are settled in the ethnic crisis between Tamils and Sinhalese, and until total peace prevails in the Bay of Bengal.The Bench comprising Justice R Banumathi and Justice B Rajandran gave the directive to file their reply to the PIL on April 16. In his PIL, S Calvin Christopher, an advocate, sought a direction to the BCCI not to sign any contract for international matches where the Indian team is pitted to play against Sri Lanka. According to the petitioner, it is a well-known fact that Indian fishermen are continuously attacked and killed by the Lankan navy in the Bay of Bengal due to the ethnic crisis. After the cricket world cup final in April 2011, the Sri Lankan navy personnel attacked the Indian fishermen with cricket bats as a retaliatory measure. Due to this, four Tamil-speaking men were killed.The petitioner also claimed, \"In the recently-concluded triangular series in Australia, the Sri Lankan team was defeated by the Indians. As a result of the victory, Indian fishing boats were destroyed and fishermen were attacked. The killing of Tamil fishermen has gone unabated.\"The petitioner also alleged that the state government granted Rs 3 crore to the victorious Indian team for winning the world cup. Further, an amount of Rs 1 crore was given to Tamil Nadu cricketer R Ashwin, who did not even play the finals, whereas, the families of Tamil fishermen have received approximately Rs 3 lakh or below for each death, which is deplorable. The life of a Tamil fisherman seems to be cheap, compared to the gallantries of a non-playing cricketer in the eyes of the Tamil Nadu government, he contended.The petitioner further submitted that all future cricket matches in which India and Sri Lanka are slated to play must be put on hold until an amicable settlement is arrived between both Tamils and Sinhalese.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12512891", "title": "Shivpal pulls up cops for Etahwah firing", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after three persons were killed in police firing following a clash at Brahmani Devi Mandir in Etawah's Balrai village, cabinet minister Shivpal Yadav on Monday visited the trouble-hit place to take a first hand idea of the ground realities.With a train of local leaders and the district machinery, Shivpal visited the family members of Munna Lal Yadav, Girind Yadav and Deepak, who were killed in the police firing. Accompanied by additional director general (law and order and crime) Jag Mohan Yadav, he also visited the injured undergoing treatment at the Saifai hospital. The PWD minister also spoke to the locals and offered sympathies to the petty traders in the region, who had to suffer due to the violence.Apart from their complaints of police targeting the innocent devotees, the locals also told the minister that the local temple priest has a self-raised posse of armed goons with him. When they opened fire, no policemen were present at the site. \"And, when the police came, they started firing indiscriminately. While the mischief mongers had fled the scene, innocent fell prey to the police bullets,\" said a senior citizen of the area talking to the minister.Thereafter, the minister also met the senior officials supervising the police action in the region and directed them to ensure prompt action against all those involved in the incident, including the policemen.Later speaking to reporters, Shivpal said, \"Police firing has to be the last resort, when it comes to taming a violent mob. The police must resort to lathicharge to disperse the violent mob, then take to lobbing tear gas shells and then fire rubber bullets. After exhausting all these options, the police should fire, aiming the lower-half of the body, as the intention behind such firing is always to destabilise the violent mob rather than to kill the individuals.\" He said that the government was duty bound to ensure proper and unbiased police investigations into the case and bring those responsible for the violence, to book.Three persons were killed and nine others wounded including the incharge of Balrai police station, in the violent clashes that started as a fist-fight between two groups of locals following a dispute over who will hoist the flag first on top of the temple dome. The tradition of hoisting the flag on the temple has been a century-old exercise at the temple on every Ram Navami. A huge mela is also held on the occasion and thousands of local villagers including men, women and children visit the site. Apart from the first flag on top of the main dome, the rest of the devotees hang their flags on bamboo trees and other structures around the temple dome.Sunday's incident also made Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav upset, and he pulled up the government over Etawah firing. According to Mulayam's close aides, the SP chief who is down with fever, gave a 'piece of advice' to his son and Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav and told him to personally to make efficient policing and better law and order as his priority.Mulayam, who is known for his soft corner for Etawah, spent some time on Sunday evening discussing the matter with Akhilesh Yadav and brother and Shivpal Yadav.Senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader Premlata Katiyar too reached the trouble hit areas and spoke to the victim families. Demanding an ex-gratia relief of Rs 10 lakh to the kin of each of the deceased, she held the ruling Samajwadi Party government in the state responsible for the blood bath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12515399", "title": "Bittoo Boss bows to censor", "text": "That producer Kumar Mangat is happy Bittoo Boss got a Parental Guidance rating from the censor board, we had reported.Once again, he has managed to tide over trouble about a track sung by Mika with original lyrics, \"Bittoo sabki lega....photo\". The censor board objected to these lyrics, saying they lend themselves to double meaning. Immediately, producer Abhishek Pathak, who is Kumar Mangat's son, along with music composer Raghav Sachar, changed the lyrics of the song to \"Bittoo sabki photo lega\" and recorded it in Sachar's voice before re-approaching the censor board. On Friday last week, the rehashed number was approved, Mirror has learnt. After which, no time was lost in getting Mika to sing it.Raghav Sachar told Mirror, \"The song was on YouTube when censor disapproved it. For the TV promos, we manipulated the lyrics from 'Bittoo sabki lega...photo' to 'Bittu sabki photo lega'. As soon as the song was passed, I rushed to Haryana to Mika's farmhouse to record the new version. We will be soon releasing it on channels. The Internet version will remain the same.\"Said Mika, \"We have turned the lyrics so there is no scope for double meaning. The new version sounds as good though. I have always been lucky for Viacom. Whenever they've made a promotional video, they've featured me.\"So far, the song is not part of the film and is being used only for promotion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511519", "title": "Won't undermine India's energy security: US", "text": "NEW DELHI: With India significantly reducing its oil imports from Iran, the US too has taken a more conciliatory position towards New Delhi. In her first visit to India as undersecretary of state Wendy Sherman on Monday said the US would not undermine India's energy security.\"Let me correct the record,\" she told an audience at the Aspen Institute , India. India and the US, she said, share fundamental goals when it comes to Iran - both want regional stability, and seek to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon.Sherman met foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai, preparing for the Indo-US strategic dialogue in June, when S M Krishna is expected to travel to Washington. Sherman also met national security adviser Shivshankar Menon and BJP leader, L K Advani .In their conversations with senior US officials, Indian officials made it clear that publicly flogging India regarding Iran would have little effect except to feed the perception that bilateral ties were on a downward slope. Indians stressed that the US approach was \"unhelpful\", when the reality was a lot more complex that the \"with-us-or-against-us\" approach which Washington seemed to be taking.Following US sanctions against Iran's oil sector, India, one of Iran's biggest customers, has been steadily reducing its imports from Iran, although maintaining the rhetoric that Tehran remained a big supplier. According to government sources, India has brought down its imports from 12% in 2010 to 10.4% in March, 2012. A part of the decision to bring down imports has been India's inability to pay for Iranian oil. But India is equally clear that despite its reductions in imports, it would also not apply to Washington for exemption from the sanction.In the past few months, Iran has been a huge hurdle in Indo-US ties. While Washington has obliquely threatened sanctions against Indian entities, New Delhi has sent trade delegations to Iran to explore trade avenues, a move which received adverse press in Washington. India has fought to maintain its ties with Iran in the face of significant US pressure. The dissonance between New Delhi and Washington on Iran has gone up to very high levels.That explains the importance of a public \"hug\" between US President Barack Obama and Manmohan Singh in Seoul .In her remarks, Sherman said though \"hard choices would have to be made\", Washington \"understands India's interest in Iran, long-standing civilizational ties, use of Iran as a gateway to Central Asia, etc.\" But, she added, international concerns about what Iran is doing are also \"legitimate\". Reminding the audience the India voted with the US against Iran four times in the IAEA, Sherman said the US-India relationship was based on substance, not rhetoric. Bilateral trade between US and India would cross $100 billion this year, she said.Why does the US-India relationship matter? she asked, dismissing talk about a \"drift\" in the relationship. \"In every strategic area, the interests of the US and India converge. This doesn't mean we're in an alliance but does mean partnership. The differences (between US and India) are tactical rather than substantive,\" she said.Trying to assuage Indian concerns about the US exiting Afghanistan , Sherman said Washington was determined not to let the war-torn country become a safe haven for terrorists. Pushing a new initiative first articulated by Obama at the 2011 East Asia Summit, Sherman said the US was interested in making India a partner, whereby both countries could mobilize quickly address humanitarian or peacekeeping operations together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12511918", "title": "Gyms do healthy business as Hyderabad basks in fitness fad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Rising fitness awareness among denizens has ensured that the business of gymnasiums is in the pink of health. Gyms in the city are doing brisk business with big names from across the country and world branching out and many new local gyms coming up in every locality. With profit margins of around 45% and a consistent 10% to 30% growth in annual income and clientele, city gym officials say their business has shown consistent improvement in the last two years.The well-known Talwalkar's Gym, which currently has six branches in the city, opened four of its branches in the last one year with the most recent one being at AS Rao Nagar in January this year. Also, the management of Powerhouse Gym, a USA-based franchise located in 15 countries which already has a branch in Mumbai announced its plans to set up a branch in Hyderabad.Dawood Khan, manager, Talwalkar's Jubilee Hills and Banjara Hills said, \"We have seen a 20% growth in the number of clients and annual turnover compared to last year. Each branch has around 500 clients and an annual income of above Rs 1 crore. We are now planning to open another branch in Gachibowli.\" He further added, \"The growth rate in Hyderabad is better compared to other cities in the country as there is immense scope for improvement here since the growth has just begun.\"Anil Kumar , marketing manager at Gold's Gym, another franchise which opened here two years ago said, \"Our annual revenue has crossed the Rs 50 lakh mark and there has been a 10% rise in these figures since last one year. Once we open our new branch in Jubilee Hills, we expect it to reach 30%, which is far better than compared to other cities. So far, 800 people have joined the gym. Every year, this number increases by around 100 but this year, it has gone up by 200.\" He cited the improved awareness as the reason for rising number of gyms in the city.The case is the same with other city gyms too. Snap Fitness, Madhapur has recorded a profit of 40% in the first year itself and already boasts of over 1500 clients. The management of Snap Fitness said that another branch at Kukatpally is on the cards. Meanwhile, Burn Fitness Port, which opened in Secunderabad in December 2011, already has 500 clients and a profit margin of 45% in the first three months.The local gyms are not far behind with several new ones coming up in various areas while many existing gyms were renovated recently to compete with the better-equipped gyms. \"In the past one year, I have seen at least 20 new gyms come up in various parts of the city. Around four new gyms have come up in Marredpally and five in Sainikpuri,\" said Apurva Malewar, a fitness enthusiast. Prabhakar Reddy, owner of Universal Gym which has three branches in the city said, \"The Dilsukhnagar branch was renovated six months ago and divided into three large sections, non-AC, cardio training and aerobics only for ladies. I have noticed at least six new gyms in the Dilsukhnagar-Malakpet area recently. I am planning to set up a branch in Himayatnagar soon as the demand there is rising and competition is fierce.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12512945", "title": "Army allows Royal Western India Turf Club to use bund school", "text": "PUNE: The Local Military Authority (LMA) has allowed the Royal Western India Turf Club (RWITC) to use the bund school located on the general parade ground to train young colts, as a 'goodwill gesture'.The move comes after the RWITC withdrew the writ petition it had filed against the LMA in the Bombay high court, regarding a dispute over the use of land that was extended on lease to the RWITC.The Army Southern Command issued a release stating that a meeting was held between the committee members of the RWITC and the LMA, Pune, on March 31. \"A large number of issues were raised by the committee members during their discussion. The LMA, Pune, stressed upon the need of re-establishing harmonious relationship and has assured RWITC representatives of their concerns being addressed without compromising organisational interest, security and integrity of the Pune Cantonment,\" the release stated.\"As a goodwill gesture the LMA, Pune, has allowed the usage of the bund school located on the general parade ground for training of young colts on a formal written request from the RWITC,\" the release added.Meanwhile, the RWITC, too, confirmed the development in a separate release issued here on Monday. \"The General Officer Commanding in Chief of Southern Command Lt Gen A K Singh had an informal meeting with the RWITC chairman Vivek Jain at an equestrian event in Mumbai - the first time since the club withdrew its writ petition from the high court,\" the release stated.Jain said, \"It was very cordial, as have been all his meetings with Lt Gen A K Singh. The desire to work in harmony and not to create any hindrances in the working of the horses or in the conduct of racing was expressed at this meeting.\"As a first step, the LMA has given approval for the horses to work in the \"bund school\" and for cars to be parked on the left side of Burnett Road near the Turf Club House, the RWITC release said.It added that the two organisations would meet at frequent intervals to address the recent differences, which would gradually be ironed out. \"The LMA has also written to the RWITC that it would respect both the lease deed and the MOUs signed by the club,\" the release said.Jain said, \"We are happy that the legal conflict with the Army has been withdrawn. It is the desire of both sides to ensure racing does not suffer. The LMA desires to make a polo/equestrian field in the general parade ground, which can be used in the off season, and that is certainly desirable. The RWITC committee is unanimous in its views on the relationship with the LMA and we are confident things will progress for the good of the sport and the club.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12513707", "title": "Buy sugarcane in powder form, enjoy juice at leisure", "text": "COIMBATORE: There's good news for those who crave for sugarcane juice, but don't want to have it from roadside shacks with suspect hygiene standards. Coimbatore-based Sugarcane Breeding Institute has developed a technology to make sugarcane powder. Mix the powder with cold water, you have sugarcane juice.\"Sugarcane powder would look like milk powder and it can be used to quench thirst,'' says K Sivaraman, a principal scientist at the Institute. \"The powder can be produced by a slight modification in the machines used to make milk powder. It can be mixed with water, the same way milk powder is mixed with water. Sugarcane juice is 'spray dried' to make sugarcane powder,\" he said.Spray drying is a complex process used to turn liquid food particles into solid form. Milk powder is made using this process. Sugarcane juice though popular has a short shelf-life. Due to the high content of sugar, the juice gets spoilt in six hours. K Hari, the principal investigator on the project, said the sugarcane powder would solve this problem. \"It would solve the problem of storage of sugarcane juice. And, the juice could be available in various flavours like lemon, ginger etc,\" said Hari.The powder could also be used as a substitute for sugar. \"Use of white sugar is not a healthy option. But the powder extracted from sugarcane retains the mineral content in almost the same way as it is present in sugarcane juice. This can be even used as a substitute to sugar in food or even in ayurvedic medicines. The flavour will be different, but is a healthy option,\" Hari added.Sivaraman said the powder would be introduced in the market soon. \"A Gujarat entrepreneur has bought the technology. They are contemplating about various products and flavours, which could be developed from this. However, others interested in the product could approach the institute as we do not sell the rights exclusively for any single party,\" he said.Coimbatore-based Sugarcane Breeding Institute has developed a technology to make sugarcane powder. Mix the powder with cold water, you have sugarcane juice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12515657", "title": "Mira Nair in Mumbai", "text": "This diarist had reported about Liev Schreiber and Naomi Watts being spotted in Delhi's Khan Market, while shooting for Mira Nair's film.And now we can tell you, that rather then flying back to the US to finish her keenly anticipated cinematic adaptation of Mohsin Hamid's novel The Reluctant Fundamentalist, the filmmaker has decided to get the editing done in Mumbai.The reason being, the talented Shimit Amin , who joined Nair as editor and director of the second unit in November last year, is now editing the film in a city studio.The film, which has even shot extensively in Delhi, to recreate the Lahore ambience, starts with events in a cafe and eventually leads up to the tragedy of 9/11. Besides Schreiber and Watts, the film also stars Keifer Sutherland and Kate Hudson .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12511717", "title": "Tobacco board eyes Gulf for exports", "text": "GUNTUR: With the Middle East slowly emerging as a key player for tobacco exports, the Indian Tobacco Board has launched a serious effort to showcase the Indian products on the global forum.While the exports from India to the Middle East are constant at around 5% of the total exports in the last few years, the board wants it to make it a double digit figure. Interestingly, the board's maiden attempt to attract trade enquiries from nations like Turkey , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , Bahrain , Egypt , Iran and Greece yielded the results as big names from these countries held negotiations with the Indian merchants at the global tobacco expo that began in Dubai on Monday.For the first time, the tobacco board has set up an exclusive outlet at the event facilitating the Indian merchants to expand their business horizons in the Middle East. Indian consul general in Dubai Sanjay Verma, while opening the board's stall, observed that it was really a good move to market Indian products on the global platform. \"Our exports to the Middle East have been around just Rs 100-Rs110 crore of the total Rs 3000 crore exports from India. Since there are good number of big players in these countries, we have bright chances of increasing exports,\" board chairman Kamalavardhan Rao told TOI over phone from Dubai.He said that attracting visitors who are seriously involved in the tobacco looks possible by setting up the stall at the global meet. While European countries take the lion's share of imports from India by accounting for nearly 50 per cent of the total products, Africa and America are next leaders in importing leaf and manufactured tobacco products from India. The tobacco board chief strongly believes that there is good potential in the Middle East to export Indian products provided good merchant-to-merchant contacts are established.Sources said that leading exporters from the Indian market like Mittapalli Umamaheswara Rao, Tadisetty Muralimohan and representatives of Bommidala Enterprises, Tejaram Dharampal , Sopariwala and Empire Tobacco attended the world meet.The exports from India to the Middle East are constant at around 5% of the total exports in the last few years, the board wants it to make it a double digit figure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511484", "title": "Mumbai University gets registrar, director of examinations", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after admitting to a paper leak, Mumbai University moved to control the damage with two top appointments, even as students planned to take their protest against a re-test to the courts and the streets.Several students who are against the re-exam for the leaked Marketing and Human Resource Management (MHRM) paper, will hit the streets on April 4, others have decided to move the Bombay High Court.The university, which initiated strong measures on Sunday for the first time since the series of goof-ups began more than a fortnight ago, filled the registrar's post on Monday and created a new one, that of the director of examinations. Governor K Sankarnarayanan and Rajesh Tope, the higher and technical education minister, brought in IAS officer Bhagwan Kumar Khaire, the additional collector of Pune, as the registrar of University of Mumbai. The position has been vacant since vice-chancellor Rajan Welukar took charge a year-and-a-half ago. A new post, of the director of examinations, has been created to spruce up exam work and to increase co-ordination between colleges and university: Subhash Deo, principal of Gogate-Joglekar College in Ratnagiri will hold this office. The university has also placed an advertisement to fill the post of the controller of examinations within two weeks, added Tope.The post of the pro-vice chancellor will also be filled on Tuesday, said Tope. Welukar was conducting interviews for the same all through Monday and would shortlist some names for the governor to appoint the pro V-C. \"This is an emergency kind of a situation and we have appointed Khaire as the university needs to be in good hands. On Sunday night, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan cleared Khaire's appointment. The governor was not very happy with the university's functioning but is also of the opinion that Welukar must continue as the V-C. But corrective measures had to be taken and hence we have hastened the recruitment process,\" added Tope. Welukar has also been asked to fill all the vacant positions - that of the faculty and administrative staff.But for students, the damage has already been done. Chetan Sharma, a student who wants the university to recall the decision on a re-exam, along with another student, has decided to move the Bombay High Court on Tuesday. In support, 430 students from his college, Acharya College in Chembur, have threatened to boycott the examination.\"The questions were leaked by students from one centre. Not all students would have received the messages. Why should all of us suffer due to the lax in the administration of the university? They should not have distributed the question paper a day in advance to the centre,\" said Sharma. He will have to miss the final rites of his grandfather in the event of a re-exam.A Facebook page created by two students, Shrishti Kapoor and Smruti Rao, from Mulund College of Commerce and Kelkar College in Mulund, gathered momentum within 24 hours when more than 5,000 students joined the group. The students have planned to stage a protest outside the university campus on April 4 against the re-exam. \"Many of us took the 'leaked' questions with a pinch of salt. We keep getting messages before every exam, none of which turn out to be true,\" said Kapoor. The students plan to wear black as a mark of protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12515460", "title": "AR Rahman gets a music pad", "text": "He comes to the city and lives in five stars. When he records music, he does so at various prestigious studios across Mumbai. But secretly, the music maestro, AR Rahman has also created his very own musical pad in the city of dreams.Tucked away in a high-rise building close to Chandivali Studios in Mumbai, Rahman has bought two adjacent flats. And Mumbai Mirror has found out that the Oscar winning composer has transformed it into a part-studio, part-home space.Inquiries at the society complex revealed that the maestro indeed has made an investment and bought the two adjacent flats there. A little more snooping around led us to the building where Rahman and his wife Begum Saira's names were embedded on a plaque.Though nobody in the society could tell whether they had ever bumped into their celebrity neighbour, most were aware of the music maestro's twin flats.Interestingly, Rahman who has homes across the globe has never spoken about his Mumbai property. When we tried to get in touch with him, the composer who is away in London remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12511480", "title": "Dabolim airport to be partially closed from April 5-8", "text": "PANAJI: Airline companies will have to reschedule some of their flights to Goa for four days as Dabolim airport will be closed to civil and military traffic from April 5 to 8 for annual maintenance.Navy public relations officer Commander Prashant Mathur said the airstrip, which is maintained by the Navy, will be closed between 7am and 4pm on these days.Mathur said flights are being rescheduled and this has been agreed upon between the Navy, Airport Authority of India (AAI) and various scheduled/charter operators. He added that necessary measures have been taken to avoid inconvenience to passengers.Mathur said, \"The high density traffic requires periodic preventive maintenance of the runway. The planned repairs will go a long way towards safe and efficient operations on the runway especially during the monsoon.\"AAI director YN Rao told TOI that no flights will be cancelled. He stated that flights that were to operate in the morning up to 8am will now operate before 7am, while flights scheduled to operate between 1pm and 4pm will now operate after 4pm.Rao said that on an average 35-40 flights, including charters, are handled by Dabolim airport daily.The maximum traffic is in the early morning after which the runway is utilized for military operations. Commercial flights restart from 1pm onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12513213", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority struggles to fund own projects", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) which has the mandate to provide financial assistance to other infrastructural bodies such as the Jaipur Metro Rail Coropration (JMRC) has its own balance sheets in the red.Due to financial crunch, the JDA is struggling to finance its own development projects hampering the development in the city. The long list of such bodies to which the assistance will be provided by the authorities clearly indicates the burden on JDA in the new financial year. According to officials, JDA has to make payment of approximately Rs 600 crore to various bodies.As per the state government's directions, the JDA will provide Rs 86.5 crore to the Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC) and Rs 123 crore to the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC). Similarly, the JDA has to make a payment of Rs 249 crore for the construction of five Railway over Bridge (ROB) and Rs 71 crore rupees to Rajasthan Urban Infrastructure Development Project (RUIDP).Director (finance), D C Janwara, said \"The condition will be stable in the coming days. In two days only land worth Rs 26 crore has been auctioned and all the bills pending till March 31 were cleared by the authority.\" He added, \"In this month we have planned to auction plots worth Rs 150 crore.\"The JDA is also hopeful of receiving more funds from the Centre in near future. \"The government of India has sanctioned around Rs 28.5 crore under Basic Services for Urban Poor (BSUP) housing project and Rs 50 crore spent on Bus Rapid Transit Service ( BRTS) project will be refunded soon. We are hopeful of having all that money in our account within one-and-a-half month.\" added Janwara.Recently, the JDA account balance was at Rs 26 crore creating worries for the authorities. An official said, \"In March auctioning a land as expected was a little difficult. However, recently we also won the case of a land worth Rs 42 crore situated near Jawahar Circle. We are hopeful of earning more revenue in future. Also, two plots in Tilak Nagar area have been identified for auction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12512094", "title": "Call CMs to discuss NCTC, Jayalalitha tells PM", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Monday demanded that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh convene a separate meeting of chief ministers to discuss the formation of the National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC).Jayalalithaa's letter to the PM, her second on the issue, comes amid opposition to the proposed mechanism to fight terror from several states, including Trinamool Congress-ruled West Bengal.Referring to a conference to be held on April 16 to deliberate on internal security, including the NCTC, she said it will be futile. A discussion on counter-terror should be made possible by holding a separate meeting of CMs on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12511786", "title": "Depressed constable attempts suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: Unhappy with his marital life, a 25-year-old Special Protection Force (SPF) constable attempted suicide by shooting himself at the Secretariat on Monday.The victim was identified as Ch Rajesh from Nellore. At about 1 am, Rajesh shot himself in front of the Nalla Pochamma temple on the premises of the Secretariat.While security personnel were looking for the source of gun shots, Rajesh called up one of his colleagues and informed him that he shot himself.SPF personnel quickly rushed to the spot and shifted Rajesh to Apollo Hospital in Jubilee Hills. Police said a bullet pierced through Rajesh's upper chest, but he was out of danger.\"He fired two rounds from the SLR weapon. One round hit the temple roof and the other pierced his chest. One more live round fell on the floor when he cocked the weapon,\" assistant commissioner of police (ACP), Saifabad, V Harshavardhan Raju said.Preliminary investigation revealed that Rajesh had differences with his wife and attempted suicide twice before. \"Rajesh fell in love with a girl and married her 18 months ago. But differences cropped up between them after the marriage and we came to know that in a depressed state of mind, he attempted suicide,\" Saifabad sub-inspector (SI) K Vijay Kumar said.SPF DG TP Das, who visited the constable at the hospital, said he violated duty rules by leaving the sentry post. \"Once the constable recovers, we will talk to him and appropriate departmental action will be initiated,\" the DG said.Meanwhile, the Saifabad police have booked a case under section 309 (Attempt to commit suicide) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12512705", "title": "Hubli-DharwadOne centre burgled", "text": "HUBLI: Burglars made away with Rs 10 lakh cash from Hubli-DharwadOne centre, in Ashok Nagar. The incident came to light when employees of the centre came to work on Monday morning. Hubli, North ACP A R Badiger told TOI that the amount was collected from people for payment of various bills. Curiuosly, the lock of the centre was intact and police are yet to ascertain how the burglars gained entry into the centre. Ashok Nagar police are investing.Businessman robbed of Rs 60,000An unidentified person attacked a businessman with a machete and looted Rs 60,000 from him on Sunday night at the new killa area in Hubli.Town police station inspector V N Patil said the injured businessman is Kailash Jadhav, who was going home after work, along with his associate Pinto on a two-wheeler.The miscreant threw chilli powder in their face, attacked them with a machete and ran away with the cash they possessed.Kailash has been admitted to a private hospital in city.A case has been registered with the town police and investigation is on.Unidentified man killedAn unidentified person fell down from the third floor of the railway quarters on Keshwapur road in Hubli in the early hours of Monday. He died on the spot. Residents of railway quarters suspect that the man, who was drunk, might have come to burgle the houses. The body of the deceased is kept at KIMS hospital.A case has been registered with Keshwapur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12513649", "title": "Russian jewellers scour for business opportunities in Surat", "text": "SURAT: The who's who of the Russian jewellery industry are in the city, for the first time, to explore direct polished diamond sourcing relationships with some of the leading local diamond companies.Russian jewellery manufacturers from about 18 leading jewellery companies have been invited at the three days long Indo-Russia buyers sellers meet organised by the Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) starting from Monday.Russian companies comprising mainly wholesalers and jewellery manufacturers flew down to the diamond city on Tuesday to meet 15 select leading diamond manufacturers of the city in order to understand Indian diamond manufacturing, supply chain, business practices and culture. The companies would mutually identify and develop new sourcing opportunities and substantially increase direct diamond export.Rajiv Jain, chairman, GJEPC told TOI, \"Russian jewellery companies import polished diamonds from Dubai and that there were no direct business links with Indian companies. We have invited the Russian companies to explore direct business links with our Surat manufacturers.\"Jain added, \"India processes about 11 out of 12 diamonds in the world, still the Russian companies have little or no information about India's diamond manufacturing strength. Now, the companies are in the world's diamond cutting and polishing hub and we are sure that they would establish direct links with our diamond companies.\"Russia accounts for nearly 25 per cent of the world's total rough diamond production and also shares about 25 per cent in terms of value. Outlook of the Russian diamond market is that the market earned revenue of $4.75 billion in 2010 and is estimated to reach $5.75 billion in 2015.Chandrakant Sanghavi, chairman of Sanghavi Export said, \"It is vital for the Indian diamond industry to develop new markets so it will be less dependent on the US. We want all the CIS countries and other emerging diamond consuming markets to establish direct sourcing links with India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12512199", "title": "Amul milk to cost Rs 2 more per litre", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Milk prices are set to soar yet again. Rising inflation and increase in excise duty on packaging material for milk pouches are likely to make milk dearer by Rs 2 per litre, said R S Sodhi, managing director of Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF), which markets Amul milk across the country. While he did not say when the price hike will come into effect, sources said it could happen over the next couple of months.GCMMF sells 80 lakh litres of fresh pouched milk everyday. The remuneration to farmers, who supply milk to the federation, has gone up 50 per cent over the last three years.\"We need to compensate the farmers in times of rising costs and inflation. Although the hike will not be too steep, consumers will still have to share the burden,\" said Sodhi at a function to launch Amul's whey protein malt beverage for children in Ahmedabad.Consumers are already paying 11% more than what they were paying last year. \"Last year the procurement price was increased by 11 per cent, while this year we will give 14-15 per cent more prices to farmers,\" said Sodhi. GCMMF plans to increase prices by 5-7 % in 2012-13.GCMMF has already increased the price of buttermilk by Re 1 per litre in Gujarat from Sunday. Milk prices increased twice during 2011 in Gujarat. GCMMF first hiked prices of standard and double toned milk by Rs 2 and Re 1 per litre, respectively, in April 2011. Three months later, the rates were revised again. The price hike in July 2011 was the 14th price hike introduced by GCMMF since 2006.After the price revision, consumers started paying Rs 36 per litre for Amul Gold whereas Amul Shakti cost Rs 33 per litre. Even Amul Slim &amp; Trim now cost Rs 25 per litre for consumers.GCMMF is planning an investment of Rs 3,000 crore over the next five years towards capacity enhancement and new product development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12512409", "title": "Farmers to be paid within 24 hours of procurement: Modi", "text": "PATNA: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi informed the state assembly on Monday that it was the standing policy of the state government to make payment of money within 24 hours to all farmers from whom paddy has been procured by the Primary Agriculture Credit Societies (PACS), and it would be complied with without fail.Modi, who was giving government's reply to the zero-hour mention of RJD member Dinesh Kumar Singh regarding non-payment of money to the farmers by the PACS concerned in Jagdishpur assembly constituency for the last three months even as paddy had been procured from them, asked Singh to furnish him the list of such farmers who have not been paid their money. \"Money will be paid to them within 24 hours,\" Modi said, adding that the PACS have to make the payment within 24 hours.Earlier, Singh created a ruckus in the state assembly, before Modi intervened to give the government's reply. Singh first continued to raise the issue from his seat to seek attention of Speaker Uday Narayan Choudhary, as the latter asked other members of the House to read their zero-hour mention.Singh picked up a sheet of paper that displayed his demand and entered the well of the House. When he sought to draw the Speakers' attention by thumping the desk of the reporter, the marshal snatched the sheet of paper from Singh, whereafter Modi gave assurance to him and to the House regarding payment of money by the PACS within 24 hours.Demand conceded: Cane development minister Awadhesh Prasad Kushwaha conceded the demand of Brij Kishore Singh (RJD) Afor a probe into unauthorized occupation of around 500 acres of land of Motipur sugar mill by around 44 families for purposes of farming. The Speaker said the land encroached should be freed from occupation of farmers.Inquiry into transfer of money: In view of the ruling given by the Speaker, Kushwaha agreed to order a probe into transfer of Rs 80 crore to sugar mills, even as the money was earmarked for the supply of organic pesticides and improved seeds to cane growers. Manjit Kumar Singh (JD-U), through his starred question, had raised the issue of transfer of money to sugar mills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12501650", "title": "Nana Patekar goes commerial", "text": "Despite a huge fan following for over three decades in the Hindi cinema industry, Nana Patekar had steered away from endorsements.But finally, at 61 years of age, the actor has decided to go the commercial way. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that the actor has signed a special contract for endorsement deals with a company owned by Shailendra Singh.When contacted, Singh confirmed the news and added, \"I met Nana for the first time in Pune. I was there to sign him for my new film with Priyadarshan. Ever since then, we have been in touch. I was inspired by his creativity and energy. He could be a brilliant icon for endorsements but he has stayed away from the public glare. And now, with him open to endorsements, companies are going to latch on to him. I promised that I would present him in a good way. And he asked me to take charge as long as we could have some fun. He finally signed the papers on Friday. Now my company will manage his endorsements. Now don't be surprised to see Nana sipping a soft drink with Katrina Kaif .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12513464", "title": "Sudden showers cool city, bring relief to Nagpurians", "text": "NAGPUR: Monday morning blues gave way to refreshing afternoon showers in the city. Most commuters were caught unawares and unprep ared by this sudden but brief rainfall. The weatherman says that more such showers can be expected over the next couple of days in the city as well as the region.Pre-monsoon activity during April is a normal phenomenon when there is cloud formation, the met department said.These showers, which only last for a few minutes, result in a decrease in temperature and an increase in humidity for the next few days, they added.\"Moisture incursion has resulted due to winds blowing in from Bay of Bengal. An upper air trough, which extends to a height of 1.5 kilometres, is running from west Madhya Pradesh towards the south of Karnataka, passing through west Vidarbha and Marathwada. The wind pattern is such that the southerly winds are blowing towards Vidarbha,\" explained Vijay Barapatre, director of the regional meteorological centre.He said that these conditions have resulted in showers in certain areas of the city. \"The weather conditions in the city would remain similar to what was seen on Monday for the next few days. Brief periods of rain accompanied by thundershower can also be experienced in several places of the region,\" he said.Barapatre said the temperature in the city and region has been low over the last few days because of the wind conditions, like the western disturbances. \"These showers would not only cause a fall in temperature during the peak afternoon hours in the city but also reduce dryness prevalent during summers,\" said Barapatre. He added that this may also cause minimum temperature to rise in the coming days.Most people in the city, though, did not seem to mind the showers, some even calling it a welcome relief. Some others, however, were worried about an increase in humidity, which they are not accustomed to. Even children busy with examinations were seen trying to enjoy the rain drops in balconies and at window sills. Several people stepped out to take in the smell of wet earth after the brief showers.It was not all merry, though. A transformer at Law College Square let out a shower of sparks during the rains, causing some panic in people around. In fact, the area nearby saw fluctuation in power supply for quite some time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12515361", "title": "First look of 'Rowdy Rathore' unveiled at chawl", "text": "In a novel way, the first look of the Akshay Kumar-Sonakshi Sinha starrer much-awaited action film 'Rowdy Rathore' was unveiled here to the chawl residents.The first look of the film, directed by Prabhu Deva, was launched at B D D Chawl grounds in Worli.Several locals gathered to catch glimpse of the star cast and the crowd visibly went crazy for Prabhu Deva more than Akshay Kumar.On public demand, the choreographer-turned-director even shook his leg on one of the songs from the film. \"I am happy and tensed about this event,\" director Prabhu Deva said.Sporting a moustache, Akshay, wearing a blue jeans with same color denims and a shirt, looked to be in the character of Vikram Rathore from the film.\"We are extremely happy to launch our first look among you all. The film has action, comedy, dance...everything,\" Akshay Kumar said.Interestingly, the trailer of the film had earlier been leaked online.Leading lady Sonakshi Sinha , who had thanked her fans on twitter for liking the first look of the film even before it was launched officially, said, \"I know it is wrong to do it (leak the look). But what can I do if people see and like it. But I am happy that people have liked it.\"The film produced by Sanjay Leela Bhansali and UTV Motion Pictures, is up for release on June 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12513084", "title": "15 Maval farmers get anticipatory bail till April 11", "text": "PUNE: Three days after the Pune rural police arrested 48 farmers in connection with the Maval firing case, additional sessions judge Vinay Joshi on Monday granted interim anticipatory bail till April 11 to 15 others.The court granted the bail to the farmers after they furnished a personal bond of Rs 15,000 each with one surety of the like amount.The state government is being served a court notice seeking its written submission on the farmers' bail plea, which will be heard on the next date of hearing.Three villagers were killed in the police firing near Baur village on the Pune-Mumbai expressway on August 9, 2011 during a protest by farmers opposing the acquisition of land for the implementation of a water pipeline project from the Pavana dam to Pimpri-Chinchwad. Several farmers were injured in the firing and lathicharge by the police. More than 40 policemen, including former superintendent of police Sandeep Karnik, were also injured in the stone-pelting by the protestors.At that time six policemen were suspended on charges of vandalising vehicles and the state home department had suspended two other officers for opening fire on the villagers. The police also arrested 10 farmers soon after the incident for alleged violence and 30 farmers obtained anticipatory bail from a Pune court.On March 29, the police had issued notices to the farmers, directing them to appear before the investigating officer for questioning at the Wadgaon Maval police station. The farmers, Balu Thule and 14 others, had moved the district and sessions court here for anticipatory bail through their lawyer Prasad Kulkarni.Kulkarni told the court that the farmers had been falsely implicated in the case because of their association with a political party and that their custodial interrogation was not essential as nothing was to be seized from their possession.Kulkarni submitted that the FIR registered against the agitators is silent on the names and role played by the farmers in the crime.The National Human Rights Commission has also taken cognisance of the firing incident, Kulkarni argued, and pleaded that interim anticipatory bail be granted to the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511952", "title": "Excise duty on gold jewellery: Traders\u2019 strike enters Day 17", "text": "NEW DELHI: The nationwide strike by jewellers and bullion traders against the imposition of excise duty on unbranded jewellery entered its 17th day on Monday as traders and small artisans participated in a demonstration at Jantar Mantar. The traders vowed to keep their shutters closed until the duty is rolled back. The loss to the industry and loss of taxation revenue to the government has only been increasing with each passing day of the strike.Vimal Kumar Goel, president of Delhi Bullion and Jewellers Association, estimates that the gold, diamond and silver jewellery industry nationwide has suffered a turnover loss of about Rs 22,000 crore. In Delhi alone, he pegs the figures at Rs 350 to 400 crore per day. \"Even the government has lost out on several hundred crores in revenue from custom duty, VAT and income tax. In the same frame of time, they would have fetched only about Rs 25 crore from excise duty,\" says Goel.The excise tax of one per cent on unbranded jewellery, proposed in the new budget by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on March 16, was implemented on Sunday when the new financial year kicked in. Despite an assurance by the finance minister to consider their requests when the Finance Bill will be passed on April 24, industry players have refused to back down. They have already scheduled a series of nationwide demonstrations, including one at Ramlila Maidan on April 10, in which about five lakh traders from across the country are expected to participate.Clarifying the industry's position on the issue, Rajat Jain, member of Gold Jewellery Federation and Karol Bagh Jewellers' Association, says the government had already increased custom duty from one to four per cent in three months. \"We are not against taxation, but we don't want another department under which we will be taxed. \"Excise tax requires a lot of paperwork and documentation that needs to be submitted to the government every month, which small artisans cannot afford. Under excise tax, criminal proceedings can also be taken for lack of records, which means that even if a person is in possession of an ancestral gold jewellery item without necessary documents, they can be charged,\" says Jain. Goel says that there are six or seven stages of creating jewellery, each involving different artisans. \"The excise tax means that we will need an accounting system at every stage,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12512952", "title": "Manual scavenging refuses to die in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Manual scavenging and dry toilets continue to be a grim reality, staring at the face of the state, even after both were banned almost 19 years ago. Even state capital Lucknow is not free from the social menace, as 57 such scavengers still render their services.As per UP government's own admission in a government order (GO) - issued on March 21, 2012, - there are 5,530 human scavengers in 42 districts of the state. Meerut tops this list with 799 scavengers followed by Muzaffarnagar (574) and Farrukhabad (555). In fact western UP districts have a much bigger share of such people, when compared to central UP. The practice is alive in cities supposed to be a strong hold of the present government as well. These include Rampur (100), Etah (78), Mainpuri (74), Kannauj (48), Firozabad (27) and Etawah (12). Big cities of Ghaziabad (281), Aligarh (144), Lucknow (57), Kanpur (34), and Agra (12) are also a part of the list.The UP government has been provided this data by the Supreme Court which is hearing a public interest litigation (PIL) on the issue. Petitioner Anupam Lal Das demanded justice and right to lead a dignified life for human scavengers across India. In a recent hearing, he submitted a list of UP districts, where manual scavenging is still prevalent. Acting on the same, the state government has asked district magistrates to look into the problem, get a confirmatory survey done and demolish all the dry toilets in their districts. The DMs have been told to submit a report in 15 days.The numbers may however be an underestimation of the prevalent scenario. Details gathered from the state Panchayati Raj department show that there are over one lakh dry toilets in 53 blocks of 18 districts. These blocks have been identified as highly vulnerable to polio. Against this, the GO issued on March 21, 2012 says that there are just 34,921 dry toilets in 42 districts. Incidentally, the 18 districts figure in state government list as well.Sakrunisa, a community worker, employed by an NGO working to promote sanitation and use of safe drinking water in old city, says that more women than men work as scavengers. \"They take up such work only when they do not get employed anywhere else. I have seen that all these women are ready to quit this work the moment they get an alternative,\" she said.Officials in panchayati raj and poverty alleviation department say that the practice has survived only because of a weak policy framework. \"Both legal and policy frame work are needed to stand up against social evils. Though the legal structure came into existence 19 years ago, the policy frame work is yet to take a shape. There is, in fact, no specific umbrella policy framework. All we can do is ask the local administration to get dry toilets demolished and sanction money for construction of toilets in select areas. As far as providing an alternative job is concerned, we really cannot help,\" said a state government officer.18 districts having high concentration of dry latrinesAligarh -- 3390Budaun -- 55601Bareilly -- 3705Bijnore -- 3559Bulandshahr -- 3779Farrukhabad -- 1875Firozabad -- 1921Gautam Buddh Nagar -- 413Ghaziabad -- 6715JP Nagar -- 392Kanshi Ram Nagar -- 3980Meerut -- 2923Moradabad -- 6806Muzaffarnagar -- 2381Pilibhit -- 265Rampur -- 1501Saharanpur -- 750Shahjahanpur -- 608Total - 1,00,564(Source: Panchayati Raj Department, UP)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12512131", "title": "Babus dash plans of Rajasthan's MBA sarpanch to transform villages", "text": "JAIPUR: This month last year she was speaking at the UN about transforming rural India by ensuring basic facilities like drinking water, electricity, toilets, schools and jobs for the villagers through panchayats. Rajasthan's youngest sarpanch with an MBA degree, Chhavi Rajawat on Saturday said the panchayats should be closed down. The reason: government officers were not allowing the elected representatives to work. Public utility works were being \"deliberately and maliciously\" held up in government procedures by 'biased' officers. The rural police, too, were being controlled by such officers.Two years into the role of a sarpanch, Rajawat says government babus are allegedly blocking her plans to transform the village panchayat. Even interventions sought from chief secretary C K Mathew and district collector Arushi Malik failed to improve things. The issue that sparked a standoff was related to the dispute over illegal construction of farmpond by two village residents, Chhitar and Satyanarayan. Efforts made to contact Malik on Saturday bore no results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12516013", "title": "I'm not averse to art house flicks: Parvathy Nair", "text": "Model-turned-actor Parvathy Nair, who is new to the Mollywood scene although she is carving a niche for herself in Sandalwood, declined a Malayalam art house film recently. That sets us wondering if she is so averse to non-commercial films.\"Not at all. In fact, the offer was really good and gave me scope to do a few bold scenes as well, besides some fiery dialogues. However, the role required me to put on weight, especially as I was to play a dominating woman opposite Manoj K Jayan. And all I had was 20 days to hog on and get plump. I felt that just wouldn't work out,\" the actress says. \"Besides, we women know how easy it is to put on weight; the hard part is shedding it. Right now, I've got a Kannada film at hand and my putting on weight would affect my role in that. So I was forced to decline the offer,\" Parvathy informs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nedumbassery", "code": "12512737", "title": "Gulf Air flight leaves Kochi airport", "text": "NEDUMBASSERY: A Gulf Air flight which was damaged in an accident last year, successfully completed its trial flight at the international airport here after completing maintenance work on Monday.In a press release, CIAL authorities said the aircraft, after a two-hour trial flight from the airport at 11.15 am, departed for Riyadh, the capital of Saudi Arabia, around 2 pm.The flight will leave for Bahrain after two days and then to Europe for a paint job, the release said. The aircraft, which skidded off the runway in a mishap that occurred on August 29, 2011, had been undergoing maintenance for seven months. Captain A L Balooshi Nawaf, captains Noor Hesham and Keeth Sayers flew the aircraft on the trial flight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12512920", "title": "28 fake marksheets of MSU surface at S'rashtra varsity", "text": "VADODARA: Twenty-eight fake marksheets of M S University (MSU) have surfaced at Saurashtra University (SU). These marksheets of MSU's Faculty of Law surfaced at SU before its elections for the registered graduates' category seats of senate on April 8.Two candidates, who are in fray for the registered graduates category elections of SU's senate from the university's Faculty of Law on Monday, made a representation before MSU registrar and Vadodara city police commissioner demanding that a criminal case be filed to nail the accused responsible for the bogus marksheets.The bogus marksheets of MSU's Faculty of Law surfaced after the electoral roll for the senate elections was prepared by SU.\"Based on this electoral roll, as a candidate I called up a voter - Felenthi Prasana - whose name was mentioned in the roll. Prasana informed me that he had failed in standard 12 exams and has never appeared for any law course,\" lawyer Rajesh Vora, who along with another candidate lawyer Ashok Vaghela, told media persons here.Both Vora and Vaghela later submitted an affidavit filed by Prasana to SU authorities stating that he had never appeared for any exam at MSU's Faculty of Law and neither had he filed a form to become a voter for the registered graduates' polls at SU.Based on the complaint from the duo, SU officials had cross checked details of 30 voters with MSU authorities. It has come to light that in 28 cases such fake mark sheets of MSU's Faculty of Law were produced so that their names can be registered as voters.\"Although after our representation, these names have been deleted from the electoral rolls, either SU or MSU have to initiate legal action to nail those responsible for this scam,\" said Vaghela.The lawyers have blamed their rival candidates for this while adding that if neither the universities nor police of the respective regions initiate action, they will approach Gujarat high court to seek directions over the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12512583", "title": "Sweet 16, but teenagers want their bitters", "text": "BANGALORE: In today's fast-paced world, those reaching out for a bottle of Scotch are getting younger and younger. Alcohol is now part of an urban teenager's life - the average age of those consuming alcohol has come down to 16-17 years, as the third National Family Health Survey (NFHS3) in 2007 pointed out. A far cry from the average age of 25-29, documented in NFHS2 in 2003.The latest survey also revealed that at least 5-10% women in India drink alcoholic beverages. Experts say the factors are globalization and easy availability of alcohol in the market.\"One can find alcohol in departmental stores as well as medical stores. It is easily available to the youth today,\" said Dr Vivek Benegal, professor of psychiatry, Centre for Addiction Medicine, Nimhans.The experts gathered at Dr M V Govindaswamy Centre, Nimhans, to discuss 'Evolving Effective Strategies for Alcohol Advocacy and Prevention', were of the view that the only way to fight this menace is by spreading awareness and educating people against the effects of alcohol consumption.Dr P Satish Chandra, director, Nimhans, said: \"Prohibiting alcohol has not worked in many states of India. Certain lobbies are active to promote consumption and sale of alcohol. Like it was done in the case of HIV, only spreading awareness and educating people can fight this problem. People must be told how drinking alcohol can damage almost every part of the body and kill a person.\"Pointing out that the average age of alcohol consumers has come down, Dr Satish Chandra recommended that education should be started at the high school level.15-30% Accidents Linked To ItDr Mohan Isaac, associate chair of Population Mental Health , School of Psychiatry and Clinical Neurosciences, University of Western Australia, quoted a recent BBC report in which Scotland Whiskey Association claimed that sale of Scotch whisky has gone up by 30-35%, especially in Brazil, India and South Africa.\"Most road accidents happen because drivers are under the influence of alcohol. Drinking alcohol today is considered a status symbol and women too consume it. All aspects of society need to contribute in spreading awareness of the side-effects of alcoholism in society.\"Dr G Gururaj, head, department of epidemiology, Nimhans, said that since 1980, the consumption of alcohol has come down in most developed countries, \"but has gone up in developing economies likeIndia. This is because of production, availability, and promotion of alcohol.\"Quoting several studies conducted by Nimhans, Dr Gururaj said: \"Alcohol consumption is related to 16 various diseases, including cancer , heart failure, stroke , epilepsy and HIV-AIDS. It also contributes to intentional and unintentional injuries. About 15-30% road crashes are linked to alcohol consumption.\"Dr Benegal said: \"Many factors have contributed to popularizing alcohol consumption in India. The younger generation is under social pressure, because if you don't drink, you are considered rigid and outdated. Globalization has made varieties of alcohol available in the market and the marketing is done strategically, to target the younger population.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12512632", "title": "Man moves HC seeking aid for medical negligence", "text": "MADURAI: A coolie based at Srivilliputhur has moved the Madurai bench of the Madras high court seeking a direction to the state government to pay compensation for the death of his wife and child in womb and consequently direct it to initiate action against the medical officer and staff responsible for the death.Filing the petition in the Madurai bench, M Raja of Srivilliputhur said his wife Maria Lilly Pauline became pregnant and was undergoing regular medical check up at the Srivilliputhur Government Hospital from March 8, 2011 onwards.He said on September 23, 2011, he took his wife to the government hospital and admitted her. As his wife did not develop labour pain even after two days, he requested Meera, a gynaecologist to go for surgery. But she did not heed to his request and failed to provide attention to his wife, he contended.Raja said that on September 26, 2011 his wife developed labour pain. But no gynaecologist was available in the hospital at that time. The staff nurse told him to go to Meera's place in an auto rickshaw and bring her to the hospital. When he went there, Raja found Meera attending to patients at her private clinic. After making desperate pleas with her to save his wife's life, the doctor agreed to come to the hospital. However, by the time they arrived in the hospital, his wife had already passed away.The petitioner added, \"If any gynaecologist was available on duty at the relevant point of time in the hospital, his wife and his child could have been saved by the doctors. Therefore, the state is vicariously liable for the act of erring doctor.\"When the matter came up for hearing, Justice K K Sasidharan directed the petitioner's counsel R Alagumani to implead as the party respondent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511788", "title": "Lift maims 6-yr-old girl but authorities too busy to care", "text": "MUMBAI: Three days have passed since a lift in a Nalasopara building dragged up a six-year-old girl five floors, crushing her bones and rupturing her organs, but no authorities, not even the police, have visited the spot.Life goes on as usual at the seven-storey Shrushti Heights, with people continuing to use the lift, which is in the A-1 wing, without a thought. Incidentally, just five days before Friday's Nalasopara incident, a lift in a Goregaon high-rise had fallen six floors, injuring 10 people.The girl, Niharika Singh, met with her accident around 6pm on Friday. But the lift, installed and maintained by Eskay Elevators, which had apparently malfunctioned, has not been checked till now.Niharika's family (including her grandparents), who moved into the building two years ago, have no idea what went wrong. All they know is they cannot do without the lift as they reside on the topmost floor. \"No mishap had ever taken place in this society,\" said the girl's grandfather Shambhunath Singh, an employee of Western Railway.The building's residents said the lift was in perfect condition and they were using it even after Friday's accident as they did not feel it was dangerous to do so. \"The lift had been inspected before it was made operational, but no inspectors have visited the building after the mishap,\" said a resident.About the mishap not being reported to the police, Niharika's family said they could not do so as they were busy tending to her in hospital.On Monday, children returning from school said they use the lift without adult supervision. Niharika's family said she used the lift frequently. \"She moves up and down the lift several times in a day. Nothing had gone wrong till now,\" her grandmother said. When her elder sister Nikita , a student of class III, returned home from school on Monday, she, too, used the lift unattended by an adult.Each of the building's wings has a lift. \"The lifts are on generator backup. Even when we are without power for hours, nothing goes wrong with them,\" said a resident of A wing.Lifts are relatively new in Nalasopara as most residential buildings there are ground plus three floors. Shrushti Heights is one of the few high-rises in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12512818", "title": "Mangalavanam management advisory panel meets", "text": "KOCHI: With the Kochi corporation unable to pump in funds required to divert the drainage channel passing through the Mangalavanam bird sanctuary, the advisory committee has decided to explore new ways to carry out the project. The decision was taken at the advisory panel meeting held on Monday.The committee was convened by Ernakulam MLA Hibi Eden to discuss the projects that have to be put in place to save the bird sanctuary. Though Kochi corporation had worked out a project to divert it, it was put on hold due to lack of funds. In the meeting it was decided to explore an alternative source of funding. The meeting passed a resolution which demanded that the state government should declare it an ecologically sensitive region.Apart from conducting studies on the birds that inhabit the region, it was also decided to carry out studies on other microorganisms that live in the water bodies . \"It has been decided to carry out a study on contamination of water in ponds. There are also plans to create public awareness on the bird sanctuary. The committee will also urge the government to come up with projects that would ensure that the regions remain safe while construction activities take place,\" said assistant conservator Radhakrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "12512898", "title": "SBI ATM machine stolen from Bharuch", "text": "BHARUCH: A State Bank of India's ATM that had approximately Rs 22 lakh and weighed 200 kgs was stolen by several robbers from Bharuch on Sunday.\"The robbers first broke the tube lights at the ATM centre to hide their identities from CCTV camera. There was no watchman at the ATM,\" said police officials from Bharuch city A division police station.SBI branch manager in his FIR said the machine that was stolen was installed at Nandelav area of Bharuch. Police have instructed banks in the district to install CCTV cameras at all ATM centres and also depute watchmen there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12512680", "title": "Traders to shift biz to Amargol Agriculture Produce Market Committee", "text": "HUBLI: A meeting was held at the APMC auditorium in Hubli on Monday, to discuss the issue of shifting business activities of Akki Honda to Amargol APMC.In the meeting, traders of Akki Honda and APMC members, after discussions with district minister Jagadish Shettar decided to shift their business to Amargol APMC from Akki Honda before July 1.Shettar said that already 200 sites have been allotted to traders. Already 29 complexes have come up there and 38 newly trading complex have been constructed and the remaining complexes will be finished soon in the APMC premises.Some traders will start there business from Basava Jayanti whereas the remaining traders will shift their business before July 1, he added.Senior traders Shankaranna Munavalli, M G Chikkamath and others appealed to provide the basic facilities in trading premises at APMC. Shankaragowda Patil, president of APMC spoke about the facilities being provided at the trading premises at APMC yard.Once the business starts at the APMC yard, remaining felicities will be provided with the help of the cess collected on trades, Shankaragowda explained. Shettar inspected the works held at APMC yard along with APMC members and Akki Honda traders. MLA's Chandrakanth Bellad and Veerabhadrappa Halaharavi, DC Darpan Jain and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12510954", "title": "Antony changes gear, clears long-delayed plans", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stung by General V K Singh highlighting \"critical\" operational gaps in Army's war-fighting capabilities, defence minister A K Antony went on a overdrive on Monday to clear five and 15-year perspective plans of the armed forces hanging fire for long and also tweaked the offsets policy to include technology transfer.But Antony also directed the 1.13-million strong Army to put its own house in order by\"streamlining its acquisition process in such a manner that accountability can be fixed for slippages\" as well as \"compress the time taken for technical evaluations and trials\".The trigger, said MoD sources, was that almost 50% of global tenders or RFPs (request for proposals) floated to procure military hardware and software have been \"recalled at an advanced stage\" because of \"faulty GSQRs (general staff qualitative requirements)\" or technical specifications drawn up by Army.The minister also favoured delegation of \"more financial powers\" to Service HQs, which stands at a paltry Rs 50 crore, \"if it can lead to speedier acquisition\" of weapon systems and platforms during his meeting with Gen Singh, defence secretary Shashikant Sharma and director-general (acquisitions) Vivek Rae, among others.There are indications that Antony and Gen Singh have decided to get down to the task of fast-tracking the acquisition process. But Gen Singh's quest for a one-on-one meeting with the PM to ensure \"suitable directions are passed to enhance Army's preparedness\" may not materialize soon.The meetings summoned by Antony came in the backdrop of widespread criticism after Gen Singh's confidential letter to the PM that blamed the long-winded arms procurement process and the recalcitrant bureaucracy for the \"critical hollowness\" in the Army's capabilities, leaked to the media. They included a Defence Acquisitions Council's (DAC) meeting, which was also attended by the other two chiefs Admiral Nirmal Verma and Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne.While the smaller but much better organized Navy and IAF are gradually marching ahead on their modernization paths, the Army is grappling with its tank regiments being \"devoid of critical ammunition to defeat enemy tanks\", while existing air defence systems are \"97% obsolete\" to effectively protect against enemy air attacks.The chief's letter also said that there are \"large scale voids\" in essential weaponry as well as critical surveillance and night-fighting capabilities in the over 350 infantry and special forces battalions.The Army says it needs to \"enhance the combat ratio vs. China\" and \"upgrade the combat edge against Pakistan \" as well as have the capability to meet the \"collusive threat\" in a two-front conflict situation.While Army's flat-footedness in making its \"statement of cases\", drafting GSQRs and holding field trials certainly play a role in procurement delays, MoD too cannot escape blame. Around 100 Army procurement projects are currently meandering their way through different stages amid bureaucratic bottlenecks, cumbersome procedures and general apathy.Experts say while MoD's land systems acquisitions' wing needs to be drastically revamped with more manpower to fast-track inductions, there is also the need to ensure \"much greater synergy\" within Army HQ between its different \"line directorates\" and the weapons and equipment directorate.The DAC meeting later in the day cleared the long-delayed tri-Service Long-Term Integrated Perspective Plan (LTIPP) for 2012-2027, which ranges from acquiring robust space-based warfare capabilities to 42 fighter squadrons for IAF as well as the 12th Defence Plan for 2012-2017.Earlier LTIPP drafts for 2002-2017 and 2007-2022 had to be junked because they could not be finalized in time. LTIPPs are \"broad vision documents\" that chart out the technological and other operational requirements of armed forces over the next 15 years but do not have any committed financial support.The 12th Defence Plan deals in more detail with specific requirements of each individual service. But it will need financial approval from the finance ministry, which has been the thorn in the side in the past.MoD, for instance, had asked for Rs 4,18,101-crore during the five annual budgets during the 10th Plan period, but got only Rs 3,79,300-crore, of which it was unable to spend Rs 21,167-crore.With no long-term strategic plans, with requisite budgetary support, to systematically build military capabilities in tune with India's expanding geo-political interests, defence procurements are conducted in an ad-hoc manner in India. Army, Navy and IAF squabble among each other to get a larger pie in annual budgets.The Army has given an alarming account in its 11th Plan (2007-2012) review, pointing at operational gaps in fields ranging from artillery, aviation, air defence and night-fighting to ATGMs (anti-tank guided missiles), PGMs (precision guided munitions) and specialized tank and rifle ammunition.Holding the \"hollowness\" in ammunition and equipment is so \"critical\" that it will require around Rs 41,000 crore \"to make up current deficiencies\". It's estimated the Army will take over 15 years to achieve its optimum level of operational readiness to defend borders as well as battle militancy in the hinterland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "12512778", "title": "Case against theatre activist Tabla Nani", "text": "MANDYA: A case has been registered against actor and theatre activist Tabla Nani in Mandya West police station under the SC/ST (Atrocity) Act for his alleged objectionable remarks against dalits at a programme on Sunday. The case has been filed by Santhosh.According to programme organizers, Tabla Nani attended a cultural programme organized by Lion's Club Mandya at Sri Nalvadi Krishnarajendra auditorium. When Nani was on stage, some persons in the audience started disturbing him.He sought their co-operation to continue the programme. When trouble continued, Nani allegedly made some remarks which the dalits thought are objectionable. Confirming the registration of the complaint, senior police officers said that they would investigate the case as per law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12512734", "title": "SGPC executive committee may pass annual budget", "text": "AMRITSAR: Probably for the first time in the history of Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC), the executive committee of Sikh body may pass the 2012-13 budget on Tuesday without approval of the general house.\"This has never happened before in the history of SGPC,\" said advocate Jaswinder Singh, adding that \"the situation arose after so-called sehajdharis demanded voting rights in SGPC.\" SGPC secretary Dalmegh Singh said, \"We have convened executive committee meeting to discuss the single agenda of budget 20102-13. Rest we will tell you tomorrow.\"The Supreme Court orders passed on March 30, 2012, had directed the SGPC executive committee to function and discharge its duties as per the terms of Sikh Gurdwara Act, 1925, till further orders.Reacting to the statement of SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar that the newly elected house would pass the budget, Sehajdhari Sikh Federation president PS Ranu said that the court had never given any such direction for the new house.He said that the new house starts functioning only when the Central government issues a notification for holding its first meeting under Section 54 of the Sikh Gurdwara Act, 1925. \"Any such meeting held against the orders of the court shall tantamount to contempt of the apex court of India as the directions issued on March 30, 2012, have superseded the previous order dated February 17, 2012. The court has modified the order on an agreed statement of all the parties,\" he said.He warned that if the newly elected committee was allowed to hold any such meeting, the Sehajdhari Sikh Federation would again approach the Supreme Court.Senior vice-president of Shiromani Akali Dal 1920 and former SGPC secretary Raghubir Singh Rajasansi had convened a general house of opposition members of SGPC but was prevented by the administration to hold it.He said the executive body couldn't 'pass' the budget, which was the prerogative of the general house. It could only clear some expenses for the functioning of SGPC.Dal Khalsa spokesperson Kanwarpal Singh said that the executive body could only clear the day-to-day expenses, including salaries of staff, but couldn't make any future projects since the SGPC's house was under a legal scanner and didn't have any authority to plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12512660", "title": "Maharashtra urged to release water to Krishna", "text": "BELGAUM: Maharashtra is likely to release water to river Krishna from Koyna dam in three days, district in-charge minister Umesh Katti said on Monday.Maharashtra has been urged by the state government to release 5 TMC feet water to river Krishna. It will take a week to reach the water to the state, he told the reporters after inaugurating 'Sakaala', services guarantee programme, at the Belgaum City Corporation office here on Monday.\"There is no dearth of funds to tackle drought situation in Belgaum district. Out of Rs 36 crore funds available, more than Rs 3.08 lakh has been spent so far. Four goshalas have been opened at Athani taluk,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12512704", "title": "First-time CPI MLA killed in accident", "text": "TRICHY: In a tragic incident, Muthukumaran, CPI MLA representing Pudukkottai constituency, was killed in a road accident on Sunday as one of the front wheels of his Mahindra Bolero burst suddenly. The 43-year-old MLA, a native of Neduvasal, is survived by his wife Susheela, daughter Narmatha (15) and son Naren (12). He was on his way to condole the death of a CPI functionary, Pazhanisamy, who passed away on Saturday at Annavasal, 18 km from Pudukkottai. The incident took place when the vehicle had almost reached Ariyur village near Annavasal at around 9am.Police said that the speeding car suddenly nosedived after the front wheel burst. The vehicle then fell into a pit 30 feet away from the road. Frantic efforts by the driver to bring it under control proved futile. All the three people in the car were crushed and the legislator was killed instantly. The driver, Manikantan, sustained minor injuries and Annavasal block level CPI secretary Muruganatham survived, but only after sustaining heavy injuries, said Annavasal police inspector Velusamy.AIADMK MLA and Pudukkottai district secretary C Vijayabaskar, a doctor by profession, who had gone to a nearby village for a party function rushed to the spot and examined the condition of the MLA. Even as he was on his way, Vijayabaskar had alerted the hospital authorities who rushed an ambulance to the spot.The body of the first-time MLA was dispatched to the Pudukkottai government hospital for postmortem.Muthukumaran is the third legislator to die in office after the AIADMK came to power last May. The first was Trichy West MLA Mariam Pitchai, who died in a car-lorry collision on May 23, 2011, warranting a byelection in which incumbent MLA Paranjothi was elected to the assembly. In the second incident, Sankarankoil MLA succumbed to a prolonged illness, necessitating the recently held byelection.With the death of Muthukumaran, AIADMK is likely to field its own candidate for the bypoll as and when it is announced by the election commission, sources said.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa in her condolence message said the member carried out his legislative duties with much diligence even though it was for a short period and it was a great loss to the CPI.Muthukumaran had won accolades from the speaker for asking the highest number of reasonable questions for the welfare of his constituency.Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah and leaders of political parties in the state condoled the death Muthukumaran. Rosaiah in his message to Muthukumaran's wife said, \"I am deeply shocked and grieved to hear about the tragic accident of your beloved husband...I pray to God to rest his soul in peace.\"State secretary of CPI, D Pandian said that it was \"disheartening to know that Muthukumaran rose and vanished like a lightning\" and expressed condolences to his wife, son and daughter. CPI party flag will fly at half mast for three days across Tamil Nadu, he said.DMK president M Karunanidhi described him as one of the best cadres of CPI, while CPI (M) state secretary G Ramakrishnan termed Muthukumaran's demise a \"great loss to CPI,\" and expressed their condolences to his wife, family and CPI.DMDK president Vijayakanth said, \"It was a shock to receive the news. I remember working with him as one of us, even as the assembly is in session.\"Manithaneya Makkal Katchi leader M H Jawahirullah said Muthukumaran was an emerging leader of the CPI and had impressed by asking many questions in the assembly.Trichy district secretary of the AITUC, N Mani, who had worked with the deceased during the last assembly elections told TOI, \"He was such a simple man, and only yesterday (Saturday) he had been appreciated by the assembly speaker for asking all pertinent, pro-people questions in the house. The young man's untimely demise would be a great loss to not only the CPI, but to the entire state.\"The funeral will be held on Monday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12513406", "title": "LPG refills go up in gas as black market thrives", "text": "CHENNAI: While you wait endlessly for your cooking gas cylinder to arrive, thousands of cylinders are being diverted to the black market by the LPG mafia in collusion with dealers in the city.According to data recently obtained from Indian Oil Corporation through an RTI plea, 34,807 cylinders meant for household purposes ended up on the black market over the past five years.In fact, 10 times that number , or around 30 lakh domestic LPG cylinders, could have ended up in the black market as cylinders seized in IOC raids account for only 10% of the units diverted, company officials said. The magnitude of the scam is so massive (IOC is only one of three government oil companies that supply cooking gas in Chennai) that diverted cylinders power a parallel market , rivalling the legitimate system.The rip-offs made an already serious problem even worse, contributing to a severe shortage of cylinders over the past few years.IOC has booked 34 dealers in the city, in 244 raids over five years, for diverting domestic cylinders for commercial use, and fined them Rs 5.49 crore.\"The LPG black market is thriving due to a nexus between dealers and a network of criminal operators,\" an IOC official said. He said the illegal trade was fuelled by an increase in demand and a shortage of cylinders, particularly after the recent LPG transporters strike.Most racketeers supply cylinders meant for domestic use to hotels and other establishments . \"Some dealers use customers' cards to purchase cylinders and divert them to the black market. A 14.2 kg cylinder costs Rs 393.50, but is sold for Rs 500 to Rs 1,300,\" another IOC official said.A LPG dealer, speaking on condition of anonymity, admitted that cylinders were supplied even to households that did not have connections. \"Many hotels require more than 50 cylinders a month but most don't have that many connections ,\" he said.According to the rules, a person with two cylinders can book for a refill only 21 days after the previous booking. Many consumers who fail to get cylinders in time depend on the black market, which always has a surplus of cylinders.Consumers allege that dealers create an artificial shortage and extend the waiting period to more than 45 days so they will be forced to buy cylinders in black.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12512797", "title": "Railway, Mangalore City Corporation continue blame games", "text": "MANGALORE: Even as people are facing inconveniences at manned railway level crossings in Bajal, Mahakalipadpu and Jeppu Kudpady, officials of Southern Railway and Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) continued the blame game on Monday at a meeting convened by MP Nalin Kumar Kateel.Railway officials blamed that a proposal to construct a road under bridge in Bajal had been delayed as MCC did not submit a detailed project report on the approach road to be constructed there. However, MCC officials claimed that they had not informed by the railways about it.MCC executive engineer G V Rajashekhara said that the corporation had already paid Rs 2.5 lakh to RITES, the survey agency of the railways, to conduct a survey on the feasibility of a road under bridge in Mahakalipadpu. \"However, it has not initiated the survey work so far. We have given Rs 9.7 lakh to the railways for a road under bridge at Jeppu Kudpady,\" he added.Southern Railway's Palghat division engineer Nallamuthu Manikyan said that the cost sharing could be approved for the road under bridge in Bajal, only if MCC submit a detailed report with estimates on the approach road. On road under bridges at Jeppu Kudpady, Manikyan, he said that the survey work was over and the estimates would be prepared after obtaining approval from the headquarters.The MP directed MCC authorities to take legal action against RITES, if the agency failed to conduct the survey within a week.Meanwhile, National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) officials informed that tender process for the construction of a flyover on national highway across the railway track at Baikampady had already been initiated. The work of the flyover and underpass for local vehicles would commence soon after the identification of bidder, officials added.World-class stationThe promises made by three successive railway ministers of upgrading Mangalore Central railway station to a world-class station with infrastructure of international standards still remain on paper.To a query of Nagarika Hitharakshana Vedike president Hanumanth Kamath, railway officials said that it was not easy to take up the project in Mangalore as it requires large area of land. Manikyan said that the world-class railway station project had been taken up in New Delhi in the entire country so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12512427", "title": "'Professional hazard' of a different kind!", "text": "\"Is travelling by road safe after sunset in Bihar?\" asked columnist Swaminathan S Ankalesaria Aiyar on landing at the Gaya international airport on a sunny afternoon in 2009, and I emphatically replied, \"Hundred per cent, under the Nitish Kumar regime\".The then Gaya DM, Sanjay Singh, nodded, saying his family often travelled by road from Patna to Gaya in the evening.For reasons other than fears of safety, Swaminathan did not drive to Patna the same evening. At an interaction with intellectuals on the ADRI premises in Patna the day after, however, he publicly appreciated the people's confidence in the improved law and order in Bihar and admitted he did not have reasons to disbelieve me. Chief minister Nitish Kumar was in the audience.Three years on when IANS released a story about the \"gang rape and murder\" of Dhanbad's Suman Barnwal by \"road robbers\" at Sikandara near Jamui, I felt a shiver run down my spine. I felt the fright of the worst kind as it instantly occurred to me how horribly dangerous it was to brand Bihar as a safe place to travel around in front of \"outsiders\" like Swaminathan or, for that matter, other non-Bihari journalists, including women, who speak to me before embarking on reporting tours to Bihar.The police's claim that the woman was not gang-raped and that it was a case of pre-meditated murder organized by husband Naresh Barnwal to marry his wife's cousin Khushboo, came as a huge relief. But sceptics suspected the police of concocting the \"pati-patni aur woh\" story to deflate the gravity of the crime and please the powers that be. I wished the police story to be true because that would make me feel good as a Bihari who propagates Bihar as a state that has changed for the better.To know the truth, a photographer and I travelled to Lakhisarai on Saturday. As we drove, I thought of words to structure the introduction of the story I wished I could file on my return: A case of \"love, sex and dhokha\" which the lecherous hero, rather villain, sought to project as one of gang rape and murder of his wife and ended up tarring the reputation of the state so arduously earned over the years by CM Kumar and his police through their hard work...One of my colleagues claimed to \"closely know\" P Kannan, an IPS officer and husband of Lakhisarai SP, S Premlata. He spoke to Kannan, Kannan spoke to Premlata. My colleague then spoke to Premlata who complained about TOI's coverage of the incident as a gang rape-cum-murder story. We are out to undo that; to report the truth, she was told. A little later, Lakhisarai Town police inspector - one Mr Tiwary -- called up, talked about \"SP Ma'am's instruction\" and asked what he could do to help. Just organize a meeting with Naresh and Khushboo, my colleague told him. He said he would call back. He never did.After a six-hour journey, marred by traffic snarls in the scorching heat, the TOI team reached Lakhisarai and found the SP holding a \"meeting\" of officials at the Town police station. It was not the day of monthly crime meeting. There hadn't taken place another major crime in the district. Since the SP is new, it's a meeting of \"parichay-paati\" (introduction), one constable said. The introductory meeting went on... One, two, three, four hours... At 8 pm, we left Lakhisarai for Patna - without meeting a single cop who could brief us about the details of how the case was solved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12512762", "title": "Indore court-warrant", "text": "INDORE: The court of chief judicial magistrate Priyadarshan Sharma on Monday issued a non bailable warrant against former Bhopal jail superintendent Lalji Mishra in connection with a custodial death during his tenure as superintendent of Indore central prison in 2007.The CJM court, which issued the order for non-bailable warrant, also rejected an application moved by Mishra under section 210 of CrPC, seeking a stay on the proceedings through the complaint case against him and call for a report on the matter from the police officer conducting the investigation.The copy of the order, passed on March 30, was made available to the complainant on Tuesday. Mishra has now been shifted to the office of Inspector General (Jails).Mishra's application was rejected on the grounds that the CJM was not a trial court and higher court did not quash the CJM's order of August 17, 2011 registering a case under Section 302 and issue non-bailable arrest warrant against him.\"Lalji Mishra had moved the application in light of the Supreme Court's February 10 order which asked him to raise objections, if any, before the trial court,\" said complainant's counsel Shivshankar Dashore, adding that the CJM ordered for the arrest of the accused before the next hearing on April 26.One Pappu alias Babulal had died on March 7, 2007 while he was being treated for injuries allegedly caused due to torture by jail staff at the Central Jail on February 25, 2007.\"The wife of the deceased, Gyarsibai, had lodged a complaint case against the then jail superintendent, Lalji Mishra, and 14 others before the JMFC in 2007,\" Dashore said adding that based on the application, the court had ordered to register the case against Mishra and 14 others under Section 302 of the IPC. The MG Road Indore police had registered a murder case against Mishra and 14 others in 2007.\"However, during the investigation, the town inspector, MG Road left out Lalji Mishra's name from the list of the accused on the ground that he was not present at the central jail at the time of the incident,\" said complainant's counsel.Dissatisfied with the investigation, Gyarsibai filed a private complaint again against Mishra. Following this, the CJM ordered to register the case against Mishra under Section 302 of the IPC on August 17, 2011 and issued non-bailable warrant against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "12512655", "title": "Gold jewellery worth Rs 1.5 lakh stolen", "text": "BIJAPUR: In two different incidents, gold ornaments worth more than Rs 1.5 lakh were stolen in the district on Saturday.According to a complaint filed by Sayyed Samiulla Khadri with Golgummaz police, four persons entered his house breaking the door of the underground room open and made away with gold ornaments, cash and 8 wrist watches worth Rs 82,000. Some important documents indicating the misuse of Wakf property are also missing.He named Sayyadkashim Khadri alias Sarakar Pasha Jagirdar, Sayyad Mustafa Khadri alias Gayaspasha Jagirdar, Sayyad Tahir Sayyad Kashim Khadri Jagirdar and Sayyad Attar Sayyadkashim Khadri Jagirdar, all from Gacchinamahal locality in the city, as suspects in the complaint.In another incident, gold jewellery worth Rs 23,000 was stolen from a house at Devar Hulugabal village in Muddebihal.The miscreants gained entry into the house breaking the main door of the house open. They fled with the suitcase where ornaments were kept. The empty suitcase was later found near Urdu school.Muddebihal police have registered a case based on the complaint lodged by Chennappa Hanamantary Gulbal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12512685", "title": "Man who made Threat call to Nehru, one arrested", "text": "TRICHY: The Trichy police on Monday arrested a 43-year-old person for threatening to kill former minister and DMK leader K N Nehru in a similar fashion like his brother, K N Ramajayam, who was murdered by some unidentified men on March 29. The caller, Shanmugavel had made the call to Nehru's Thillainagar office number from his mobile phone on March 31, which was attended by one Balraj, an aide at the office. Shanmugavel hails from Perumpathur village in Sankarankoil taluk in Tirunelveli district.Based on the outcome of the preliminary interrogation with Shanmugavel, Trichy police commissioner Shailesh Kumar Yadav said the caller was incensed because a temporary appointment order for the post of a conductor in the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation (TNSTC) that was handed down to him in February 2008 was been honoured.Yadav said that Shanmugavel had met Nehru, who was the then transport minister, and was already in possession of latter's office telephone number. He had also visited Nehru's Trichy office on a couple of occasions.Asked about the immediate provocation for Shanmugavel to give vent to his anger against Nehru, Yadav said the matter was still under investigation. If need be, Shanmugavel, who is already under judicial custody would be taken into police custody for further investigation. The police also chose to treat Shanmugavel's threat call to Nehru's office as a separate issue having no direct link with Ramajayam's murder.Yadav also said that Shanmugavel had told the police that he held Nehru responsible as the temporary appointment order, which was offered to him was later cancelled.Shanmugavel had also told the police that he came to know about Ramajayam's death through the media, and thus he resolved to make the threat call.Police have now handed over the mobile instrument and the SIM card used by Shanmgavel to the custody of the court. A copy of the appointment order issued in favour of Shanmugavel is also in possession of the commissioner, who however, said he would not vouch whether it was genuine or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12516494", "title": "Sony Music enters Mollywood", "text": "Global music label Sony Music will be launching in Kerala with the upcoming album of Saachin and Sreejith titled Yuvvh.The multi-genre album boasts of pop, reggae and hip hop tunes appealing to the youth and also adding an international flavour to the record company's first venture in the state.\"Our concept was to bring in international music to Malayalam industry, and so we pitched the idea to Sony executives. They thought the idea would be apt for their launch to Malayalam music scenes,\" says Chennai-based sound engineer Sreejith.The duo has composed music for the album, which will be launched on April 5 along with the music video of the first single Nenjodu Cherthu featuring actor Nivin Pauly and Nazriya Nazim. It will also mark Ennammo Edho crooner Aalaap Raju's first song in Malayalam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12511299", "title": "New tax system in Thane", "text": "THANE: The Thane Municipal Corporation (TMC) has decided to calculate property tax in the city on the basis of capital value of the residential or commercial property. Calling the initiative part of a resource mobilization plan and a more realistic approach to tax assessments, municipal commissioner RA Rajeev said the new system will be people-friendly and transparent.Citizens will get two months to submit the forms to the TMC office. The percentage of the payable tax will be decided by TMC general body.Over two lakh properties in the Thane corporation limits will be reassessed based on the laid down norms such as the ready reackoner rates in the area, the age of the property etc.Calling the initiative part of a resource mobilization plan and a more realistic approach to tax assessments, municipal commissioner RA Rajeev said the new system will be people-friendly and transparent.\"It is a self-assessment system wherein individual property owners will have to fill in and submit a four-page form providing details of their property, age of the property, whether it is legal or illegal, etc,\" he saidCitizens will be given two months to submit the forms to the TMC office. The percentage of the property tax payable will be decided by the general body of the corporation.Thane would probably be the first city in the state to implement captial value based tax regime. Though the Mumbai corporation had carried out relevant amendments to the act to introduce such a system it is still to put it to implementation.The new system, however, is likely to invite widespread criticism from Thaneites as the procedure for submission appears to be complex.Citizens are also wary of the threat by the municipal commissioner that should the civic authorities detect any undervaluation of the property or information is sought to be hidden then the penalty would be ten times of the property tax payable to the TMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511854", "title": "Juhu accident: Auto driver implores cops to return sole means of income", "text": "MUMBAI: The collateral damage in the Juhu drunk-driving mishap has been autorickshaw driver Darogakumar Maurya's. His sole means of livelihood, the auto, has been temporarily taken away by cops, and most of his time is spent visiting the Santa Cruz police station.A resident of the Guzdar Bandh slums at Santa Cruz (West), Maurya drives a friend's auto for a living. He had parked it on Juhu Tara Road on Friday night and was sleeping on the backseat, when an inebriated computer engineer, Rahul Mishra, slammed his car into the rickshaw.\"We are at our wit's end running around for this case. The police have seized the auto for inspection and have not given it back despite three days having passed since the mishap,\" said Maurya's relative MD Shaikh, who accompanies him to the police station every day. \"The police asked us to produce original documents of the vehicle along with Maurya's driving licence and badge. We brought the papers but do not know when we will get them back.\"Maurya said the auto was bought by his friend with a bank loan, which has to be repaid in monthly instalments. Apart from worrying about running his house, Maurya said he feels guilty about the hardship caused to his friend.\"I do not mind making trips to the police station every day or deposing as a witness in court as long as the auto, along with all original documents, is returned by the police. I have been asking officials every day when I will back get my vehicle but they give evasive replies. On their suggestion, I even got the vehicle repaired,\" said Maurya. He added that Mishra's family had promised to pay him for the damages caused to the auto but have not done so yet.After the mishap on Saturday, Maurya was taken to Cooper Hospital by the police. He received stitches for a wound on the back of his head and was discharged the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12513343", "title": "State mulling plan for new dam for city", "text": "PUNE: The state government is considering a proposal for construction of a new dam to meet the increasing water requirement of the city. The issue was discussed in the state legislative council on Monday.A 'calling attention motion' was tabled in the council by members of the legislative council (MLCs) from the city on the issues of recent water shortage.The city has been facing water cuts since March 1 due to low availability of water in the four dams supplying water to the city, agricultural and industrial areas. Only 3 TMC water will be made available to meet the city's drinking water needs till July 15.\"The city MLCs raised the issue of the city's water problems - the sudden decline in the water availability for the city and the recent water cuts,\" said Shiv Sena MLC Neelam Gorhe. She said, \"The government assured us that it will soon take a call on the proposal for a new dam to provide more water for the city.\"Congress MLC Mohan Joshi said that the issue of water thefts was also highlighted in the legislative council. \"The government has given an assurance to look into the matter and take measures to reduce the thefts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12512134", "title": "Mamata's U-turn on Park Street rape case", "text": "KOLKATA: Coming under attack for calling the Park Street rape case as \"cooked up to malign the government\", chief minister Mamata Banerjee did a U-turn and assured all help to the team of National Commission for Women (NCW) who met her at Writers' Buildings on Monday.The three-member team of NCW had come to the state to ensure that rape complaints are probed properly and culprits taken to task.Learning it hard from the Park Street rape malady that she had once rubbished as \"cooked up to malign the government\", chief minister Mamata Banerjee took a U turn on Monday and assured all help to the team of National Commission of Women (NCW) who had come all the way to ensure that the rape complaints are probed properly and the culprits taken to task.Emerging out of the meeting with the chief minister at Writers', team leader Anita Agnihotri said that the meeting was \"fruitful\". Anita also clarified that they had not \"targeted Bengal\", but had come on a visit to the state after examining similar complaints in Jharkhand, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Odisha.have come after examining similar complaints in other states Jharkhand, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Odisha.The purpose of the visit was to interact with the state administration and submit a report along with recommendations on ways to curb violence against women.\"We had a fruitful meeting with the chief minister and the police. The commission will go back and work on its recommendations that will be sent to the government within the next 15 days,\" said Anita after the meeting. Agnihotri said after the meeting.Chief secretary Samar Ghosh, home secretary GD Gautama, police commissioner RK Pachnanda and IG (law and order) Surajit Kar Purakayastha were also present at the meeting. The three-member committee will meet members of the State Commission for Women on Monday. on Tuesday.Refraining from rating Bengal on crime against women, the NCW team leader said, Agnihotri refrained from rating Bengal in the crime against women graph.\"This is precisely beyond our brief. As you know we are not an implementing body. Our job is defined. Such incidents are happening in other states as well which is why we are touring various places.\"The NCW team was impressed with the government's \"positive attitude.\"When asked about the meeting, Anita said: Agnihotri said:\"The chief minister was very positive. The CM and the chief secretary gave us a lot of time. The CM has assured us a neutral probe in all the cases followed by conviction. We discussed all the recent incidents and their different dimensions. The Commission has already initiated some cases suo motu.\"The spurt in incidents of rape at Park Street, Katwa, Malda and Polba drew the attention of the National Commission for Women. Mamata Banerjee's comment on the Park Street incident being \"cooked up\" and the rape case Katwa being \"fabricated\" had also drawn criticism from several quarters.The recent spurt in rape incidents at Park Street, Katwa, Malda and Polba in Hooghly and the CM's initial denial of the Park Street and Katwa rape drew the attention of the National Commission of Women. The CM opined the other day that the Park Street incident was \"cooked up\" to malign the government and also said that the Katwa rape incident was \"fabricated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12512794", "title": "BJP corporators attend MCC meeting convened by mayor", "text": "MANGALORE: BJP corporators, after playing hardball over the election of chairpersons of four standing committees of Mangalore City Corporation, attended the meeting convened by mayor Gulzaar Banu here on Monday. They had abstained from meetings convened by the mayor, who is from the Congress, on March 16 and 24 on grounds the BJP had challenged her election before the district and sessions court as well as before the Karnataka high court.Their action, BJP corporators told The Times of India, was guided by the fact that the party would have lost further ground had they abstained from the meeting. Harish Kumar, commissioner at the general meeting on Saturday had clarified that it is the discretionary power of the mayor to condone absence of members from meetings of the standing committees or the council irrespective of the fact that they had moved an application seeking permission to do so.In this scenario, nominations of BJP corporators to standing committees would have been annulled on grounds that they were absent for three consecutive meetings of the standing committees and the regional commissioner, Mysore would have had to conduct elections afresh to reconstitute the committees. Unlike, election to the post of mayor and deputy mayor, elections to standing committees is by preferential system of voting.Congress in this scenario would have gained two seats taking their strength to four in the seven-member committees, reducing the strength of the BJP to three and giving the grand old party the control over the committees. While BJP corporators acknowledged this in private, officially their stand was they were bound by the directive of the party to be present for the elections to the post of chairpersons, which the mayor conducted and BJP nominees won.Accordingly, Shantha R will now head the taxation, finance and appeals standing committee, Bhaskar Chandra Shetty, the public health, education and social justice standing committee, Yashwanth Meenakaliya, town planning and development standing committee, and Harish, the accounts standing committee. BJP is pinning its hopes on high court, which has reserved its orders on their writ petition challenging Gulzaar's election, to Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12511389", "title": "Winged visitors no longer frequent flyers", "text": "PANAJI: The arrival of tourists may have been satisfactory this season, but the lesser number of winged visitors at the usual birding spots has disappointed birders and raised a question mark over the status of Goa's wetlands and water bodies.Regular birders in Goa are a rare breed themselves. But a few who have been moving around with their binoculars or spotting-scopes, are not happy with the sightings in lakes and wetlands in Goa. Heinz Lainer, a veteran birder, who did a bike tour of most wetlands in Tiswadi during mid-season couldn't hide his disappointment. \"All in all, it is good enough to occupy a birdwatcher for a day but not much more,\" he wrote to his fellow birders in an online post.Describing his full-day bike-tour, as not exactly interesting bird-watching, he said. \"The tank at Vaddy, Merces was totally dry (apparently, nobody bothered to dam it up in September/October) but at least offered ten white-necked storks and 13 oriental white ibises some swampy ground to forage on,\" he said.The Curca saltpans were almost devoid of waders apart from a few red and green shanks, three marsh sandpipers and seven small pratincoles. Lainer's visit to Agassaim river-beach and Pilar lake, which was in a muddle due to the beautification being done by water resources department, proved to be uneventful.\"As a consolation, there was a white-eyed buzzard at the foot of the (Pilar) hill,\" he wrote.Other birders are also perplexed by the desertion of the usual sites by the winged visitors. \"We don't really know what has happened,\" says Paresh Gosavi, a regular birder. But responding to Lainer's dissatisfaction at Pilar, he added, \"We had to satisfy ourselves counting fewer whistling teals and cormorants.\"Moving on to otherwise promising Neura-Mandur belt, the birders also reported fewer sightings in the khazan area. But most birders are disturbed by the abandonment of Carambolim lake, a site designated as an important bird area (IBA) in Goa. \"The Carambolim tank is a picture of desolation. Apart from about 1,500 lesser whistling ducks and a few of the most common waterfowl, there are no birds worth mentioning,\" Lainer added.Lainer and some other birders recall it would be difficult to see the sky through the cloud of ducks, many years ago. \"Gone are the days of 70,000 northern pintails,\" says Lainer. But Gosavi pointed out that this was the scenario more than three decades ago. \"There was hardly any development around the lakes then,\" Gosavi said. Increasing construction activity has been noticed around the rim of the lake. A patch of tree cover on its northern border has been cleared.The birders noticed more activity outside the lake. \"The adjoining fields had more birding activity with Baillon's Crake and ruddy shell ducks about a dozen,\" Gosavi said.But birders had something to cheer about in Batim, and Dhado, Carambolim. Lainer reported seeing about 100 Pacific golden plovers, one grey plover, 30 black-tailed godwits, 10-odd marsh sandpipers, 80-odd curlew sandpipers and three dunlins.The Batim tank was full of ducks: 6,000 lesser whistling ducks, a few cotton teals, two spot-billed ducks, 140 northern pintails, 2,000 garganeys and 100 common teals. Batim wetland has more diversity than Carmabolim lake. \"We have to find out reasons for the displacement of birds and work out wildlife management prescriptions and techniques,\" the official said.Agreed Parag Rangnekar, a member of Goa bird conservation network. \"These fluctuations need to be studied to ascertain the reasons and factors influencing the phenomenon,\" he said.Maintaining records and systematic documentation of bird life is important, says a birding enthusiast, Tallulah D'Silva. \"We should keep track of any adverse activity that can cause harm to the natural water body and write to appellate body for buffer zone - 500 to 800 m to prevent influx of sewage ino it,\" she said.\"We have to wait and watch the trend of poor arrivals for some time,\" Gosavi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511547", "title": "53 women sterilized in Bihar in 2 hours", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Guinness Book of world record would have been happy to include this feat by a surgeon on January 7 in Bihar's Araria district - 53 sterilization operations on females in two hours with the help of unqualified staff in Kaparfora Government Middle School that did not have basic amenities like running water or sterilizing equipment.Instead, the Supreme Court on Monday issued notices to the Union and state governments on a PIL alleging similar cases being repeated in most states where female sterilization (minilap procedures) were outsourced to NGOs that take help of private doctors to conduct these surgeries in woefully unhygienic conditions.Appearing for PIL petitioner Devika Biswas, a native of Araria and a health right activist, senior advocate Colin Gonsalves told a bench of Justices R M Lodha and H L Gokhale that despite extensive guidelines issued by the apex court \"inhuman sterilizations, particularly in rural areas, continue with reckless disregard for the lives of poor women\" and cited the Bihar incident as a case study.\"In clear violation of nearly all the guidelines, government Accredited Social Health Activist under National Rural Health Mission workers recruited between 50 and 63 below poverty line, scheduled caste and other backward class women for NGO (Jai Ambe Welfare Society) sterilization camp at Government Middle School, Kaparfora, on January 7. Neither the NGO nor the surgeon conducted pre-operative tests to determine suitability of the enlisted women for sterilization,\" alleged Biswas, who hails from Araria and claimed to be an eye-witness.\"As a result of these operations, three women were left profusely bleeding. Another woman was operated, despite being three-month pregnant. She miscarried days after the procedure. The surgeon left immediately after operating 53 women between 8pm and 10 pm. After the surgeries, all 53 women were crying out in pain. Though they were in desperate need of medical care, no one came to assist them,\" she added.Throughout India, rural women are routinely dehumanized in such unsanitary sterilization camps, she said. \"Reports and fact-findings from Maharashtra, Kerala and Madhya Pradesh demonstrate that standards of hygiene, consent and care are routinely ignored in sterilization camps. In all cases, poor, tribal and rural women are the victims of these unsafe and illegal practices,\" Biswas alleged.The PIL petitioner sought an independent inquiry by a body like National Alliance for Maternal Health and Human Rights into incidents narrated in the petition and also into the status of implementation of the guidelines passed by the apex court in Ramakant Rai vs. Union of India. She also sought a thorough probe into the January 7 sterilization camp incident at Kaparfora School and action against the delinquents.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12512209", "title": "State pollution board notice for HUDA over sewage treatment", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana State Pollution Control Board (HSPCB) has issued a show cause notice to the HUDA over the poor maintenance of Behrampur and Dhanwapur STP.The HSPCB had collected the samples from the plants and the laboratory reports confirm the poor quality of effluent treatment. The untreated sewage gushes out from the plant and flows via the Khandsa village, through the Najafgarh drain and finally into the Yamuna river in Delhi.The civic authority has to respond to the notice within 15 days; otherwise, the HSPCB can order the closure of the plants under section 33 A of the Water Act, 1974.A team of HSPCB had inspected the plant and taken sample effluent on March 11. As per the procedure, the HSPCB first inspects the site and after examining the exact level of violations, issues %notice to the authorities %concerned.HUDA will now have to respond to the show cause notice, explaining the reason for the high level of BOD mg/l, a unit that identifies sewage strength. At Behrampur, the laboratory analysis had found 42.50 BOD, whereas as per the rule, the limit is 30 BOD in any STP. The high BOD level means poor quality of effluent treatment. Senior HUDA officials are tight-lipped about the next course of action and most likely would be blame the private contractors hired for maintenance of the STPs.The HSPCB had also taken samples from Dhanwapur STP plant and the results are equally disturbing. The BOD level at the plant is 182 mg/l.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12516224", "title": "Kadal shoot progressing at Kottayam", "text": "Ace filmmaker Mani Ratnam's Kadal shoot is progressing at Kottayam in Kerala. Veteran actor Karthik's son Gautham, Arjun Sarja and Arvind Swamy are in Kerala for the five-day shoot.\"The Kadal team is in Kerala on a short visit and will be going back on Wednesday evening. However, the team will be back soon for a month-long schedule by the end of April or by the beginning of May,\" says a source.Kadal, as the title suggests, has sea as its backdrop. And Mani Ratnam has aptly selected Kerala for a major part of the shoot. Keeping the fishermen issue as the subject, Mani Ratnam has penned a romantic tale set in the coastal region. Samantha plays the female lead in the movie. Lakshmi Manchu is also doing an important role. A R Rahman and Rajeev Menon are handling music and cinematography respectively in Kadal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12510992", "title": "MSEDCL clarification", "text": "NAGPUR: MSEDCL has clarified regarding a news item appearing in TOI that announcement of 1,700 crore amnesty schemes by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar in legislature, is not based on facts.MERC allows 1.5% of revenue from sale of power as a provision for bad &amp; doubtful debts in each year's tariff order. From financial year 2005-06 to 2011-12 the accumulated balance provision will be about 1,706 crore as on 31st March, 2012.Since, the present provision for bad debts has been made on the basis of MERC orders, there was no need of an approval from MERC. MSEDCL has charged that MERC's consumer representatives were misleading the consumers. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511570", "title": "Drug queen made fast buck with cocaine and girls", "text": "NEW DELHI: When cops intercepted a red Hyundai on a Rajouri Garden road, little did they realize they would stumble upon a cache of drugs worth at least Rs 3 crore. And this was just the tip of the iceberg. When the inmates of the car - a suave woman and a smooth-talking businessman - began singing in custody, a high-profile sex-drug-and-betting racket was uncovered.The kingpin, Vimal Marwah, was a teacher with a public school in Punjab who took to crime after her husband abandoned her. And she was quick to strike a deal with a drug cartel and later extended her tentacles into flesh trade and also dabbled in gambling. Within a short time, she was zipping around the city in a fleet of luxury cars and hosting sleaze parties in India and abroad. She offered a unique package to her clients - cocaine and call girls. And she was much in demand at casinos and sex hubs of Nepal and Sri Lanka . But on Saturday, her dream run came to an end, hours before she was scheduled to fly to Colombo to host a party.\"We received a tip-off that the accused were passing through Rajouri Garden to deliver cocaine to a client. We first nabbed her partner, Ajay Kalra, 41. Later, we arrested Vimal and the recipient of the consignment, Arun Gupta. We seized 275 gm of cocaine. Seven passports, air tickets of Sri Lankan Airline and 2 vehicles have also been seized,\" said Ashok Chand, DCP crime. The cocaine was procured from a Nigerian, who is on the run, police said.During interrogation, Vimal disclosed she was earlier teaching at a public school after doing a B.Ed course. She got married to a businessman and moved to Delhi. A few years later, her husband dumped her and left for Mumbai. In 2004, she took to flesh trade was arrested two years later. Out on bail, she extended her business into drugs and gambling. \"She would charge Rs 30,000 for a call girl and 1gm of cocaine, police said.\"She also ran a betting syndicate during cricket matches. Her clients included top bookies of Delhi. She rented a house at Sector 28, Gurgaon and paid Rs 20,000 as rent. She also ran a beauty parlour at West Patel Nagar,\" said Ravi Shankar , Addl DCP, crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12512555", "title": "Power discoms delays caused losses in crores in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana power discoms not only indulged in wasteful expenditure but also delayed the completion of a number of projects, causing huge losses.As per the Comptroller and Auditor General's (CAG) report, due to the delays by the discoms in completing and commissioning projects, consumers also could not avail benefits as envisaged in the detailed project reports.The report states that the discoms delayed the completion of as many as 124 sub-stations of 33-KV capacity between 2006 and 2010 causing a loss of envisaged benefits worth over Rs 61 crore.The Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (UHBVN) delayed 34 sub-station projects by six months, 30 by almost a year, 16 by two years and two projects for over two years.Similarly, the Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) delayed 16 projects for six months, 22 projects for a year, one project for more than a year and two projects for more than two years.The report states that the discoms also failed to recover dues worth Rs 115 crore from the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA), which had agreed to share the cost for the upgradation of sub-stations.As per the report, the discoms also failed to properly implement Rajiv Gandhi Rural Electrification Scheme, which was launched in 2005, for providing electricity connections to BPL families.While the UHBVN incurred expenditure in excess of the funds received, the DHBVN could not fully utilize the funds.The UHBVN spent Rs 18.09 crore on the scheme and in excess of the funds it received and since it met the expenditure from borrowed funds, this resulted into interest loss of Rs 2.97 crore, says the CAG report.However, on the other hand, DHBVN did not utilize Rs 14.01 crore due to delay in completion of works by contractors.The report adds that there was also a delay in the completion of the rural electrification scheme depriving the BPL families the benefits envisages in the project reports.Failing to utilize funds amounting to Rs 49.68 crore received under the power development and reforms programme, the discoms were also bogged down by power thefts and aggregate technical and commercial losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12516544", "title": "Cellphone junkie checks into rehab", "text": "Cellphone junkie Meghna Jadhav, a junior college student, goes on rehab for a week and lives to tell her tele-taleWhen we read about studies that say people increase their productivity on a 'cell phone break' and are, in fact, happier, we decided to find a junkie who would be willing to let go of their pet device to prove this to us.Meghna Jadhav, a 16-year-old FYJC student of St Xavier's College, confessed to being a complete mobile addict. But then she bravely volunteered for a week of detox.She has been using a cell phone since she was 15. She doesn't let go of her six-month old smartphone for a moment. Her friends swear she couldn't live without it. Her mother recounts how Meghna once \"consoled\" a friend who lost his phone.\"Although everybody thinks I only text on the phone, I use it for writing poetry, jotting down weird things I notice, and reading online.\" Other uses include inform ing her mother about her whereabouts, co-ordinating meetings and commutes with friends and also storing information. She admits that Facebook and text messages are very distracting.Despite that, Meghna handed over her Blackberry to Mumbai Mirror on March 22 and got it back only on March 30. Her big lesson after a cell-phone free week? \"You don't need it as much as you think you do.\"Back to basicsThe whole week without these was full of surprises and lessons for her, although it began on a shaky note with day one spent almost entirely on the laptop to keep a tab on friends' Facebook activities. The other way to keep in touch with friends was the landline, but she was only able to call those few whose numbers she had memorised. Since she used her phone diary, Meghna had no written records to fall back on. On the second day she took down her classmates' numbers in a book and even memorised the important ones.Meghna still needed to keep her mother informed. Although friends' phones were an option, she also discovered quaint PCOs. She realised, for the first time, that her college actually had some. Meghna ensured she figured out a few around the Thane station.Stop watchHer hour-long commute to college consisted of \"plugging in and closing my eyes.\" Now, she had reason to look out the window and open her eyes to the route she has been taking for the last eight months.The teenager found time to revisit reading. Having picked up The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo to kill time, she finished the 554 page book in three days. And this, while she prepared for her ongoing exams. Her preparation also went smoother. She usually struggles to get rid of her phone and focus on studies. She noticed she could concentrate better and for longer.Gets personalWhile Meghna retained all she studied, she forgot something important - a friend's birthday. Shirin, her best friend, tells us Meghna is always the first to wish people on birthdays. On Sunday, she remembered her classmate's birthday only in the evening.\"Usually, I send people a text message. This time I called from the landline. It was more personal.\"Interactions with others also changed for the better. She has over 400 friends on Facebook. \"There are people with whom I exchange texts regularly. But when we come face to face, there is only an awkward silence. In the past week, I have been talking to them in person and they even asked me where my phone was,\" she says with a smile. So much so that she made a new friend on the train, who she discovered was in her college.Co-ordinating with others seemed tricky at first. But her mother explained how they operated in the pre-cell phone era when she was a student. \"Call before leaving, name the exact meeting spot and be there on time.\"Meghna was left out of the frenzied exchanges between her classmates over the exam. They were circulating cellphone images of notes. Our volunteer had to settle for an e-mail.A day before her Chemistry exam, she had to write the syllabus down. \"It helped me know beforehand what I had to study. If I had clicked a photo as always, I would have had to keep looking at it. There would have been the added distractions of text messages and updates.\"She rates her experience as \"definitely good.\" Although she 'yays' when her phone is returned, she says she can now do without it too. She may have missed out on making a note of things she found weird but nothing more than that. As if it were a de-addiction exercise, Meghna feels that she won't be as glued to the phone any more.mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511525", "title": "Builders may have to reveal water source for permission", "text": "MUMBAI: In bad news for developers who are reeling with amendments in development control regulations, the state government is mulling an option where builders will be allowed to begin construction only after they inform the civic body how they will arrange water for the occupants.\"With an increase in high-rises in urban areas, demand for water will always be on the rise. But there is no change in the source of water. If this continues, there will be a difference in demand and supply. The state government plans to impose a condition on developers that they have to disclose before beginning construction how and where they will make arrangements for water,\" Bhaskar Jadhav, minister of state for urban development, told the legislative council on Monday. Jadhav said the government had appointed a panel to look into the issue.The minister was replying to a calling attention motion moved by Dipti Chaudhary (Congress) on the issue of water scarcity in Pune. \"Despite good rainfall in the state, why has the Pune Municipal Corporation announced a water cut? If the issue in not resolved, the administration will have to face public ire,\" Chaudhary added.Mohan Joshi (Congress) cited the administration's failure to generate new resources of water in Pune. \"Pune's population was around 10 lakh, but according to the 2011 census, it has gone up to over 40 lakh. The source of water for the 40 lakh people is similar to what it was for over 10 lakh people. What is the government doing to find new resources of water?\" Joshi asked.Jadhav said, \"There is only one dam from where Pune's requirements are met. The government is considering another dam.\" He said the government would restrict permission for new buildings which fail to submit water resources for their project.An official attached to Jadhav's department said, \"The idea is to make residents use borewell water for toilets, and for washing clothes and cars.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511049", "title": "4 food stalls in CST concourse removed", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR) has removed four food stalls which were located in the main concourse in the suburban section of the iconic Chattrapati Shivaji Terminus building. The action will open up space for better circulation of commuter, besides enhancing the beauty of the station - a UNESCO approved world heritage site.A senior CR official said, \"Apart from being an eyesore, the stalls were not required at this spot as there are plethora of such kiosk selling food item, beverages and water in an around the CST.\"The decision will bring cheers on the face of commuter who struggle to move in and out of the station, especially during the peak hours due to lack of space. The official said, \"One of the reasons the stalls were removed were because these stalls attracted a lot of crowd, blocking the entrance and exit to the underground sub-way as well as the booking office.\"The area was also littered with food crumbs and plastic bags. The official said, \"Though the vendor had kept a dust-bin, the area around the food stalls looked unity and flooring become grimy. It was tedious task to keep the area clean.\"Commuters have welcomed the decision of the CR to remove these food stalls from CST.Subhash Gupta, Member, Zonal Rail User's Consultative Committee (ZRUCC) said, \"I had taken up this issue on several occasion in the past. Apart from being a security riks, , the stalls and the crowd around it dwarfed the booking offices behind, thus inconveniencing commuters.\"Anil Shah, a commuter said, \"Food stalls should be removed from the platform area from all the station. Instead, separate area should be earmarked at the station where such facilities can be provided. \"Suhasini Nair, another commuter said, \"Food stalls are a necessity on platforms were long distance train make a halt. Usually, passengers of long distance train are more in need of such facilities. However, blocking space for canteens and food kiosks dos not make sense on crowded platforms.\"Many of these stalls had also brought a bad name to the railways as some of the vendors ere recently penalized for charging rates above the prescribed limits. The official said, \"The action may lead to a dip in revenue, but it will definitely bring smiles on the faces of commuters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12513533", "title": "Rude personnel, slow process of immigration tick travellers off", "text": "CHENNAI: \"Officials are awful. The security staff scold passengers and make you feel uncomfortable . The immigration process takes too long and the staff have a long face, but luckily they don't scold the passengers,\" wrote a Sri Lankan passenger on an airport review website Skytrax about Chennai airport in the first week of this month.Several comments that follow reveal the rude behaviour of the immigration, customs and security personnel, which has created a bad impression among international travellers. Many passengers who have travelled to international destinations have a similar opinion about the airport facilities too.Though the Airports Authority of India is building a new international terminal, which is expected to be open by June, there is no effort to increase manpower at immigration and customs departments. Incoming passengers are affected the most. Passengers who arrive after a long flight are often forced to wait in queues for hours to clear immigration . Customs officials, handicapped by a severe staff shortage, cannot check all the passengers. \"Nothing has changed at the airport despite repeated complaints and suggestions. Immigration staff cannot handle the crowd if two or more flights arrive one after another. I have seen passengers stand in the queue for a long time to clear immigration. Several passengers have called our office to complain about this. The immigration system is efficient , but they need to man more counters to prevent passengers from waiting,\" said Air Passenger Association of India national president D Sudhakara Reddy.In other airports, passengers do not have to wait this long to clear immigration, says a senior official of an international airline . \"Immigration and customs formalities are completed remarkably fast at private airports in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Delhi and Mumbai,\" he said.The delay also causes confusion at the baggage retrieval area. Many passengers miss their bags because they are held up at the immigration queue. By the time they come to the baggage conveyor, some other passenger may have inadvertently picked up their bags. Departing passengers also face a problem. There is often a huge crowd of passengers waiting to go through immigration at night when most of international flights depart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12510980", "title": "4 chain snatchings, bag lifting in a day", "text": "NAGPUR: A spate of crimes were reported from various parts of the city on Monday. Four cases of chain snatchings and one bag-lifting were reported at separate city police stations.Around 7am, at Hiwari Layout, 80-year-old Ramila Patel had gone to a nearby temple when two youths threatened her and fled with gold bangles worth Rs 54,000 from her. Nandanvan police have registered a case.In another incident, Kamla Bakal (75) was standing near the main gate of her residence at Pandey Layout when two youths on a bike stopped to ask an address and snatched her chain.In the evening, a senior citizen was robbed and a bag with 50,000 was lifted under the jurisdiction of Ambazari police station, while one more chain snatching was reported at Dhantoli police station. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511037", "title": "Marathi to be a must for auto licence applicants", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government will make knowledge of Marathi compulsory for all autorickshaw licence applicants. The announcement to this effect was made by minister of state for transport Gulabrao Deokar in the state legislative council on Monday.\"Knowledge of regional language is must for those who apply for the autorickshaw licence,\" Deokar said in the council. The minister was replying to a calling attention motion raised in the house. The motion on the menace of auto rickshaw drivers was raised by Alka Desai (Congress).Participating in the debate, Neelam Gorhe and Ramdas Kadam (both Shiv Sena ) cited that many of auto rickshaw drivers lacked the knowledge of Marathi. \"License should be issued only if the applicant knows Marathi,\" Kadam said in his speech. Gorhe further said, \"Whenever you interact with auto rickshaw drivers most of the time Hindi is the language used for giving the reply. License issuing authority should take exams in Marathi.\"Replying to the query, Deokar said, \"Yes, knowledge of regional language is compulsory for procuring auto rickshaw license.\" Following the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena's pro-Marathi campaign, the Sena too has been harping on the issue.Vidya Chavan (NCP) said, \"Refusal of fare is the major issue faced by most of the commuters. Unofficially there are share-a-rickshaw system in some parts of the city. The government should make the share system official. It will help in resolving the issue.\" NCP MLC Hemant Takle pointed out that the process of fitting electronic meters in rickshaws was very slow as so far less than 400 rickshaws have been fitted with metres. Takle said that since there are over 7.50 lakh rickshaws in the state, the process to cover all rickshaws would take years at the current pace. Desai, who had moved the motion, said, \"The government should take the initiative and fit metres rather than outsourcing the task to private players. Involving private players would increase the chance of metre tampering.\"Deokar in his reply stated that at some places share-a- -rickshaw opreates officially and the government would consider giving similar permission in other places too. \"A decision and action will soon be taken in this connection.\" \"The electronic metres will be fitted within a scheduled time frame. Also, the 11 companies who have been assigned the job of fitting metres are selected by a tender process leaving no room for any malpractices,\" the minister added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12515721", "title": "Eega songs on iTunes", "text": "T-town's battle against piracy may have fizzled out, but not for Tollywood filmmaker SS Rajamouli. The filmmaker took to a popular micro-blogging site to urge fans not to resort to piracy. In a bid to curb piracy and stop fans from streaming and downloading pirated tracks, the film's makers have made songs of \" Eega\" available on iTunes. Rajamouli's tweeted, \"For people who don't like to listen to pirated content, \"Eega\" songs are on iTunes...\", on early Tuesday morning - four days after the film's audio launch.iTunes is a free application that lets one download, play and organize music and videos on the computer.The step to curb piracy sure is praise-worthy and we hope to see fellow filmmakers in Tollywood follow suit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12512675", "title": "Kochi Corporation to start its own boat service", "text": "KOCHI: Kochi Corporation's decision to start its own boat services is expected to put an end to boat passengers' woes.Inconsistent services and congested travelling have been troubling passengers for a long time now. Increasing the frequency and number of boats have been a long-time demand of passengers who come to the city from Fort Kochi, Mattancherry, Vypeen and Mulavukad.S K K Nair, former MD, Kerala Shipping and Inland Navigation Corporation (KSINC), and a member of Better Kochi Response Group (BKRG), said the corporation waking up to the possibilities of water transport was a welcome gesture. But efforts should be made to ensure that the project takes off.\"For the last many years we have been approaching government officials including the mayor for developing water transport facilities. But the plan to float a company is absurd since Kerala already has KSINC and the process for setting up a body will delay the process. What we need immediately is the procurement of modern speed boats and identifying stretches to operate them. We already have many jetties that need to be modernized. Within six months people will start availing the service if they find it viable,\" Nair said.At one point of time, four government departments used to operate boat services in the city with more than 50 boats. Kerala State Road Transportation Corporation (KSRTC), KSINC, State Water Transport Department (SWTD) and Kochi Corporation were the operators, but now only SWTD is in the business, he said.SWTD now has eight boats conducting services between 4.45am and 9.30pm. These services, available every 15 minutes, if department information is to be believed, are one of the high-earning public transportation facilities in the city.\"Water transport has high potential, but it remains underutilized,\" said Joseph Xavier, SWTD regional transport superintendent. P M Subair, teacher, Santa Cruz School in Fort Kochi, said it was appalling to see school kids travelling in congested boats during peak hours. \"Old boats add to the worry of passengers. The new announcement is surely welcome,\" he said.Meanwhile, a senior official of the planning department in the corporation said that formalities related to forming the company were progressing swiftly and that boat services were expected to commence by the year end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12513463", "title": "Airport operations in dire straits", "text": "CHENNAI: For an international airport that manages 350-450 flights a day and 10 million passengers a year, Chennai airport has less than 50% of the total sanctioned immigration , customs and security officers. Though Chennai airport needs more 300 immigration officers, it has only 70.Official sources said smaller airports have more officers than the prescribed number and they sit idle. Immigration , customs and security officers are deputed according to the airport's passenger and flight handling capacity. As Chennai gears up to commission the new international terminal and open the secondary runway , which will double the passenger traffic, officials estimate that the airport will need at least 150 additional staff in the next couple of months.\"The airport terminal is likely to be ready by June 2012 and at least 18 new counters will be opened in the new terminal. If the customs and immigration directorates do not take any immediate steps, it will be very chaotic at the new terminal,\" said a senior immigration official.Though the state government had earlier promised to depute 50 officials from state cadre to resolve the staff shortage in immigration section, the y are yet to join. Chennai airport has only one fourth of the customs and immigration staff strength at Kochi and Bangalore airports, said a senior customs official.\"The staff strength at Hyderabad and Bangalore airports is three times their requirement and these airports handle fewer flights than Chennai. A rational allocation of customs and immigration officials will resolve this problem,\" said the official.While Kochi airport has 240 immigration staff, Chennai manages its entire traffic with less than 100 officers . \"The issue has to be settled immediately as it is not only a matter of passenger inconvenience, but also of safety,\" he said.Officials at the Chennai airport said deploying manpower at all the counters is impossible due to the acute staff shortage. Only two or three counters are opened.\"There is a quick movement of traffic in other major airports in south India, while Chennai which has more flight services, still struggles to maintain a normal clearance operation during peak hours. The issue of shortage has been notified several times to the higher authorities. The recruitment and further allotments of officials is a time-consuming process as the candidates have to undergo several training sessions,\" said a senior customs official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12512915", "title": "Are TET, admission delays responsible for BEd's losing charm?", "text": "LUCKNOW: It seems that Uttar Pradesh is witnessing saturation when it comes to pursue Bachelor of Education. Unlike previous years, when the number of applicants exceeded 5.31 lakh, this year, 3.78 lakh candidates have evinced their interest towards BEd. Thanks to the lengthy admission procedure, selection criteria and most importantly, the Teacher Eligibility Test (TET), the number of aspirants has come down.Officials at Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University, Faizabad, which will conduct the BEd - joint entrance exam (JEE) 2012, blame the TET for the tremendous dip in the number of applicants. \"BEd is no more a criteria for getting jobs in primary and upper primary schools. Hence, the candidates have themselves opted a way out. But, now since TET has failed to provide employment, the figures might rise in the coming years,\" said SK Shukla, university registrar.Experts highlight reasons such as mismanagement in conduct of examination and round the year counselling, which has led to great disenchantment among the candidates. \"Once perceived as a job-oriented course, BEd is no more lucrative. The employment quotient has gone down after the government putting a full stop in special BTC for BEd candidates,\" said an official.In fact, many others feel that UP will soon be a state where supply will outstrip demand. This has already happened in Haryana. \"Recruitment in government primary institutions happens at a snail's pace. Moreover, the salary given to the teachers is too low. Hence, there is a resistance among the candidates opt for teaching,\" said a teacher in Lucknow University.The state, however, saw a surge in BEd applicants in the year 2010-11, when Lucknow University conducted the exam. As many as 6.92 lakh BEd applications were received by the university. Experts, however, reasoned that the sudden increase in the number of applicants was because the previous year (2009-10) was a zero year. This year, the exam is scheduled on April 23, and the results are likely to be announced on May 21. The counselling procedure will begin from first week of June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12513342", "title": "UP Legislative Council polls on Apr 26", "text": "LUCKNOW: With the terms of 13 members of State Legislative Council of Uttar Pradesh expiring on May 5, the Election Commission (EC) has announced to hold biennial elections to the Legislative Council on April 26. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav is expected to contest the election.The notification for the Council elections would be issued on April 9 and the last date of filing nominations is April 16. After scrutiny the next day, it has fixed April 19 as the last date for withdrawal of candidatures. While polling would be held between on April 26 (Thursday) from 9 am to 4 pm, counting would start at 5 pm the same day and the whole election process has to be completed by April 30.The 13 MLCs of Uttar Pradesh whose terms are expiring on May 5 include Ashok Dhawan, Kashi Nath, Khwaja Haleem, Pradeep Kumar, Dayaram, Naresh Chandra Uttam, Babu Singh, Rampati Ram, Rakesh Singh Rana, Ram Naresh Rawat, Sunil Kumar and Harpal Saini. Of these, six are of Samajwadi Party, four belong to Bahujan Samaj Party , and three are from Bharatiya Janata Party .Members of the UP Legislative Assembly (MLAs) will elect the MLCs in the biennial council elections. As per the latest party position in the 403-member state assembly, the SP with 224 MLAs can at least elect seven council members for the 13 seats falling vacant. Similarly, BSP with 80 members can elect four. Congress-RLD alliance and BJP can elect one each.At present, BSP has majority in 100-member legislative council. The party-wise position is: BSP 63, SP 13, BJP 9, Congress 3, teachers 7 and independents 4.Lobbying for selection of candidates for the council biennial elections has already begun in all the parties. While some of the retiring members are trying for re-nomination, a few big leaders who lost in the recent assembly elections are want their respective parties to nominate them.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and cabinet minister Ambika Chaudhary are sure to be SP candidates for the council elections. Akhilesh is at present Member of Parliament from Kannauj and Chaudhary had lost in the recent assembly elections. Akhilesh needs to be elected for one of the two houses (assembly or council) within six months to continue as CM. Similarly, in order to remain in the cabinet, Chaudhary will also have to be elected to either of the two houses within six months.Meanwhile, EC has also announced the schedule for by-election to the Rajya Sabha from Uttar Pradesh to fill up the vacancy caused by the resignation of Rashid Masood. The term of Masood, a former Samajwadi Party (SP) leader, who resigned from his Rajya Sabha membership on March 9 after he joined Congress ahead of the state assembly elections, was to expire on July 4, 2016. The notification to hold the by-election will be done on April 9, the last date for filing nominations is April 16, scrutiny of the nominations will be held on April 17 and the last date for withdrawal will be April 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12513740", "title": "DMK seeks protection for Nehru", "text": "CHENNAI: DMK cadres, led by the party's law wing secretary R S Bharathi, met director general of police K Ramanujam at his office on Monday and sought police protection for former minister K N Nehru and his family.In a statement given to the police top brass, DMK treasurer M K Stalin claimed that an anonymous caller made a call to Nehru's house and threatened him and his family . The caller allegedly claimed that Nehru would be the next target. Though a formal complaint was lodged with Trichy police commissioner Shailesh Kumar Yadav, Nehru and his family are in danger, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12516911", "title": "An evening of fusion music", "text": "Elocutionist Sujoy Prosad Chatterjee teamed up with Rishabh Dhar's band, Fingerprints, to present Raga &amp; Rasa - Beyond Fusion, a unique poetry ensemble at a south Kolkata art studio last weekend.Poetry and world music blended together to create a surreal ambience. Sujoy's repertoire for the evening was Tagore, Jibananda Das, Nabaneeta Dev Sen, Purnendu Patri, Mondakranta Sen and excerpts from Shankar's Chowringhee.The fourmember band, Fingerprints, mesmerized the audience by playing Latin Jazz, Raga Rewa, Raga Malhar and Bossa Nova with Sujoy's choice of poems.Legendary theatre personality Chapal Bhaduri and choreographer Sudarshan Chakravorty were felicitated at the do.Actor Kanchana Moitra introduced the performers. Agnimitra Paul, Indraneil Sengupta and Barkha were spotted soaking in every bit of the presentation. \"Poetry and music are universal and today's ensemble was a testimony to that,\" said Sujoy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12512224", "title": "NGO organizes workshop to curb child trafficking", "text": "GURGAON: Childline (1098) organized a workshop on child protection in collaboration with National Institute of Public Cooperation and Child Development ( NIPCCD) and Childline India Foundation on Monday at John Hall in Gurgaon.Ravi Kant, advocate, Supreme Court, took a long session on Juvenile Justice Act, Child Labour Act and Bonded Labour Act. The department of labour assured that they would take steps for child labourers in Gurgaon.Kant appealed that all government officials should know that child trafficking for labour is an organised crime. \"So it is extremely important for all of us to join hands in order to curb this crime,\" he said. Bharti Sharma, ex-chairperson, Child Welfare Committee, said \"Child Welfare Committee should be constituted as per the new model rules of 2009. The police along with all stakeholders should ensure convergence and cooperation so that the best interests of children are protected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12512770", "title": "Gold jewellery market loses 50 crore in 18-day strike", "text": "INDORE: Gold and jewellery trade in the city has been hit by the 18-day strike by jewellers and business worth Rs 50 crore have been affected. Jewellers across the country including those from Madhya Pradesh have been protesting against the proposed hike in customs duty on gold from 2% to 4% and a 1% increase in the excise duty on non-branded jewellery in the 2012 budget.While sarafa industry witnesses an average sale of Rs 20-30 lakh per day, nearly 10,000 jewellers from across the state, including 1500 jewellers from Indore, are observing the nationwide strike.The jewellers staged a dharna at Sarafa Chouraha, addressed by BJP leaders Sumitra Mahajan , MP, Kailash Vijaywargiya, state industries minister, and Gopi Krishna Neema , president Vyapari Prakoshth.\"We have extended our strike until April 4 on the call of nationwide association,\" Sudhir Gupta, secretary, Indore Chandi Sona Jawara Vyapari Association, told TOI. He said that they submitted the memorandum to the union finance minister, Pranab Mukherjee and have apprised him about their concern to the UPA chief, Sonia Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511558", "title": "Wall collapse: Three more bodies found", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three more people have been found dead in the wall collapse of an under construction building in Prasad Nagar area of central Delhi. Police said that the rescue work was going on for three days and three more bodies were taken out early on Monday.One person had died while three others had been injured when the incident had occurred on Friday. Six fire tenders had been rushed to the spot. The labourers had been sleeping on the ground when the building collapsed and they got trapped under the rubble. Neighbours said that pillars had been raised and floors had been constructed, but rooms had not been constructed. Sub-standard material may have been used, which led to the collapse, cops said.As the building was located in a narrow lane, it took a lot of time for the authorities to take out people. They were not sure about the number of people trapped under the debris. That's why the bodies were trapped for two days. Police said they would inform the families of the dead.Due to the collapse, the adjoining building also developed cracks. People have been evacuated from there ever since and they won't be back until repairs are done. The builder, identified as Praveen Bansal, has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12512604", "title": "Schools reluctant to install GPS in buses", "text": "BHOPAL: The proposal for installing GPS (global positioning system), mooted by the divisional commissioner, to monitor the speed of the school buses is being met with reluctance among the school principals of the city.Though, so far, there is nothing official in the proposal, the schools are reluctant. Recommending the GPS installation in school buses, the divisional commissioner Praveen Garg said, \"The GPS technology is at a demonstration stage now. Details involving the cost need to be worked out so that it doesn't affect the students.\"Ajay Sharma, principal of Delhi Public School (DPS) said, \"Installation of GPS in school buses will add to cost and the schools have already planned their budget in this session. Since the costs involved are more, this would only be possible in the next academic session.\"PS Kalra, principal of International Public School (IPS) said, \"The GPS technology is already there in our school buses. Since it is largely dependent on the mobile network, it has been found to be not very successful in the city where there is poor connectivity sometimes.\"Kalra added, \"The problem that was faced previously was that messages about the bus' arrival in the stop were received by parents at 11 am which added to the confusion. Hence the technology is not fool proof.\"Another issue was about speed governors that too was not a fool proof technology, he said. \"During inspection, in two of our buses it was found that the seal was broken and no one knew about it. This needs to be addressed.\"The principals also agreed that the cost of the technology would reflect in the school fees of the children.Offering an alternative, Kalra said, \"We have a transport manager and two supervisors who perform random checks on the 44 buses owned by the school. Also the teachers and a senior student provide a daily report on the speeding, driving of the bus both times.\"\"A self-regulatory system would be more effective rather than the police conducting checks as their sources are limited too,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511503", "title": "Maharashtra govt to get tough against sexual harassment on college campus", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government may make a provision in Mumbai University laws for stringent punishment to curb sexual harassment cases on college campuses.\"There are incidents of sexual harassment. Actions in such cases are taken under rules of the university. The government will consider amending the rules to make them more stringent,\" Rajesh Tope, minister for higher and technical education, told the state legislative council on Monday.Tope was replying during question hour to a query by Ramesh Shendge, Kiran Pawaskar, Hemant Takle (all Nationalist Congress Party) and Mohan Joshi, Ashok Jagtap (both Congress). The members questioned the government action in connection with an alleged case of sexual harassment at Shivaji University in Kolhapur. Tope said the professor accused of harassment had been suspended.\"The probe committee's final report will be submitted by April 9,\" Tope added.Vidya Chavan (NCP) stated that there were such incidents in school and colleges. \"Stringent laws are needed to curb them. Harsh punishment will only work as a deterrent and the government should think of making laws stricter,\" Chavan said.Shendge asked if the government would change laws to deal with such cases. Tope admitted that there were cases of sexual harassment and assured members of measures to end the menace.Shivaji University has been involved in a similar controversy in 2011. A professor heading the geography department was arrested and suspended on charges of sexual harassment. He was accused of demanding sexual favours from an assistant professor of the department.A senior Mantralaya official said, \"Sexual harassment cases affect the mind of society and reflect bad management in the education system. Delay in disposal of cases often leads to acquittal. If secrecy of the complainant is maintained and there is speedy disposal along with stringent punishment, it will restore people's faith in the system and more will come forward to ensure that the guilty are punished.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12513534", "title": "Special officer in NMC\u2019s education department", "text": "NAGPUR: In order to improve the level of education in Nagpur municipal corporation (NMC)-run schools, municipal commissioner, Sanjeev Jaiswal has appointed an officer on special duty (OSD) in the education department.Assistant municipal commissioner of Satranjipura zone, Vijay Humne has been appointed to the post and will monitor the education department.He will be above the education officer.Humne was initially given an additional charge of the education officer. However following the demand for education officer from the department, he was replaced soon.The association had filed a petition in the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court and the ruling was given in their favour, in compliance to which Humne was replaced by an officer from the education department, Ram Dongarwar a few months ago.An official said, NMC is running 212 schools - 28 high schools and 184 primary schools. \"98 schools had been closed down in last seven years. The quality of education in many of the existing schools is improper. Therefore, the new post has been created. To attract parents to NMC schools, Jaiswal had also proposed to start English as medium of instructions in all NMC schools in his budget presented few days ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12513037", "title": "Mid-day meal workers agitate for 'basic necessities'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Mid-day meal workers of the state are on a warpath, opposing contract system, outsourcing of work and demanding salary hike. About 5,000 women workers, who are instrumental in implementing the Central government scheme launched to check malnutrition among school children, staged a demonstration in front of the Assembly on Monday.\"Scores of women, who cook the meals for school children, have been deprived of basic necessities themselves. Our work condition is pathetic. While the Central government has earmarked Rs 1,000 per month for the workers, they are only being paid a measly amount of Rs 300-400 per month, that too irregularly. We have informed the government about our problems but no action has been taken yet. If things do not improve and the government fails to fulfill our demands by the next academic session, we will go on an indefinite protest,\" said president of Odisha Mid-day Meal Workers' Union, Radharaman Sarangi.Besides, the workers said they do not receive ration supply for months on end sometimes. Most schools still do not have a proper place for cooking meals and drinking water is also scarce. \"We have no social security or even a minimum wage even after 10 years of work,\" said Jayanti Sahu, a MDM worker from Puri district. She also alleged that the state government is sidelining the workers by outsourcing work to private organizations and NGOs.Some of the workers' demands include all BPL workers to be included in BPL list, two pairs of sarees in a year, washing allowance, identity card, first-aid box, LPG gas for cooking, 180 days of maternity leave and so on.In another incident, contractors of general electrical division (GED No-1) sat on a dharna because senior officials deliberately delayed in passing their bills and releasing the funds. As a result, nearly 70 electrical contractors may lose Rs six crore that the state government woes them with the end of the financial year.\"We are in a fix as we have already spent huge amount of money in different works. But due to some corrupt officials and favouritism we are deprived of our legimate dues,\" said Ashis Kumar Shome, president of Orissa Electical Contractors Association demanding an inquiry into the whole issue.The contractors undertake maintenance of electrical wiring, air conditioners, lift and lighting work on non-residential and residential government buildings here. However the officers are tightlipped on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12513683", "title": "Bus conductor snatches chain, held", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested an MTC bus conductor on charges of robbery on Sunday, and are looking for his associate.Passersby nabbed a man who snatched a chain from a woman at West Mambalam around 5pm on Sunday. He was later identifies as Jayakumar, an MTC bus conductor.K Shanthi, 30, a resident of KR Koil Street in West Mambalam, went to buy vegetables. Two men on a bike tried to snatch a three-sovereign gold chain from her neck. The rider lost control of the bike and the vehicle skidded. Passersby caught the man riding pillion, but the rider ran away. During questioning, the man told Kumaran Nagar police that he and his accomplice had been involved in a series of chain-snatching incidents.Police said Jayakumar, a resident of Saidapet, works as a conductor at the Alandur MTC bus depot . They have registered a case and arrested Jayakumar. \"We are looking for Jayakumar's associate . We are also finding out which other incidents Jayakumar was involved in,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12512870", "title": "Leopard caught; elephant calf rescued", "text": "MYSORE: Villagers rescued an elephant calf, separated from its mother, in Koluvige village in Anagodu hobli in Hunsur taluk of Mysore district on Monday morning, a couple of hours after forest officials caught a two-year-old female leopard in Ramanahalli village in H D Kote taluk.The leopard, which was in the farmlands of Ramanahalli, was trapped by the forest department personnel on Monday. Using a dog as bait, the department officials had kept a cage in a farmhouse to trap the big cat. The ploy succeeded as the leopard walked into the trap around 8.30 amAssistant Conservator of Forests (ACF) Thammaiah and other officials released the leopard in N Begur forest range of Bandipur National Park around 1.30 pm. Thammaiah said the department had kept the cage a month ago after villagers complained that the leopard had killed some stray dogs and attacked three cattle.According to DCF H C Kantharaju, leopards are found in and around Ramanahalli village and the department had kept nine cages in different places to capture the big cats.In another incident, a one-year-old elephant calf was rescued by villagers at Koluvige village in Hunsur taluk. The calf was separated from its mother.A couple of weeks ago, the villagers had driven the calf towards Veeranahoshalli forest in Nagarahole forest ranges so that it could reunite with its mother. The forest officials shifted the elephant calf from the village to Anne Mathigodu elephant camp. RFO Kiran Kumar said that the calf has been kept in the camp as per the directions of veterinary doctor Uma Shankar. The calf is inactive as it is missing its mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12513453", "title": "Deadline of industrial ban on Chandrapur expires", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Even as deadline for industrial moratorium imposed on Chandrapur has passed, there has been no word on it from ministry for forest and environment (MoEF). It is now over two years since four industrial clusters - Chandrapur, Tadali, Ghugus and Ballarpur - are under ban for sanction of environment clearance for new industry or expansion project. The six month deadline of third extension of the ban expired on Saturday, still MoEF has issued no orders whether to continue or annul the industrial moratorium.Four critically polluted clusters were put under industrial moratorium, after Chandrapur was placed on fourth position in Comprehensive Environmental Pollution Index (CEOI) prepared by Central Pollution Control Board ( CPCB). First phase of moratorium was announced on January 13, 2010 to August 31, 2010.The moratorium was further extended till March 31, 2011. After much uproar, MPCB went for remedial action plan for control of pollution. It took almost a year for it and during this period moratorium was again extended for second time till September 30, 2011. With no positive outcome of action plan, moratorium was extended for third time till March 31, 2012.A MPCB officer in regional office here ratified that neither have they received any orders nor any circular on web for industrial moratorium in Chandrapur so far. The officer, however, maintained that there is not much change in RSPM levels in the industrial clusters. \"Sponge iron plants and coal washeries are the most polluting units. However out of 13 coal washeries in district, 12 have closed after MSEGNCO cancelled the coal washing contracts with washeries. Similarly almost all five sponge iron units are running at less than 50% generation capacity, due to shortage of raw material after iron ore mining scam surfaced in Karnataka. Still pollution levels are equally high, \" he said.Industrialists are however keen for removal of moratorium, which has withheld the direct investment of over 40,000 crores in Chandrapur. President, Chandrapur MIDC industries association, Madhusudan Roongta has forwarded a memorandum to environment minister Sanjay Deotale for removal of moratorium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12511715", "title": "AMC plans theme parks on astrology, Vastu Shastra", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This garden promises a new twist for Bodakdev residents .The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) recreation committee has proposed to construct a theme park based on Indian astrology.One does not expect wayside astrologers or palmists park themselves along joggers' track every morning here, but the civic body plans structures, murals and instruments installed in the garden which will help visitors understand Vedic calculations. The theme park has been named Zodiac park.Such gardens exist in Bangalore, Jamshedpur and Ranchi.This park is being built based on Hindu Vastushastra. The AMC also plans to plant special trees and shrubs that are medicinal in nature and also represent various zodiac signs.The park will also consist of a list suitable for every birth star, based on the Hindu calendar. There will also be an interpretation centre that will tell visitors about the benefits associated with raising zodiac based plants.In the monthly meet of the recreation committee apart from the zodiac park, the committee planned to take a greening drive along the central verge all along the proposed model roads in west and new west zones.Some of the stretches chosen for the purpose are Nikita park-SAL hospital-Judges bungalow stretch and Palav apartments -Ghatlodiya ward office-Satadhar crossroads stretch. The second phase focuses on the stretch between Gujarat university-Vijay crossroads-Usmanpura underpass and the west zone municipal office. The phase will focus on the stretch between Indira bridge and Rishiraj circle. In the North zone, the AMC plans to develop a green patch between Meghaninagar bus stand and Bapunagar crossroads.The committee also planned a new nocturnal enclosure at the Kamla Nehru zoo.Senior members of the committee said that a proposal in this regard has been sent to central zoo authority of India and a reply is expected soon.The AMC has already sent a detailed project report regarding the area available with the zoo authorities and its budget. Once approved, a night safari can be planned for visitors at the zoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12511199", "title": "Excise scamworth Rs 97L unearthed, two booked", "text": "PANAJI: The crime branch has unearthed an excise scam that caused a loss of Rs 97,98,447 to the state exchequer. On Monday, they registered cases against Vasco distillery directors Pavan Agarwal and Vipan Malhotra, excise inspector in charge of the unit and other excise officials. The Vasco distillery was involved in manufacturing Indian-made foreign liquor called 'Goan special whisky'.The crime branch is looking into who the excise inspector in charge of the unit was from February 2009 to December 2009, when the alleged incident occurred.A police investigation has revealed that the distillery had prepared a forged import permit from Puducherry which was produced before the excise department. The excise department in-charge, in turn, without verifying it had forwarded to the department and an import permit was granted to the distillery. A further investigation revealed that the distillery has not been charged excise duty, but instead, photocopies of earlier excise duty receipts paid had been submitted.The case has been registered by PI Sunita Sawant on behalf of the state.When police contacted officials in Puducherry to verify the authenticity of the import permits, they said they had not given any import permit to the company nor had anyone approached them to sell Goan special whisky in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12512941", "title": "UT to soon launch online grievance monitoring system", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT administration will soon launch an online grievance monitoring system which would enable residents to submit their grievances online as well as through the Sampark centres.Training of the central public information officers (CPIOs) to acquaint them with the model was conducted by the Department of IT, Chandigarh administration at PEC auditorium on Monday wherein a demonstration of the model was given.Secretary IT, Prerna Puri who addressed the CPIOs talked about making governance more accessible and transparent. The IT department would be the nodal department for monitoring the system.The unique feature of this model would be its integration with the SMS gateway. A registration number of the grievance submitted by the citizen would be generated and communicated to the complainant through an SMS on his mobile. The same registration number could then be used by the citizens to check the status of the grievance online.The CPIOs of various departments of the Chandigarh administration have been designated as the grievance officers. The CPIO would also get an SMS alert on his/her mobile number regarding the receipt of the grievance received by the department.The grievances have to be disposed off within 15 days of the day of receipt. The heads of the respective departments would also be able to monitor the status of the complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12511529", "title": "Farm fresh, pocket friendly", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Every housewife's dream of buying farm-fresh vegetables at affordable rates has come true with the opening of 'Apni Mandi-Kisaan Bazaar', a farmer's market in Gurukul. The innovative market that will have farmers from Ahmedabad district coming to city to sell their produce directly to people is trumpeted as a win-win for all. Here, farmers will be able to fetch better price for their produce, in absence of middlemen, while the citizens will get a chance to buy good quality vegetables at half the market price.The market which is a brain-child of the state horticulture department will remain open from 2 pm to 7 pm everyday. \"30 farmers have set up stalls from where they will sell their produce. This is the first such project being implemented in Gujarat,\" deputy director of horticulture department D M Vaghela said.Ahmedabad's annual consumption of vegetables is 6 lakh tonnes of which 1.5 lakh tonnes is produced in Ahmedabad district while the rest is sourced from other districts and states. Vaghela said that the farmers are being given this space free of cost to boost their income and sustain their interest in the agriculture. It is also expected to help consumers battling back-breaking inflation.District development officer (DDO) Banchhanidhi Pani said that the farmers will offer vegetables to consumers at half the market price. He said that the market set up near Swaminarayan Gurukul will remain here for two months. It will be shifted to a permanent venue later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12512713", "title": "Auto forum protests fuel price hike", "text": "HUBLI: Hubli Autorickshaw Owners and Drivers Association members took out a procession protesting against petrol and LPG price hike here on Monday.Protesters took out a procession which culminated at the mini Vidhana Soudha. They submitted a memorandum to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh through Hubli tahsildar.Protesters took out their autos and staged a procession and demanded reduction of petrol and LPG prices and to provide petrol and LPG gas for auto drivers at subsidized prices and double the insurance policy imposed on transport vehicles. Protesters demanded government control price rise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12510999", "title": "Opposition targets Maharashtra govt for 'shielding' Kripashankar Singh", "text": "MUMBAI: After days of trying to rake up the corruption charges against senior Congress leader Kripashankar Singh in the assembly, the Opposition on Monday finally got a chance to put the state government on the mat for 'shielding' the former Mumbai Congress chief.Raising the issue in the legislative assembly, Leader of Opposition Eknath Khadse hit out at the government and the state anti-corruption bureau (ACB) for suppressing facts during the investigation into Singh's disproportionate assets case. \"Every citizen wants to know why no arrest has been made and why the government is dragging its feet in this case,\" said Khadse.Last week, the Opposition had tried to pull up the government on the controversial issue of the issue corruption charges against Singh but the plan was apparently foiled by alliance partner Shiv Sena. The 'untimely' protest by Sena against idol theft in Raigad led to the adjournment of the assembly.Before the start of the budget session, opposition parties had promised to attack the government on corruption.Earlier, while participating in the post-budget debate on the performance of the home department, the BJP leadership in assembly alleged that the ACB, under pressure from political bosses in the state, had watered down its report on investigation into Singh's assets. Reading out from the list of Singh's assets listed in ACB reports and subsequent court cases, Khadse alleged the government hid facts in the matter. \"There are loopholes in the report. The state must come clean on it and punish those who tried to suppress the facts,\" he said. Home minister R R Patil denied any laxity on part of the government or the ACB while conducting the probe. Congress leader and industries minister Narayan Rane tried to halt the Opposition attack by asking the speaker to discontinue the debate as the matter was sub judice and pending in the court. This was overruled.Shiv Sena leader in the house Subhash Desai pointed out that the fine slapped on former CM Vilasrao Deshmukh for his alleged interference in criminal cases against Congress MLA from Vidarbha Dilip Sananda was paid by the government. \"Why did the government pay the Rs 10lakh fine?Taxpayers' money should be recovered from Deshmukh,\" Desai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511504", "title": "Man scolds daughter, wife kills self", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman allegedly committed suicide in a west Delhi locality, apparently upset with her husband who had punished their daughter for faring badly in her exams.The woman identified as Tejender Kaur was found hanging from a ceiling fan at her house in Vikaspuri on Sunday evening.Police said the 38-year-old was distressed over the harsh treatment meted out to her daughter by her husband who had chided her and had decided to send her away to her aunt following her poor performance in her Class IX science exam.The woman's husband with their 14-year-old daughter had left for her aunt's place and Kaur apparently took the drastic step in their absence.When her 10-year-old son returned home in the evening and nobody answered the door, the neighbours broke into the house to find the mother hanging, according to police. Police said the husband and wife had a heated argument after he confronted their daughter over her performance in the exam. However, no suicide note was recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12511329", "title": "Board cracks whip against students", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education, which conducts Class X and XII exams for over 30,000 students every year, has tried to keep pace with some of the innovations that students tend to come up with to clear the most important examinations of their life.From cheating to pleading and even invoking deities in their answersheets, students-those who have doubts-leave no trick unturned to convince the examiners that they need to clear the exams, prompting the Board to devise penalties for almost any of the \"schemes\" the cheaters could offer.\"I have come across notes in the answersheets where students have written things like 'help me, I am very poor' or 'help me pass, I don't have a mother. I am alone at home'. It is mostly overage and repeater students who write such notes for the examiners,\" said Padmanabh Lotlikar, a former Goa Board examiner.Lotlikar's assertion is not out of fashion. According to the Board's regulations, making an appeal to the examiner in the answerbook either signed or unsigned without revealing name or address, writing irrelevant and/or absurd matter in the answerbook and writing invocation/prayer/appeal to deities can earn candidates a warning.If a student makes an appeal to the examiner in the answerbook revealing both one's name and address or if the student simply reveals his identity in any form in one or more pages of the answerbook or the supplement, he will have to brace himself for cancellation of his result in the subject.Not all cheaters, however, resort to peaceful tactics. Examiners have countered provocative, abusive and threatening language, too, in answerbooks, for which the Board will penalize the candidate by cancelling his/her results and debarring him from answering up to two more examinations.Use of money power, too, is not uncommon. While attaching currency note or notes to the answerbook without any remarks can attract forfeiture of the entire amount found in the answerbook, cancellation of result and debarring for one more examination, attaching currency note or notes to the answerbook with remarks can earn him the same amount of penalty and debarring from up to two more exams.The improvement in technology has only made things worse for exam supervisors. Bringing calculators in any form (except where permitted in the question papers), mini computer, mobile phones, digital diary, recorder, wireless or any other electronic gadgets in the examination hall can lead to confiscation of the gadget, which is then handed over to the Board. Monetary fines are also imposed and the offence inviting sanctions under the Malpractices Act.Impersonation can lead to immediate expulsion, cancellation of the result and debarring for up to six more examinations while a candidate running away from the examination hall with the answerbook after being caught red-handed for resorting to unfair means will be debarred from answering up to eight more examinations.Deliberate free copying between two students, or students who are caught smuggling answerbooks, supplements or slips with answers written on them into the examination halls, face immediate expulsion and debarment for five more examinations.Vithoba Dessai, president of All Goa School Teachers' Association and a member of the Goa Board, said, \"Since the Goa Board brought these new penalties into effect in 2009, the instances of cheating blatantly have gone down significantly. Students are taking education seriously now and are very competitive.Besides, now police personnel are also deployed at examination halls. This has put fear in the minds of students.\" He added, \"There are students who realize when there are a couple of days left for the exams to begin that they have not finishing studying anything at all. These are the students who continue to look for ways to cheat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12511789", "title": "AP High Court: No proof of existence of graves at Qila", "text": "HYDERABAD: Citing lack of evidence to prove the existence of graves on survey no. 40 in Naya Qila, the AP High Court declared that it found no merit in allegations made by heritage activists that the Hyderabad Golf Association (HGA) had encroached on the Mustafa Khan Mosque or desecrated graves around it.The writ petition was filed by heritage activists on November 1 last year stating that HGA was developing the golf course in the area by destroying graves.In the order passed on March 27, the bench comprising Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice Sanjay Kumar accepted the report submitted by D V Sitaram Murthy, senior advocate, who had conducted an inspection of the site, and said that the five stones claimed as gravesites by the petitioners could not be identified as same.According to the order, in the report Murthy notes that as per traditional practice, graves of Muslims should be aligned perpendicular to the Qibla ( Mecca). The body is placed in the grave without a casket, lying on its right side and facing the Qibla. Grave markers are simple as outward lavish displays are discouraged in Islam.While the bench said it found no merit in the petition, it directed the State Wakf Board and ASI to demarcate the mosque area and the 4589 square yards around it to ensure that no controversy crops up in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12512650", "title": "Hospitals sans isolation wards, labs to test H1N1", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana health departments on Monday claimed that they were well-equipped to handle cases of swine flu but many hospitals have not made isolation wards and others do not have the right laboratories.Officials said the staff at civil hospital, Jalandhar, have trained staff to handle such cases but the isolation ward is to be readied yet.Medical superintendent Dr Avtar Chand said they would ready the isolation ward which was used in cases two years ago. Amritsar health department officials said a nodal officer has been appointed to monitor the swine flu threat.\"We will also talk to higher authorities to restart screening of suspected passengers at the international ports,\" said civil surgeon Manjeet Singh Randhawa. District nodal officer Hardeep Singh Ghai said Personal Protection Equipment (PPE) had been provided to the staff.\"We are without the swab testing facility at present and samples are sent to PGI in Chandigarh. The facility would soon be made available in the local medical college as well,\" he said.Meanwhile, director general of state health services Dr Narvir Singh claimed that all civil hospitals and community health centres which were situated even in small towns of Haryana had equipment for the initial screening of the H1N1 influenza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12512922", "title": "Servicing agency staffer breaks open ATM, steals cash", "text": "VADODARA: Almost a fortnight after a gang stole cash from the ATM of Punjab National Bank (PNB), city police arrested two persons on Monday. As suspected, the theft was masterminded and executed by insiders. Employee of the agency that replenished cash in the PNB ATM had opened the ATM and stolen the money. He took help of his friend to commit the crime. The cops have arrested Rahul Vasadiya, who worked with CMS Association Ltd. that manages the PNB ATM.Senior police officials blamed the agency and said that CMS hadn't followed the security protocol. Vasadiya had the password that helped open the digital lock of the ATM. He was entrusted with the responsibility of handling cash of the ATM. \"But from March 1 this year, the agency shifted Vasadiya to other post and handed over the cash handling task to its other employee. Vasadiya, who still had the password, decided to commit the theft,\" said city police commissioner Satish Sharma.\"Two major slip-ups led to the crime. First, the agency should have changed the password immediately after Vasadiya was transferred to other post. And going by the rules, the 12-word ATM password is given in two parts to two employees of the agency. Both have six words but are not supposed to know the other half password. In this case, Vasadiya knew the entire password,\" Sharma added.Vasadiya and his friend Vishal Prajapati opened the PNB ATM on Waghodia Road on the night of March 18 and took away Rs 9.13 lakh cash. Vasadiya smartly ducked the CCTV installed inside the ATM while opening it. Led by DCP (crime) Ashok Yadav, crime branch police inspector Shankar Chaudhary and Panigate police inspector A L Chaudhary investigated the case.\"Since the ATM's digital lock was opened and cash was stolen within a few minutes, we had suspected that some insider must be involved. We questioned the agency employees, who had access to the password. During interrogation, Vasadiya broke down and spilled the beans,\" Sharma added. The cops also learnt that Vasadiya had done recce of the ATM a day before committing the theft.\"Vasadiya had ducked the ATM CCTV, entered the room and opened the ATM for a minute. He checked the cash kept inside and left the digital lock open. When we examined the log details of the ATM we realised that the lock was kept open a day before,\" said a police official. The police has arrested the duo and recovered about Rs eight lakh cash.Meanwhile, the city police have appealed to all ATM servicing agencies to follow security protocol strictly and keep changing ATM passwords at regular intervals. Police officials said that it is not possible to monitor all the agencies but they have asked them to keep an eye on the employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12512949", "title": "Rewriting his destiny from behind the bars", "text": "KANNUR: Rijo Joseph (31) knows very well that only hope of a better life can keep him alive behind the bars. With this in mind, this life-term prisoner of Kannur central jail has completed seven years of his sentence and purged his violent past by earning degrees after degrees. The latest in his kitty is an MBA degree in human resource management from Pondicherry University.Jail officials say that Rijo who is from Kalady, Ernakulam, has only one aim: to become an academician after his jail term. \"When he arrived he was just a pre-degree holder. He could not complete the diploma in nursing course in Karanataka,\" said welfare officer K V Mukesh.But from the jail, he completed his BA and MA degree in English literature from Calicut University and went on to do a postgraduate diploma course in tourism management from Anamalai University. For all his initiatives he got help from jail superintendent Sivadas K Thaiparambil, welfare officer Rajesh Kumar T and jail teacher P V Rameshnath. Officials say that the Pondicherry University considered him as a special case and gave 50% concession in fees.\"I became a drug addict while doing a nursing course in Chithradurg in Karnataka. It not only spoiled my life but also made me a killer. But now, the life in this prison has given me a new lease of life,\" said Jijo.In 2008, Rijo had created history by becoming the first life-termer who appeared for the civil services examination.He is the second MBA holder from the central jail. In September last year, Babu Mathew, another life-term prisoner, had also got MBA.With the dreams of becoming an academician, he now plans to do a PhD course from Ignou. \"Please don't fall prey to drugs. It will spoil you for ever,\" his only advice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12513481", "title": "NCP men demand Ajay Patil\u2019s ouster", "text": "NAGPUR: Internal turmoil in the city unit of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) after its dismal performance in the NMC elections resurfaced on Monday when a large section of the party workers held a 'chintan baithak' (introspection meeting) in which they unanimously demanded the ouster of Ajay Patil as the city president.Called by party observer Dilip Pankule, the meeting was attended by several office bearers of the ward level and senior functionaries Anil Ahirkar, Ratnakala Bajaj, Rajesh Kumbhalkar were present even as prominent workers openly aired their anger over the poor show in the civic polls and squarely blamed Patil. They alleged that because of the wrong selection of candidates and failure of Patil to mobilize support for the campaign, workers kept away.\"All Patil did was to concentrate on only one ward where his wife was contesting,\" said a ward in-charge from South Nagpur assembly constituency.\"The party could muster support to get only six candidates elected when there was potential for at least 12 of the 29 nominees to win seats. All our efforts for the last one decade have gone waste,\" said another ward leader from North segment.The meeting passed four resolutions all, more or less, expressing lack of faith in Patil's leadership. They also resolved to resign en masses if Patil was not removed from the post in the next two weeks. It was decided that the resolution would be forwarded to NCP state president Madhukar Pichad and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar.Civil supplies minister and NMC poll in-charge Anil Deshmukh was away at Arvi on Monday to attend the last rites of his sister. Patil was also not present at the meeting. When contacted, he said the meeting was not official.He said that an official meeting to review the situation was already held and it was attended by Deshmukh as well as former minister Ramesh Bang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12512686", "title": "Give the policemen their due: Neelagar", "text": "DHARWAD: Retired superintendent of police (SP) B N Neelagar regretted that the successive governments in the state had failed to cater to the requirements of policemen while it had responded to the pleas by other sections of the society like farmers, teachers, industrialists and traders.Speaking at a function to mark the Police Flag Day organized by the District Police at DAR parade ground here on Monday he said the general impression among the government seems to be that all the policemen are financially well placed and do not need additional facilities.\"This is not a correct impression because large number of policemen at lower rung are deprived of welfare schemes and are exposed to professional hazards\" he said.\"If the Government does its duty honestly and fulfills the necessities of the police personnel they can give their best to the society and maintain law and order with efficiency\" Neelgar remarked.Earlier Neelagar received salute from four contingents of policemen after an attractive parade. Dharwad Superintendent of Police Y S Ravikumar, who presided over the function, released the police flag. He said, nearly 40 houses in the police quarters in Dharwad would be renovated and the work will commence in a week's time.On the same occasion several retired police officials were felicitated.DySP (DAR) H A Devarahoru and CPI S S Padolkar also spoke. DySP Rajiv Banhatti and other officers were present.Flag Day in HubliCorporation commissioner K V Trilokchandra said the police department plays a very important role in controlling crimes in the society and cooperation of the public is needed to for the police department to perform well.Police battalions performed parade and saluted the police flag on this occasion and Hubli-Dharwad police commissioner K Ramchandra Rao stated that around Rs 7.50 lakh was collected through selling police flag last year and the amount should be used for the welfare of the police department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511549", "title": "Students plan protest against Mumbai University's re-exam", "text": "MUMBAI: Thousands of students plan to protest at the Mumbai University campus on Tuesday against the re-exam. However, this is not the first time that students have been at the receiving end.Last December, more than 10,000 students were forced to take a re-exam after the entire paper was leaked through SMSes. In 2004, the TYBCom accounts paper-I leaked twice and the first time, students were informed about the leak halfway through the exam. \"Our paper started at 11am and around 12.30pm, the supervisors informed us that the paper had leaked and there was no point in writing the paper. They announced a re-exam at the end of our exams. Again, on the day of the re-exam, when we were preparing to leave for our centres, news channels flashed the news of a leak. After confirming with our college, we were told the paper had indeed leaked and students would have to appear for a re-exam almost 15 days later,\" said Nikhil Satham, from the 2004 batch.Another student from the same batch said, \"We were all stressed out when the re-exam was announced for the second time, almost two weeks after our main exams were over. Many of us had to cancel our tickets and vacation plans to appear for the paper. The only relief was that the final paper was easy to crack and we all scored well.\"A principal from a college in the western suburbs said, \"In that instance, the paper leaked from a college in Tardeo. There was no principal and the in-charge principal and his accomplices were later arrested by the police for selling the papers at a price. The university decided to take strict action and they were booked under the Indian Penal Code.\"This time, though the leak was not deliberate, the university has still initiated stringent measures against BNN College, Bhiwandi, to set a precedent for other colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12511863", "title": "Hyderabad pubs raise toast to IPL action", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the fifth IPL season starting on April 4, pubs in the city are gearing up to cater to the cricket crazy fans who throng watering holes during the matches by ensuring that beer mugs are never empty in their club. Pub managers and owners informed that they are stocking up on beer supplies as it is the fastest moving beverage during sporting events like the IPL.Ravi Rao, director, Rain, Banjara Hills said, \"We are making sure that the demands of our customers for beer are met satisfactorily. Usually we keep a stock of 50 cases but now we have increased that to 100 cases. We can go a whole week without replenishing the stock.\" Naren Pal, owner of Liquids in Banjara Hills too informed that stocking up was the wiser option.\"The summer is always a good season for beer and with the IPL coming up, we don't want to take any chances. We always place orders 15 to 20 days in advance as everyone is stocking up on beer.\" Other pubs like Xtreme Sports Bar at Karkhana have learnt a lesson from last year's experience. \"Last year we faced a problem due to unavailability of draught beer. But this time, we are going to make sure we don't run out by keeping extra stock,\" said Hari Krishnan, general manager of the pub.Apart from increasing their beer supplies, pubs are coming with attractions like special seating arrangements, special menus, offers on drinks and gifts for customers this IPL season as simply setting up big screens and projectors is passe. While Liquids is planning to have a 1+1 offer on drinks on weekdays, the newly-opened 10 Sports Bar and Grill in Secunderabad is offering drinks for Rs 79. Anthony Lawrence, manager, 10 Downing Street, Begumpet, said, \"We are planning to have a special theatre-like seating arrangement from the quarterfinal stage onwards. This will definitely be in great demand especially if the city team enters the quarterfinal round.\"Suresh Krishnan, manager, Firangi Paani, Banjara Hills, said, \"We will have happy hours during the matches with special offers on drinks. Goodies like t-shirts will be given to customers after a lucky draw or any other contest. We are also planning to introduce an IPL special menu, including snacks named after cricketers or cricket terminology.\" Security measures too, have been enhanced at pubs, said managers. \"We have doubled the number of bouncers in our club just for the IPL.Usually, we have six bouncers, but we will have 12 now,\" said Ravi Rao of Rain. He added, \"We will also be hosting special after-parties which will be attended by players too. Extra security measures will be taken on these days with police personnel stationed outside and strict checking.\"Firangi Paani and 10 Sports Bar and Grill too are increasing the number of bouncers from two to four and three to six respectively. Pubs are also taking steps to accommodate more people by arranging for extra bean bags and replacing sofas with chairs and tables.\"We are planning to have a special theatre-like seating arrangement from the quarterfinal stage onwards. This will definitely be in great demand especially if the city team enters the quarterfinal round\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12513395", "title": "UT plans hike in licence fee", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Vends in pre-fabricated structures could charge more than modern liquor shops.Last year, the highest licence fee of Rs 2.75 crore was for a pre-fabricated vend of IMFL in Sector 52 and that for a modern liquor shop in Sector 44 was Rs 85.44 lakh.Even though UT plans to hike licence fee by up to 20% a final decision is pending on whether there should be an increase in excise duty as well, as has been done in Punjab last month. Liquor contractors in the past have been trying hard to convince UT administration to bring disparity in liquorprices to curb smuggling from Chandigarh, where liquor has traditionally been cheaper.Vends located on the UT's outskirts register lesser sales as buyers don't prefer to buy from Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12513015", "title": "No exams for MSW students ofUtkal University since 3 yrs", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Career of about 800 students pursuing Masters in Social Work (MSW) under Utkal University of Culture is hanging in balance as the varsity has not conducted exams for them in the past three years. The students sat on a hunger strike in front of the varsity from Monday, demanding completion of their course.\"We had taken admission in the course in 2009 and it should have been completed in 2011. But we have appeared for only one exam in the past three years. Neither the college authorities nor the varsity people have any answers for the delay,\" rued Aris Baig, an agitating student. \"Three students have had to be admitted to hospital after they became unconscious during the strike. After spoiling our careers now these people are playing with our lives,\" he said. The students threatened to continue their strike until the university declares date of examination or gives them a written assurance of completing the course soon.Students alleged that colleges had taken hefty course fees and also assured jobs during admission. \"I have spent around Rs 2 lakh on the course, including Rs 50,000 course fee. Besides, I wasted three valuable years of my career. Now it is uncertain whether I will get my certificate or not. Colleges and university are blaming each other, we don't know where to go,\" said another student.There are 14 affiliated colleges of Utkal University of Culture that offer masters degree in social work. The course fee varies from Rs 15,000 to Rs 25,000 per annum. University sources said there is a pending court case against the course, due to which examination cannot be conducted. \"The next hearing is on April 6, after which final decision on examination will be taken,\" a university staff member said. The vice-chancellor was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kendrapara", "code": "12512975", "title": "NRO lights up village with solar energy", "text": "KENDRAPARA: The people of Jahangirabad village in Cuttack's Salepur block will no longer have to spend their summer evenings and nights in the dark. All for US-based non-resident Odia (NRO) Durga Prasad Kar, who installed solar panels in the village. Now people can go about their work, watch TV and children can study after nightfall because of solar energy. \"We were earlier very troubled by the power cuts and dim lights. But now solar energy has transformed our village. Our streets and houses are well lit,\" said Santosh, a villager.\"Life is so difficult if there is a power failure for a few hours. Recently, a power cut paralyzed life throughout the state. But in Jahangirabad, villagers got electricity throughout the night because of the solar panels. We are very thankful to Kar for it,\" said Akshya Das (50), a villager. Women are also having their share of fun. They can boil water and cook food in the solar cookers. The water starts boiling in eight minutes thanks to the solar energy. And the 2,000 villagers of Jahangirabad are thankful to Kar.Kar, who was born and brought up in the village, is now a senior official of Intergrys Energy Group, Chicago. He did his post graduation in economics, business administration and electrical engineering. He has researched on the power industry and has shown that rural India cannot prosper with the expensive and unreliable power grid. He has proved in his PhD that renewable energy can accelerate rural economy for both economic independence and sustainable development without any need for long-term subsidies. He has completed his Ph.D. in Economics from Colorado School of Mines under Professor Carol Dahl.\"What I am today is because of my family and my village. I owe a lot to my motherland. Everyone should give something back to his family, village, state and country. I have started in a very small way. My wife Shreemayee Kar also helps me in my mission to develop my village. Each year, we spend three months in our village doing welfare work,\" Kar said.Apart from providing solar lights, Kar had last year built a two-storied school building in his village in the memory of his father by spending Rs 20 lakh. He recently donated 20 laptops to students of the school. \"It was my father who always inspired me to do something for the village,\" Kar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511482", "title": "5 held for break-ins", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch on Monday arrested a gang of five involved in house break-ins in the western suburbs.Unit 11 recovered seven brand new LCD TVs stolen from a godown in Dahisar on March 24, besides a country-made weapon, a tempo and a Maruti car from Manjay Jaiswal, Lalit Tiwari, Sitaram Hegde, Feroz Ansari and Jelaji Yadav.Senior inspector Raghunath Dalvi said they had identified the person who used to buy the stolen goods from the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12511839", "title": "Sunil Reddy invested 51 crore tainted money in his firm", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI on Monday informed the high court that N Sunil Reddy, one of the accused in the Emaar scam case, played a crucial role in diverting Rs 96 crore collected through villa sales in excess of the official price and that there was evidence to show that he funneled Rs 51 crore of this into his South End Projects company through 10 fictitious companies.CBI counsel P Kesava Rao brought this to the notice of Justice K C Bhanu when the bail plea of Sunil Reddy came up for hearing.The 10 companies were untraceable at the addresses mentioned in the records and that all of them were floated just before these deposits were made and closed after the transaction, he said. Even the management of South End was taken over by one Manohar Reddy immediately after the CBI began its probe into the Emaar scandal , the counsel said. Kesava Rao said Manohar Reddy filed a petition in the HC charging the CBI with harassing him.Kesava Rao also gave a special note to the judge detailing the role played by Sunil Reddy ever since the investigation began into the Emaar scam case. Koneru Rajendra Prasad and Sunil Reddy were the main players and Stylish Homes was floated at the behest of Koneru, the CBI counsel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12513443", "title": "H1N1 may have mutated to survive heat", "text": "CHENNAI: Doctors and scientists suspect that the H1N1 virus has learned to survive the Chennai summer, possibly because of mutations. Health minister V S Vijay held a review meeting at the secretariat on Monday to discuss the state's preparedness for the viral infection.Senior doctors and health department officials, who met at the secretariat, said the government would soon roll out guidelines to ask doctors to rule out the viral infection when patients come with symptoms that last for more than three days.It will also warn doctors about the virus's enhanced ability to survive in high temperatures .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511745", "title": "Mafatlal saga: Atulya, Sheetal spar over house", "text": "MUMBAI: The mediation in the dispute between Mafatlal scion Atulya Mafatlal and his socialite wife Sheetal has not been entirely successful so far, a lawyer for Atulya's sisters told the Bombay high court on Monday. However, the mediation process has not ended and a hearing is scheduled for this weekend before the HC-appointed mediator, senior counsel Rafiq Dada.Atulya and Sheetal have agreed on three issues, including who gets the art and withdrawal of criminal cases initiated by both sides, but are stuck on the issue of a house in case of a divorce, said a lawyer.A bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode posted the petitions filed by Atulya's daughter Marushka Marushka and sisters seeking quashing of criminal case initiated by Sheetal to April 23.The HC had last October appointed Dada as mediator in an attempt to help the family resolve the messy battle. The appointment was in response to a petition filed by Marushka and her two aunts seeking to quash a cruelty complaint lodged against them. The judges said the dispute appeared to be matrimonial in its origin.The court stayed all criminal proceedings as well as the ones under the Domestic violence Act initiated by Sheetal, her mother-in-law Madhuri Mafatlal and step daughter Marushka over allegations of theft, cruelty and violence.The bench had also directed Atulya to look after Sheetal's day-to-day maintenance and needs. \"We express hope that the matter gets settled through mediation,\" the judges had said then. Atulya's teenaged daughter Marushka from his first marriage which he ended to marry Sheetal, had filed a theft case against her step-mother for removal of about 40 paintings from the Mafatlal Bungalow in July. Sheetal countered with a cruelty complaint against Atulya and his entire family. His mother later filed a domestic violence complaint against Sheetal. Sheetal also filed one against her in-laws and she challenged her right of Madhuri Mafatlal to file a domestic violence complaint against only her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "polba (hooghly)", "code": "12510786", "title": "Woman raped by goons she hired to kill husband", "text": "POLBA (HOOGHLY): Police have dug up a fact more bizarre than fiction in the gangrape of a 39-year-old woman in Hooghly's Polba, 60km from Kolkata. Investigators say she was raped by the killers she had hired with the help of her lover to murder her husband.The lover, Zico Pal alias Potla, is a rich, married farmer 14 years younger to the woman. He wept inconsolably in the police station as he narrated how he tried to stop the killers from raping her, sources said. But the gang tied him up and went on raping the woman.The four killers had been hired by Potla from Belgharia on the city's fringes, Baranagar and Bandel, police said. He and the woman have confessed to the crime. The lovers and the killers have been arrested.Police grew suspicious of the woman because she seemed reluctant to file a complaint of rape although a medical examination had confirmed sexual assault. Her FIR mentioned only dacoity and murder. It was her 14-year- old son, Kushal, who told the villagers she had been raped. She added a rape complaint at their insistence.The incident occurred around midnight on March 28 in Patna village of Polba. The woman's 50-year-old husband, Krishna Chandra Mal, a wealthy potato farmer, was attacked in his courtyard when he got up to go to the bathroom. The robbers slit Mal's throat and stabbed him repeatedly before they ransacked the house to make it look like a dacoity. They tied and gagged his wife and son. But before leaving with the loot, they took turns sexually assaulting the woman.Potla has admitted he had led the way to Mal's house and was present during the incident, police said. He had not told the gang of his involvement with the woman and was shocked when they decided to rape her before leaving the house. He tried to stop them but in vain. It was Kushal who managed to free himself and alert neighbours.Inconsistencies in woman's statements alerted police: Police say the woman had a kind of obsession for Potla. \"The two would meet whenever she went to her maternal home in Balagarh. Potla would even visit her house on a motorcycle when her husband was not around. The two would spend some time in private on the terrace. After arresting the criminals who raided Mal's house, we came to know that they were hired by Potla. The conspiracy became clear thereafter,\" an officer said. \"During sustained interrogation, the woman broke down and confessed to her involvement,\" he added.\"There were inconsistencies in the woman's statements from the start. Since the time we started the investigation, we suspected that there was more to the incident than what was being said. It was after sustained interrogation of the woman and the four accused that we got to the bottom of the matter,\" said Hooghly SP Tanmoy Roy Chowdhury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12513686", "title": "Once-proud cricket lovers are disappointed now", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A year after the Indian Cricket team made history, winning the ICC World Cup 2011 after a gap of 28 years, making every Indian proud, city-based cricket fans relive the moment which has been imprinted in their hearts.They remember clearly how fire crackers lit up the sky in celebration as Dhoni finished the match, beating the Sri Lankan cricket team, with a soaring six. They remember how thousands of youngsters had come out on the streets, dancing through the celebrations after India emerged favourites winning the semis in Mohali.However, there have been disappointments following the World Cup win as the Indian cricket team failed to maintain the tempo, performing badly and losing many matches abroad. Rahul Dravid's retirement and detection of Yuvraj's cancer were other setbacks. After a year of ups and downs following the World Cup victory, city residents share with TOI their feelings on that day, besides their expectations and disappointments.Utkarsh Saini, a businessman, who is a resident of Sector 15 said, \"I was continuously praying for winning the World Cup trophy. My heart skipped a beat with every miss in the last few overs. I think the team won because many people like me were praying on that day.\"Himani Gupta, a student, who lives in Sector 15 said, \"I was sure that India would win the World Cup, the day they won the semi-finals in Mohali. With the World Cup win, they also won over many new fans. Just like my younger brother, who is now a great fan of Yuvraj Singh. He even cried when the cricketer was detected with cancer.\"Kushal Singh, a resident of Mohali-Phase III said, \"My entire family was glued to the television. Nobody moved even during the ads. And as India won, we were ecstatic and my mom specially made halwa to celebrate the grand win.\"Though the World Cup victory brought back happy memories, the matches that the team lost after that have disappointed city cricket buffs.Sahil Sood, a student said, \"Every time the Indian team goes out to play, they should think about the World Cup 2011 win for inspiration. That was an unforgettable day but they did not maintain the same level of the game in many tests they played later in the year.\"On the night of April 2, 2011, all hearts beat just for the Indian team and when the victory came there was a thunderous applause across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12513144", "title": "Demand soars for Allahabad's watermelons", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Fruit lovers can savour the mouth watering watermelons of Allahabad. Like the famous guavas of the district, the local variety of watermelons, too, are high on demand and are even exported to Nepal and Bhutan where consignments worth several lakhs are sent. One of the famous varieties is Madhuri 64, a hybrid of watermelon cultivated in Andhra Pradesh.The belt along the Ganga from Phaphamau onwards is the hub of watermelon farming at places like Dafri, Kulesarghat and Puramufti in Kaushambi. The scorching summer sun is a boon for watermelon as its sweetness is directly proportional to exposure to sunlight, said Tariq Saeed, a farmer.The sowing season of watermelon grown on the banks of Ganga begins in December last week and the crop gets ready by mid-April after which the farmers send them to local markets laden atop camels and trucks, said a local wholeseller Mohd Muslim.About supply of watermelons to Nepal and Bhutan, Mahfooz, a trader, said: \"Generally, a consignment marked for border districts like Gorakhpur is sent to these countries by local traders who naturally rake moolahs.\"He added that since the demand has increased this year, sellers have advanced the date of sending the produce which otherwise is sent during June and afterwards. However we are praying that this time weather should not play spoilsport like last year when unexpected showers and hailstorm caused major damage to the crop, he said.A wholeseller at Mundera Mandi, Niaz said: \"On an average, five to six truckloads of watermelon are sent to Gorakhpur from where they are sent to foreign markets. Usually, a truck load of watermelon weighs around 11 metric tonnes and is priced at Rs 32,000.In the retail market, a single watermelon is sold for Rs 3.25 per kg, but in the case of export quality product, price increases if the total weight exceeds 11 metric tonnes.Apart from this, the local variety is also sent to neighbouring districts of Rewa, Satna, Katni and Jabalpur in Madhya Pradesh and the rates are same, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12511890", "title": "Charges against Agarwals quashed", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh high court last week quashed all criminal proceedings against M L Agarwal and four of his family members in their daughter-in-law Radhika Agarwal's suicide case which was pending before the third additional chief metropolitan magistrate, Hyderabad. The court in its order passed on March 27, 2012, stated that sections 498-A (dowry harassment) and 306 (abetment of suicide) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) could not be applied against Agarwal and his family members as the investigations did not establish these allegations.The Agarwal family had filed two quash petitions in 2010. While the first petition was filed on behalf of Agarwal's three daughters, Akshitha Nehar, Sheetal Agarwal and Kirthi Goel, the second one was filed seeking relief for Agarwal and his wife Premalatha Agarwal. The petitions had come up for hearing last year but the court delivered its judgment only in March this year. The proceedings were chaired by Justice Raja Elango.The High Court maintained that Radhika committed suicide within a period of seven years of her marriage but said that there was no evidence of abetment of suicide (Section 306) or that the deceased was harassed for dowry. The court ruled that Radhika's unhappiness with her family life and she being forced to work as a maid servant could not be presumed as instigation by her in-laws for her to commit suicide. Radhika Agarwal, daughter of city industrialist Shiv Prakash Bansal, committed suicide in June 2009 by hanging herself from the railing of the roof garden in her father's house on Road No. 11, Banjara Hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12513664", "title": "Diamond market observes total bandh", "text": "SURAT: Diamond markets in Surat observed a complete closure on Monday to support the fortnight long agitation by the jewellers community across the country to protest the one per cent levy of excise duty on precious metal jewellery.Trading of rough and polished diamonds in the diamond markets at Varachha and Mahidharpura was suspended on Monday as the diamond merchants and manufacturers abstain from work with the safe deposit vaults, too remaining closed.The closure was announced by Surat Diamond Association (SDA) following the diamond merchants in Mumbai observing a day's closure on Saturday to support the nation-wide strike of the jewelers.Dinesh Navadia, president, SDA said, \"The diamond industry firmly believe that the Central government has taken a wrong decision by imposing one per cent excise duty on precious metal jewellery. This will not only encourage the inspector raj in the jewellery sector, but deteriorate the condition of the goldsmiths and artisans.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511750", "title": "Life term for killing niece", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a 20-year-old man to life imprisonment for killing his three-year-old niece by banging her head on the floor over a fight with her sister.Additional sessions judge Atul Kumar Garg also imposed a fine of Rs 2,000 on Ravi, while holding him guilty of his niece's murder and causing injuries to her sister in a fight over her stay in his house. The court said Ravi used to quarrel with his sister as he wanted her to leave his house and in one such fight on March 24, 2011, he killed his niece in a fit of rage.\"His sister had seen the convict beating her daughter. When the complainant tried to save her, the convict caught hold of the complainant's daughter by the neck and threw her on the ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12513211", "title": "CAG slams tourism and culture dept for unfinished projects", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India took potshots at Odisha government for failing to execute two projects, announced by the tourism and culture department almost seven years ago.Though the proposed Kalamandal project, involving establishment of a multi-purpose cultural complex in Bhubaneswar was mooted in 2005, it is still stuck in limbo. Likewise, the proposed Biju Patnaik Sanskriti Bhavan project at Berhampur, announced in 2005, remains a nonstarter till date.According to the CAG audit report, placed in the Assembly last week, the Kalamandal project is hanging fire as the proposed site near Sainik School here is entangled in legal controversy. The state government had given nearly 9.63 acres land to the culture department for the project, but a private party staked claim over the land and lodged a petition in Orissa high court. State-run Odisha Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation (Idco) had started construction for the nearly Rs 5 crore project in July 2006, but the work was stalled following a high court order.\"The HC order held that the land in question was under legal possession of a private person. The matter still remains sub-judice (Nov 2011),\" the CAG report said. \"However, the 'Bhulekh' land records web portal of Odisha showed that the record of right of the earmarked land continued to be recorded in the name of Odisha. No change of ownership of land had been effected in the record of right as of November 2011,\" the report said.The CAG found flaw with the culture department's director, saying, \"Lack of adequate and proper diligence by the culture department in verifying the title of the land before commencement of the work led to the potential wasteful expenditure of Rs 72.62 lakh. By the time the construction was stalled, Idco had already spent Rs 72.73 lakh. Besides, Idco also spent Rs 5.89 lakh on watch and ward of the incomplete project as of June 2011,\" the report said.Culture director Sushil Das said: \"The state government has filed a civil appeal in the Supreme Court. The apex court while granting leave viewed that the matter needs to be reconsidered by the HC.\"On the other hand, the construction of building for Biju Patnaik Sanskriti Bhavan at Berhampur is yet to start even seven years after laying the foundation stone by chief minister, the CAG report said.The culture department in January 2004 decided to set up the Bahvan on 1.253 acre land. During a survey in December 2008, it was found that the site was situated in a low-lying area filled with garbage and sewage water, due to which the soil strata had disintegrated.\"It is the initial failure of the director, culture to inspect and survey the site properly leading to the blockage of Rs 1.35 crore,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12512636", "title": "Ramajayam was strangled to death, says report", "text": "TRICHY: While police are yet to trace the culprits responsible for the brutal murder of K N Ramajayam, brother of former minister and DMK leader K N Nehru, the post-mortem examination report confirmed that he had died due to strangulation and head injuries.Addressing media persons on Monday, Trichy police commissioner Shailesh Kumar Yadav said Ramajayam died due to \"a cumulative effect of manual strangulation, smothering and head injuries\". However, the officer declined to reveal the exact time of death as per the report.Ramajayam had disappeared while on his morning walk on March 29. His body was later found on the banks of the Cauvery at Thiruvalarcholai near Trichy. His body was found with mouth gagged and hands and legs bound with cellophane tape. Ramajayam, 50, had been named in some land-grab cases and was out on bail.The commissioner said the police teams were determined to solve the Ramajayam murder case. \"I have dedicated myself to the job,\" he said, adding that it would not be prudent to disclose some of the \"leads\" at this stage. If he disclosed the time of death it would trigger a chain of more speculative stories, \"which would not only serve as an impediment to the progress of investigations but also alert the murderers\".He said the investigations were in full swing and as many as seven police teams were probing the murder case. The officer expressed confidence that they would bring the killers to book soon.Yadav also cautioned the media to use only appropriate terms while writing or airing views about the case. He said that police did not interrogate Ramajayam's wife as it was presented in some sections of the media, but the police only interacted with her in order to get the larger picture of the case details. The DMK has demanded a CBI probe into the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12512358", "title": "Education system needs revision: Kapil Sibal", "text": "KOLKATA: Speaking at the higher education conclave organized by the Indian Chamber of Commerce, minister of human resource development, Kapil Sibal stressed ways to improve the existing academic patterns. \"Most of our universities are not forward-looking and follow archaic academic systems and policies because their highest decision making bodies - the academic and executive councils - are run by people with vested interests,\" he said.He went on to criticize the dichotomy in the policies of universities across the country, causing a severe disparity in levels of learning. \"There are forward looking universities that have converted colleges affiliated to them into the semester system, whereas there are many others who take exams at the end of three years. Naturally, there will be a wide gap in the quality of students produced,\" Sibal stressed.He criticized affiliating universities that keep taking colleges under their wings, reminding everyone of Calcutta University that has nearly 400 colleges affiliated to it. \"Such universities cannot concentrate on academics anymore because they have become centres that set exam question papers and publish results,\" Sibal said without mincing words.He went on to elucidate on the plan of a single engineering entrance exam for the entire country. The idea is that not only the IITs and centre-run engineering institutes will take students on the basis of one central exam, but even the state run colleges.\"We do not want to force this on the states. Each state will be consulted before a final call is taken. We will be able to remove the disparity between the different school exam boards by arriving at a formula that is being devised for the purpose by the Indian Statistical Institute,\" Sibal explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12513106", "title": "After flip-flop, CBI goes soft on DPI", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the cash-for-jobs scam, two CBI officials had endorsed registration of a criminal case against former DPI (Schools) Samwartak Singh and unknown public servants but later, the CBI diluted its stand by saying that changes made in the procedures for recruiting teachers were arbitrary and not of criminal nature.These observations were made by division bench of Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi and Justice Mahesh Grover while entrusting probe in the case to Delhi branch of CBI on March 30. The two officials who had endorsed registration of a criminal case were CBI inspector Ghunjyal and SP (CBI) Amitabh Dhillon, both of who are presently attached with the CBI headquarters in Delhi.The detailed order of high court revealed that the former CBI inspector Ghunjyal, who had looked into the scam at the initial stage, had recommended the registration of a case under relevant sections including 420 (cheating) and 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and under Section 13 of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 against DPI (S) Samwartak Singh and other officials. The recommendations had been accepted by the then SP (CBI) of anti-corruption branch, Amitabh Dhillon.The orders said the CBI had subsequently done a complete turnaround and diluted its stand by saying changes were arbitrary and did not amount to criminal conspiracy. The order added that it was not established that candidates, who were wrongly called for interview were finally selected and change of criteria was not motivated.The role of former DPI (S) Samwartak Singh had also come under the radar of the Chandigarh police when police investigation had revealed that a total 130 calls were exchanged between Samwartak and prime accused Jolly within two months of the scam coming to light in 2009.The Chandigarh police too failed to establish criminal conspiracy on Samwartak Singh's part and only recommended strict departmental action against him.The division bench entrusted the probe into cash-for-jobs scam to the Delhi branch of CBI and slammed the Chandigarh unit of the CBI saying that \"Several high-ups are involved and the impartiality of the investigation has seriously been compromised despite glaring material available with the investigating agency.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12511475", "title": "Two youths end lives for 'Telangana cause'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two students allegedly committed suicide in support of the Telangana cause in separate incidents on Monday.In the first incident, Sambari Navin,18, a first year B Tech student studying in Christu Jyothi College in Jangaon town in Warangal district was found hanging from the ceiling fan at his residence. He allegedly left a suicide note in which he said that his suicide was for a separate Telangana cause. \"The central and state governments should open their eyes to the Telangana state demand,\" he said in his letter. Ganapathi Jadav, Jangaon rural circle inspector, is investigating the case. The body was shifted to Jangaon area hospital for post-mortem.In the second incident that took place in Nizamabad district, Naveen, 18, an intermediate student, allegedly jumped into the village tank at Gannaram village in Dichpalli mandal on Monday evening. Police found a suicide note in which he said that he was taking this extreme step in protest against the apathy of the Centre to the demand of people of this region for a separate state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi/ hyderabad", "code": "12511744", "title": "Rivals close ranks to overthrow Kiran", "text": "NEW DELHI/ HYDERABAD: Even as the Congress high command is concerned over the sad state of affairs in Andhra Pradesh , the various groups opposed to N Kiran Kumar Reddy appear to be closing ranks in order to oust him from the CM's chair.Party sources in Delhi told TOI that AICC secretary B Krishnamurthy has presented a dismal picture of the party's position in the state. \"Neither the state Congress nor the state government is in a position to instill confidence in the voters. As a result, the Congress is too week to avert the impending debacle in the next bypolls in 18 constituencies,\" is said to be the gist of Krishnamurthy's report submitted to the high command after his two-day visit to Hyderabad last week.While this may not augur well for the chief minister, the rival camps have decided to step up the campaign to dethrone him. \"PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana, deputy CM C Damodar Raja Narasimha, health minister D L Ravindra Reddy and PR minister K Jana Reddy are all chief ministerial aspirants themselves and have a section of the ruling party MLAs backing them. However, they have decided to make common cause as they seem to agree on one thing, that Kiran should go,\" said sources in Hyderabad.Half of the cabinet ministers are reported to be in touch with Botsa. While ministers like Satrucherla Vijaya Ramaraju, D Manikya Varaprasad, TG Venkatesh, Galla Aruna, P Viswarup, S Sailajanatha and Sudarshan Reddy are expected to take a neutral stand in the fight, J Geeta Reddy, K Jana Reddy, P Sabita, V Sunitha Lakshma Reddy, K Partha Sarathi, Pithani Satyanarayana, Dharmana Prasad Rao, D Nagender and M Mukesh Goud are perceived to be silently backing the anti-CM campaign.The activity is expected to gain momentum in the next couple of weeks with these groups planning to send their own men to brief the party leadership about the sorry state of affairs in Andhra Pradesh. According to the sources, the PCC chief and the deputy CM may leave for New Delhi sometime towards the end of this week itself.\"The high command is ascertaining the strength of Kiran Kumar Reddy to lead the party through the 2014 elections,\" the sources said. \"Many ministers who have no love lost with the chief minister are in the grip of fear that Kiran Kumar would use the state agencies like ACB to make them unpopular by implicating them in one case or the other,\" the sources added. They cite the example of excise minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana, whose name figured in the ACB's report as recipient of bribe from the liquor cartel. The rumblings within the state Congress will intensify in the next couple of weeks, claimed the sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511346", "title": "CBI raids travel agency", "text": "MUMBAI: The CBI's anti-corruption wing, with Indian Railways' vigilance department, raided the office of Gayatri Travel Agency in Vile Parle. Thirty-eight journey-cum-reservation tickets of opening dates of summer vacation and 17 e-ticket, worth Rs 1.08 lakh, which the agency was allegedly going to sell at a higher premium, were seized.The Journey cum reservation tickets of summer vacations for opening dates of booking were procured by the agency from remote Passenger Reservation System (PRS) locations involving states of Maharashtra, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12511122", "title": "AGFTDA strike on April 5, cellphone users to be affected", "text": "Panaji: Claiming that telecom providers were coercing them to activate SIM cards without proper verification of documents, the All Goa FMCG and Telecom Distributors Association (AGFTDA) has threatened to go on an indefinite strike from April 5, if the issue is not resolved by then.Addressing mediapersons, AGFTDA president B M Prabhudesai said telecom providers were pressurizing distributors to activate the connections to meet subscriber targets.He disclosed that Idea Cellular had terminated the distributorship of a Mapusa-based distributor in this regard. He alleged that the company was attempting to break the unity of the distributors association. Government of India guidelines require pre-verification of subscribers before activation. Idea Cellular, however, denied this.In an email statement, Rajendra Chourasia, COO (Maha &amp; Goa), Idea Cellular said \"Idea is an ethical organization and all our business practices are completely transparent and above board. We do not indulge in nor advocate any incorrect business practices as is being alleged. We had to terminate services of a channel partner due to performance issues. It is unfortunate that the trade has sensationalized the matter.\"Prabhudesai revealed that AGFTDA has taken up the matter with the chief minister, home secretary, Gand the police. They also observed a one-day strike on Monday. The proposed strike from April 5 will largely affect prepaid cellphone users in Goa.GCCI president Manguirish Pai Raikar said that he hoped to create a platform for a peaceful settlement. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12513600", "title": "Illegal buildings: Govt gets 3 weeks to firm up stand", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has given the Tamil Nadu government three weeks' time to announce its policy and decision on the Justice S Mohan Committee recommendations on regularisation of unauthorized buildings in the state.More than 20 buildings in T Nagar, which were sealed on October 31, 2011 and then allowed to open as per the Supreme Court order, will remain open till the matter is taken up again for hearing on June 4.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam passed the order when the batch of petitions relating to the unauthorized buildings in Chennai, more particularly those in T Nagar, came up for further hearing on Monday.On June 1, 2007, the previous DMK government formed a committee headed by Justice S Mohan, a retired judge of the Supreme Court. It was asked to suggest suitable amendments to the Tamil Nadu Town and Country Planning Act to regulate developmental activities better. The committee, which had a total of 33 sittings, submitted its report to the state government on July 2010. The key recommendation of the committee is insertion of a new provision - Section 113C - giving power to the government to exempt any building developed on or before July 1, 2007, subject to fulfillment of certain conditions in the guidelines.On February 17, the bench said: \"We are inclined to allow six weeks time to the government to take a decision on the recommendations of the committee and file an affidavit before this court as to the decision taken.\"On Monday, however, advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan said the state would require 10 more weeks to take a decision on the report of Justice Mohan Committee. He told the first bench that the government could not take a decision because of the ongoing budget session of the assembly.The judges, declining to grant 10 weeks time to the government , said: \"We direct the authorities to take the final decision within three weeks from today. It is made clear that the state government must take the decision within the time stipulated , which shall be circulated to the counsel. Till then status quo as on today shall be maintained .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12510290", "title": "Mumbai splurges on land, ignores infrastructure needs", "text": "MUMBAI: The reason why Mumbai's infrastructure is in a perpetual mess is not far to seek. Investments made in basic civic projects have amounted to only Rs 15,305 crore since 2005. During the same period, the real estate market saw a staggering investment of Rs 27,608 crore.The skewed state of affairs in India's financial capital has been documented in a Jones Lang Lasalle India (JLLI) report, 'The anatomy of urban investments in India', that was released on Monday. \"Data indicates that the quantum of investments in mega infrastructure projects amounts to only 60% of that made in prime land in the city, approximately in the same period,\" said the report. \"Most mega infrastructure projects are stuck at various bottlenecks and are abysmally behind schedule. One of the main reasons for this is inadequate funds arriving far too sporadically,\" said Subhankar Mitra of JLLI.The Jones Lang Lasalle India report has pointed out that while land in Mumbai is a goldmine, funding of infrastructure is the pits. Since 2005, Rs 27,608 crore has been invested in a total of 697 acres in India's financial capital. These mainly involved big-ticket land deals.The report recommends that the city's infrastructure sector requires an additional Rs 27,500 crore over the next five years to complete the stalled projects in time. \"This is equal to the amount the city has buried in its land. The paradox of the situation is that despite sitting on such massive money resources, Mumbai is unable to generate funds for its most essential requirements,\" it said.The report said the sum invested in Mumbai's land in the last seven years does not include confidential transactions and investments made in slum rehabilitation projects (SRA) and other redevelopment projects. \"Unaccounted transactions could possibly comprise another Rs 10,000 crore,\" it said.The country's largest land deals were all recorded in Mumbai since 2005 when the defunct textile mill lands in central Mumbai were opened up for development. Around the same time, large parcels of real estate in the business district of BKC started attracting the attention of big developers who quoted amounts ranging between Rs 800 crore and over Rs 1,000 crore for certain plots in this enclave.In terms of investment sizes and the total quantum of investment, south Mumbai leads the pack, followed by the western zone-primarily because of land auctions at BKC. The east zone attracted the least investments-most of them in defunct industries along LBS Marg.The report said about 2.5 lakh dwelling units were launched in Mumbai over the last five years. \"The direct beneficiaries of these real estate investments are, at best, about 2.5 lakh households (considering one family occupying one dwelling unit) or less than 10% of the city's population,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511736", "title": "Panipat rapid rail link hits ministry hurdle", "text": "NEW DELHI: A proposal meant to speed up construction of the NCR's first elevated rapid rail corridor between Delhi and Panipat by avoiding land acquisition hurdles has not gone down well with the highways ministry. While the urban development ministry has proposed that the corridor be built on the median of NH-1 or the green belt along the highway, the highways ministry has pointed out this will make construction of flyovers and underpasses difficult in future.A National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) official accepted that the proposal was made keeping in view the problems faced in land acquisition for infrastructure projects in the NCR, but said, \"We are also working on the improvement of the Delhi-Panipat stretch of NH-1. We want the rapid rail work to be in sync with our plan so that we create adequate facilities for both road and rail transport\".Regarding the plan, another source said, \"They proposed to lay the tracks on pillars on the lines of Delhi Metro. Since the highway runs close to residential and commercial sectors, the urban development ministry felt an elevated rail corridor built above it would be more useful\".The highways ministry has now suggested that the urban development ministry acquire land adjacent to the right of way (RoW) - road width under the NHAI - for laying railway tracks so that NHAI's plans are not jeopardized.Traffic on national highways in the NCR has been increasing at the rate of 10-12% per annum, so NHAI would have to build flyovers or underpasses to meet future requirements. The National Capital Region Planning Board (NCRPB) has been working on a Rs 5,000 crore plan to lay eight rail corridors connecting Delhi and cities in the NCR with high-speed commuter trains.These would connect Delhi to Meerut via Ghaziabad; Delhi to Alwar via Gurgaon and Rewari; and Delhi to Panipat via Sonepat.As per the proposal, high speed commuter trains will run at 10-minute intervals. There will be new tracks and new trains while the number of stops will be kept down to ensure faster travel. This will help people who live in different parts of NCR but work in Delhi. In the long run, it will also reduce congestion in the capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12512573", "title": "Modern eateries to hit Kochi streets soon", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi corporation's project to give roadside eateries in the city a facelift, has finally taken off.The civic body has completed the initial procedures and got the required approvals from the council and the government.Though the project to provide modernized stainless steel handcarts to street hawkers was inaugurated in 2010, various issues in the council and delay in procuring approvals and funds had delayed the project.\"Initially many councillors opposed the proposal, and we were not able to get approvals and funds from agencies on time. There was also delay in preparing the list of beneficiaries,\" said T K Ashraf, Health Standing Committee chairman. Ashraf said Syndicate Bank had sanctioned a loan of Rs 1 crore for the project, which will be completed in one month. \"The corporation's share of Rs 25 lakh has been handed over to the bank and we have given orders to build the modernized handcarts,\" he said. The project being implemented under the Kerala Sustainable Urban Development Programme (KSUDP) will rehabilitate about 50 street food vendors in the first phase.Ashraf said training would be given to selected beneficiaries along with uniform and identity cards.Each beneficiary will get a modernized handcart with necessary working facilities. The civic body will also assist the vendors in taking low-interest loans of about Rs 2 lakh required for setting up the wayside eatery. \"Through the project, we want to ensure that safe and tasty food is provided at a reasonable cost. The Corporation has also announced a subsidy of Rs 50,000 for each vendor,\" said Ashraf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511638", "title": "Undertrials fox cops, slip out of custody", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three Haryana policemen have landed in trouble after two undertrials escaped from their custody in Dwarka on Monday evening.The accused, Sandeep Chitania and Neetu, fooled the cops in a filmy fashion. They were brought to Saket court for hearing from a Gurgaon jail in the Delhi Metro. When the trial got over around 2pm, they decided to take the Metro back to Gurgaon. But someone driving an SUV offered them a ride, which the cops accepted. The driver was known to the accused. Instead of going to Gurgaon, the driver suggested to the cops that there's a nice eatery on the way where they could grab a bite. Cops agreed.On the way, the accused said they would need to relieve themselves. Cops agreed once again and removed the handcuffs of one of them. Immediately, he snatched one policeman's carbine and hit another with it. In the confusion, the cops somehow managed to get out of the car and take cover in the bushes nearby.The accused even managed to snatch the arrest warrant before driving away.Deputy commissioner of police (southwest) A K Ojha confirmed the incident and said a case under appropriate sections of IPC had been registered. \"Suitable action will be taken and the three policemen may also face departmental inquiry for negligence while discharging duty,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12513251", "title": "Fat cells can prevent diabetes?", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have identified a gene in body's fat cells, which they claim could protect one against diabetes, a finding that independent experts say may pave the way for effective treatments for the ailment.In fact, a team, led by Harvard Medical School in the US, has found that contrary to popular perception, body fat can actually be of benefit, boosting body's ability to regulate blood sugar.In their research, the scientists found that the gene - called ChREBP - resists type 2 diabetes by converting glucose sugar into fatty acids and boosting sensitivity to insulin, which regulates the blood sugar, the 'Daily Express' reported. Type 2 diabetes normally develops during middle age from obesity or an unhealthy lifestyle . \"The general concept that all fat is bad is not true.\"Obesity is commonly associated with metabolic dysfunction that puts people at higher risk for diabetes, stroke and heart disease, but there is a large percentage of obese people who are metabolically healthy,\" said team leader Dr Mark Herman.For most obese people, levels of sugar rise too much because it is prevented from entering fat cells. But, the scientists found in their trial on laboratory mice that if they increased levels of a \"glucose transporter\" gene in obese rodents , it allowed more sugar into their fat cells and protected against diabetes.Sugar in fat cells triggered a response from the gene that regulated insulin sensitivity throughout the body, revealed the findings published in the 'Nature' journal.The scientists found that - conversely - normal weight mice missing the transporter gene developed diabetic symptoms.Experts have hailed the findings . Professor Ulf Smith at the University of Gothenburg in Sweden , who is president of the European Association for the Study of Diabetes, said: \"It's a really exciting finding. We've been looking for the mechanism to try to understand why glucose metabolism in adipose tissue is so important for whole-body sensitivity to insulin.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12512768", "title": "Robbers involved in looting truck laden with motorcycles arrested", "text": "KANPUR: The police, on Monday, claimed to have busted a gang of highway robbers, arrested three men and recovered 60 motorcycles worth above Rs 50 lakh.The three accused hail from Ramabai Nagar district. They were identified as Ayub Ali of Rajpur, Manish Verma of Gandhi Nagar in Pukhrayan and Anees alias Ayub of Bhognipur.Deputy inspector general of police Amitabh Yash said that the gang had looted a truck laden with a consignment of 60 motorcycles on March 28 from Gurgaon in Haryana before killing driver Nirmal Katheria and cleaner Ramnath. \"The accused had taken lift in the garb of passengers. After the truck reached National Highway-2 in Mathura, they mixed sedatives in the drinks and offered to the truck driver and cleaner. The two lost consciousness. Later, Ayub drove the truck to a desolate stretch and clubbed the driver and cleaner to death. The accused dumped the body of cleaner Ramnath, under the jurisdiction of Refinery police station on NH-2 in Mathura. The body of driver Nirmal Katheria was thrown in Tundla police station area in Firozabad district.When the three were on proceeding towards Bihar, they were nabbed by the sleuths of special operation group and Nazirabad police near GT Road at a petrol pump on Sunday night.\"We had formed special squads to nab the fourth accused identified as Javed, a resident of Bhatta area in Bhoginpur. Sixty motorcycles have been recovered,\" said a police officer.The police have also recovered three fake driving licences and papers of the robbed truck and consignment of two-wheelers.\"Five CBZ Extreme, 24 Glamour, 11 Passion and 20 DRS Pleasure motorcycles, worth Rs 50 lakh were recovered from the gang,\" he added.A case had already been registered with Refinery police in Mathura district under Sections 302/201 of the Indian Penal Code, besides a case under Sections 419/420/467/468/471/473/34 against the three with Nazirabad police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12513513", "title": "India's growth opening door of unprecedented opportunities: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Many regions of India continue to grow rapidly and are opening door for \"unprecedented\" opportunities for American companies, US commerce secretary John Bryson has said.Bryson, who was on a visit to India last week with a 16-member business delegation, said on Monday that his three-city India trip laid groundwork for a greater US-India trade and business partnership.\"During last week's trade mission, we took concrete steps toward strengthening our commercial relationship with India,\" Bryson said in a statement on his return from India.Bryson traveled to New Delhi, Jaipur and Mumbai wherein the focus was on the India's need in the infrastructure sector. In the next five years, India is planning to invest USD 1 trillion in the infrastructure sector.\"American business leaders connected with Indian firms to create new opportunities in India's rising infrastructure and renewable energy sectors. We met with government and business leaders and laid out our goals, as well as our concerns,\" he said.\"We saw first-hand how India's many regions continue to grow rapidly - opening the door for unprecedented opportunities. We launched a promising new partnership to bring more Indian visitors to the United States . These developments lay the groundwork for US companies to increase exports, attract greater investment, and create good jobs here at home,\" said the US commerce secretary.On his first trip to India as the country's commerce secretary, Bryson, and his delegation met with senior-level Indian government officials to advocate for US export opportunities in India's rapidly expanding infrastructure sector, promote investment opportunities in America , and encourage more Indian travelers to visit the US.The trade mission supported two of US President Barack Obama's priority initiatives: SelectUSA, the first coordinated effort by the US government to attract new business investments to America, and the National Export Initiative, an effort to create more good-paying jobs by doubling US exports by the end of 2014.During the mission, the delegation of US companies participated in meetings with Indian firms in an effort to promote their technologies and services in the Indian market, and support job creation at home.\"Being a part of the trade delegation to India accompanying commerce secretary John Bryson on his first official visit was both positive and productive. Our hosts in New Delhi, Jaipur, and Mumbai were extraordinarily gracious in welcoming us, and it is gratifying to be a formative part of what President Obama referred to as 'one of the defining partnerships of the 21st century',\" said Jim Butts, senior vice president, C H Robinson Worldwide, Inc.\"The overview of the economic and political situations was invaluable and reinforced our understanding of doing business in India. The dozens of meetings we had created direct and tangible results - direct project leads and relationships with potential new clients evolved overnight,\" said Jennifer Devlin, principal, EHDD Architecture.In New Delhi, Bryson had announced that the two countries have taken steps to renew the US-India commercial dialogue, a key component of the bilateral trade relationship, for an additional two-year term.While the delegation was in Mumbai, the board of directors of OPIC, the US government's development finance institution, approved USD 250 million in financing to help India's Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation ( IDFC ) expand its lending to renewable energy projects - including solar, wind and energy efficiency - as well as infrastructure projects overall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511663", "title": "No security plan for Mumbai train commuters: Railway minister", "text": "MUMBAI: New railway minister Mukul Roy said no plan for safe train travel in Mumbai was under the consideration of his ministry.\"No such proposal is pending. There are many other projects concerning the suburban train traffic in Mumbai that are under different stages of execution or being considered by the railways,\" Roy informed Congress Rajya Sabha member Vijay Darda in a written reply in the Parliament. Darda had sent him a letter, raising three questions: if the railways was considering any development plan for safe and secure travel on local trains in Mumbai, if the department was aiming at substantially eliminating the woes faced by passengers and if a single-point coordinated task force, comprising dedicated railway officials, was set up to redress commuters' grievances. to work out the modalities for approval and implementation of different projects.In his letter to Roy on March 20, Darda had told the minister that with well over 65 lakh people using the locals, it would be most appropriate to have an action plan for safe travel. \"Suburban trains are the lifeline of lakhs of Mumbaikars; it is the ministry's responsibility to ensure that steps are taken for their safety,\" Darda said.In response to Darda's question, Roy said while no such proposal was under consideration, the Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation, which had officers and staffers from the railway ministry and state, was formed to execute and implement important projects here.Even earlier, Darda took up the issue of safety for train passengers with former railways ministers Dinesh Trivedi and Mamata Banerjee and also the Prime Minister. \"I am in correspondence with the authorities for four years, I am sure, the railway ministry will initiate measures for passengers' safety,\" Darda told TOI. According to him, a proposal for safe travel has been drafted by an architect from Navi Mumbai, Anant Kashinath Raut. \"I have submitted Raut's proposal to the ministry. The highlight is that it requires little financial help, while it envisages a safe, comfortable and smooth journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511450", "title": "Katju seeks Meghalaya Speaker's response on MLA's attack on lensman", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reacting to a complaint that a photo journalist had been allegedly assaulted by a Meghalaya MLA, Press Council of India chief Markandey Katju on Monday sought response from the state assembly Speaker so that further action can be taken in this regard.In a letter to Meghalaya Assembly Speaker Charles Pyngrope, Katju said he had received a complaint from Indian Journalist Union about an alleged assault on a photo journalist by a legislator in the hill state.\"It is alleged that a photo journalist, Walton Hilton, was attacked by MLA Founder Strong Cajee because he had taken a photograph of him in the assembly. As a result of this attack, the photographer had to be hospitalized in Shillong,\" the PCI chief said.Katju said if the complaint was true, it constituted a serious violation of the freedom of Press, which was guaranteed under Article 19 (1)(a) of the Constitution. \"Please give your response to this letter at the earliest so Press Council may take further action in the matter,\" the letter stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12513555", "title": "Sanskrit centre struggles to stay alive", "text": "CHENNAI: The Kuppuswami Sastri Research Institute attached to the Sanskrit College in Mylapore is in doldrums becauseof lackof government patronage.The institute, one of the three involved in Sanskrit research in the country , has been surviving on private donations . With not enough resources , the management is unable to pay the faculty thebenefitsof thesixth pay commission.Institute director V Kameswari said the Union government stopped its financial support in 1995, after which it has been solely dependent on donations . \"The institute has a trove of rare palm leaf manuscripts and books not just about Sanskrit literature but also on architecture , fine arts , geography , history and astronomy in Sanskrit ,\" says Kameswari.The two other such institutes are R G Bandarkar Sanskrit Institute in Pune andG anganathJha SanskritI nstitutein Allahabad . \"We have requested a onetime grant from the Union planning commission and also annual assistance from the Rashtriya Sanskrit Sansthan , but are yet to get any support ,\" says K S Balasubramanian , deputy director of the institute . The plan panel had given grants to the Mumbai Asiatic Society and Kolkata-based Asiatic Society .The institute was getting about 10 lakhtill 1995butdueto a misunderstanding between the government-appointed members of the governing committee and the management , the aid was stopped .Today ,there are 24scholars attheinstitute , most of them women doing their PhDs. \"Scholarsfrom acrossthecountry andworld visittheinstitute . Wesendout publications to many foreign universities and they in turn send their publications which are preserved here ,\" says Kameswari .The institute was started as a private non-profitorganisation in 1944in memory of Kuppuswami Sastri , a renowned Sanskrit scholar . It has a library with books on astronomy , architecture , fine arts , mathematics , Vedas , Puranas , Upanishads and various branches of science.\"A private entrepreneur made a donation with which we have airconditioned the library . The palm-leaf manuscriptsin thelibrary are 600to1,000 years old.Many of them arein Grantha script . We also have books on Jainism that speak about solving mathematical equations and explain geographical concepts ,\" says Kameswari , who is worried about keeping the ancient language alive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12512024", "title": "Demand for e-meters in Nashik's autos", "text": "NASHIK: Even as autorickshaw drivers in the city continue to charge commuters as they wish and not by meter, the Nashik zilla grahak panchayat has appealed to police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal to ensure that electronic meters be installed in rickshaws, only three passengers be allowed per auto and prepaid and sharing autorickshaw services be introduced in the interest of the consumers.The grahak panchayat has appealed to the regional transport officer, Nashik, and Sarangal to ensure that the directive of the Bombay high court in this regard is followed strictly in Nashik, which will protect passengers from getting cheated by rickshaw drivers who charge exorbitant fares.The organization added that rickshaw drivers should be made to take only three passengers instead of the current six to seven passengers and the meter fare should be shared by the three commuters. Further, boards displaying standard fare should be put up at important places and pre-paid autorickshaw services should be started from CBS, Nashik Road railway station, Thakker Bazaar bus stand and Maha Marg bus stand.Those not following rules should be punished by cancelling their permits, the panchayat said, adding that for the convenience of the passengers, a devoted phone helpline should be created by the police and the RTO so that people can easily lodge complaints against auto drivers who do not charge fare as per meter.The panchayat added that apart from this, the RTO and the police should start a mobile van service to note down complaints of passengers affected by rude and abusive rickshaw drivers. Vilas Deole, secretary of the Nashik zilla grahak panchayat, said that soon they will be meeting the police commissioner over this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12512840", "title": "Measures taken to plug SSLC question paper leak", "text": "MYSORE: Keeping II PU question paper leakage in mind, the department of public instruction (DDPI) has taken extra care to conduct SSLC examinations smoothly. As many as 42,514 students appeared for the exam that commenced here on Monday.In most of the schools, parents were seen helping their wards make last-minute preparations. Most of the students were anxious about the exams, and so were their parents.In Mysore district, the exams are being conducted in 148 centres across 562 schools. In all, 38,328 students are taking the exam for first time, 19,288 of them being boys. As many as 4,190 are repeaters.\"There is no scope for question paper leak in SSLC exams. The papers will be kept in district and taluks treasuries. In city, the treasury will be opened at 9am, while in taluks it will be opened quite early depending upon the distance (8am).The question paper bundle, which are be sealed in eight corners, will be opened only in front of the students,\" education officer Narasimmaiah said. They have also deputed escort officials, along with gunmen, to ensure that there is no paper leakage.On Day 1, the day of Kannada exam, it was smooth sailing and there were no malpractices reported, added Narasimmaiah. The exams were held from 10.30am to 1.45pm.Prohibitory orders have been imposed around 200-m radius across the exam centres from 9am to 5pm. Accordingly, apart from staff and students, others are prohibited from entering the centres. To check malpractices, the department has deputed sitting and flying squads apart from 41 teams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12512999", "title": "Bad roads near Nahargarh cause another accident", "text": "JAIPUR: In yet another accident at Nahargarh hills, a popular picnic destination in the city, two men were injured when their car lost balance owing to bad roads on Monday morning. The victims had gone for a picnic early on Monday morning. The incident took place when they were returning.According to the police, the mishap occurred around 6 am. One Manoj Kumar , a resident of Heera Ki Modi area in the Walled City, had gone to Nahargarh Fort for a picnic along with his friend Rajesh Sharma. Rajesh was driving the car, while Manoj was on the passenger seat.\"They were returning when their car lost balance due to potholes on the road near Nahargarh-Jaigarh turn. The car skidded into the gorge, but fortunately it got stuck in the bushes nearly three feet from the road,\" an officer said.Both Rajesh and Manoj were rushed to SMS Hospital and while Manoj was admitted, his friend was discharged after primary treatment.The car was pulled out of the gorge with the help of a crane. Several such accidents have taken place on the road leading to the fort in the past too. Police said that bad condition of roads was leading to these mishaps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12512316", "title": "Authority conducts survey of nursing homes to submit in SC", "text": "NOIDA: Noida Authority officials on Monday conducted a fresh survey of nursing homes operating out of residential areas. The latest scrutiny comes after the Supreme Court heard petitions filed by nursing homes and doctors on March 30. The petitioners claimed to have shut operations but were seeking permission to carry out their activities from 25% area of their respective premises.Five teams carried out detailed surveys of sectors 12, 15, 19, 20, 26, 34, 40, 55, 56 and 61 where about 14 nursing homes are reportedly conducting unauthorized activity. \"A video recording of the entire proceedings was also done,\" said Sant Ram, chief project engineer, Noida. \"This survey will continue on Tuesday and a report will then be compiled and submitted in the court on the next date of hearing,\" Sant Ram added.The new survey is being done on directions of the apex court on the plea of 47 nursing homes that face eviction. These nursing home owners and doctors had approached the court in February seeking permission to carry out activities from allowed area of residential premises. The petitioners submitted to the court that the Noida Master Plan 2031 permitted clinics to function from a part of residential plots. They requested that permission be given to offer some support facilities as well as provisions for overnight stay for 2-3 patients. The next date of hearing is April 16.Meanwhile, the Authority has geared up for its next sealing drive on April 4. On the sealing radar are just two properties in sector 26 and four in sector 28. The respective RWAs have been directed to issue alerts to these allottees to close shop immediately or face the sealing squad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511903", "title": "BJP expels seven rebels for contesting as independents", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP expelled seven of its rebel councillors for six years on Monday. Of the seven sitting councillors, six are contesting the coming municipal polls as independent candidates. Party sources say that the decision was taken after these councillors refused to take back their nominations.\"They have challenged the party's system. We will not tolerate indiscipline in the party. The party has followed a democratic procedure while selecting candidates for the municipal polls. Close to 8,000 people had applied for 272 seats,'' said Vijender Gupta, president, Delhi BJP.The seven councillors who were expelled are: Jagdish Mamgain, Praveen Rajput, Rajesh Yadav, Harish Avasthi, Sudesh Bhasin, Prabha Singh and Veena Abrol.Though the party has taken action against seven councillors, there are more than 30 rebel party workers who are either contesting themselves or have fielded their wives or other family members in the municipal polls. Gupta says BJP is in the process of identifying these party workers. \"We will soon take action against other rebel party workers. We decided to wait and watch as we were hopeful that these people will come back to the party. But now we have to take strict action against them,'' said Gupta.Expelled councillors say they had already resigned from the party. But Gupta claimed that he has not received any resignations. \"If he (Gupta) claims that he as not received any resignation then why didn't he send us a show-cause notice before expelling us. Before expelling a worker from the party, the worker is given a chance to explain. The party has disciplinary committee to tackle such issues. We have resigned from the party so where is the question of expulsion?\" said Jagdish Mamgain, sitting councillor from Kasturba Nagar and chairman of MCD works committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12512764", "title": "Museum on Punjabi immigrants opens in America", "text": "WASHINGTON: Capturing the story of over 100 years of the small yet influential Punjabi community in the US, a multi-media exhibition celebrating its contribution has opened in a Sikh-dominated Californian city.The first permanent exhibit of its kind in the United States, \"Becoming American: The Story of Pioneer Punjabis and South Asians\", the exhibition opened over the weekend in the Community Memorial Museum of Sutter County in California's Yuba City.Known as the prune capital of the world, Yuba City has a sizeable Sikh community. In fact, the Yuba-Sutter area has grown to be one of the largest in the US and one of the largest Sikh populations outside Punjab.The exhibit, developed by the Punjabi American Heritage Society, intends to provide a better understanding of their faith, traditions and experiences. \"It (the museum) documents the hardships they faced on their arrival in California in the early twentieth century and their journey to 'Becoming American',\" said community leader Jasbir Kang.The museum is a multi-media record of the challenges and successes of generations of Punjabi Americans, he added. In a message, the California governor, Edmund G Brown, said showcasing the story of the Punjabi Americans and South Asian migration to the US is a valuable and needed resource for current and future generations.According to local media reports, about 300 people attended inauguration of the permanent exhibition, attended by eminent community leaders and government officials.Beginning with the death of Maharaja Ranjit Singh, the exhibit tells the history of the immigration of the Sikh community to the US, their legislation and court cases, and early victories, starting with the ability to buy land and the eventual successes in country's politics.The exhibition reflects how the Punjabi community, even in the face of restrictive laws and discrimination, adapted to their new lives in California. They built successful businesses and excelled as students. They established a network of community organizations and served with distinction in the armed forces.Immigration restrictions made it difficult for Punjabi women to come to the US. Men who wanted to have families often decided to marry Mexican Americans. Some men chose to remain as bachelors, it says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511417", "title": "Central panel to recruit private govt-aided school teachers", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government will soon introduce a central process for recruiting teachers to private government-aided schools.Replying to a discussion on education in the state's schools, education minister Rajendra Darda said recruitment committees will be set up for the purpose at the district level.\"Those seeking employment as teachers in private aided schools will have to appear for a common entrance test (CET), and if they clear it, they will be placed in various private aided schools in the district,\" said Darda.The procedure is being followed for the recruitment of teachers to civic, zilla parishad and panchayat schools. It is now being sought to be introduced for private aided schools as there are several complaints against school managements which demand hefty bribes in the range of Rs 15-20 lakh for a teacher's job.In some cases, when a school is granted aid, teachers who used to work for a pittance are sacked and have to pay a hefty amount to get the job back. Darda said it would be made a condition for schools which are granted aid that they cannot sack a teacher.The principal of a school in Dadar said, \"The management of the school will lose interest in school activities if the policy is implemented. If they will not be given powers to even recruit teachers, how will they ensure quality?\"Another principal said, \"The decision will have its own pros and cons. We are not sure how quality will be affected, considering the teachers hired in government schools are not up to the mark. However, the school committee will not play any role now if the new policy comes into place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12512612", "title": "Global investors' summit to focus on IT, textile, auto &amp; food processing", "text": "INDORE: Review meeting for the three-day global investors' summit scheduled to be held in Indore, was organised here on Monday. It was first such meeting organised to discuss details of the summit to be held from October 28.The focus area of the summit will be fields like information technology, textile, food processing, auto cluster and auto engineering. A decision to this effect was taken during the meet presided over by the state industries minister, Kailash Vijayvargiya and attended by the managing director, TRIFAC, P K Dash.Managing director of tourism in the state Pankaj Rag said, \"We have released a booklet, comprising the tourism potential in the state during Khajuraho summit early this year. However, the booklet was being upgraded and few more features have been added to it\".The summit is expected to be held at three venues including Reliance ground and Fortune Landmark of Ganga-Jamuna. CII has been assigned to make the choice. Around 200 foreign delegates are likely to participate in the summit.A review meeting would be held every month up to October. As a prelude, road-shows will be held at metros like Mumbai, New Delhi, Bangalore and Ludhiana. Similar shows will also be held in Europe and Brazil. E&Y; is the knowledge partner for the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12513368", "title": "Murder accused walks free", "text": "PANCHKULA: A local court acquitted the only accused in the Simran Kundra murder case after the prosecution failed to produce any concrete evidence against him. The accused, Tanmay Arora, who was planning to marry Simran, murdered her in Chandigarh on April 30, 2011.Amit Dudeja, the deceased's counsel, said they will file an appeal against the acquittal before the Punjab and Haryana High Court. Earlier, a case was also registered against Simran's ex-husband Karan Mehra but cops had given him a clean chit.Police said on April 30, Tanmay had attacked Simran, a student of International Institute of Fashion Design ( INIFD), at her house in Sector 15 of Panchkula when he found her in the company of three youths he did not know. He banged the deceased's head against the bathroom wall and then throttled her when she shouted for help. According to the police he then packed her body in his car and dumped her body in a vacant plot near Lidhran village on Jalandhar-Amritsar National Highway.Cops had found Simran's abandoned car in Sector 16 market on May 1, 2011 and got in touch with her parents in Amritsar, who lodged a missing person's complaint at Sector 15, Panchkula. On finding her body, the missing complaint was converted and a case was registered against Karan Mehra and Tanmay under Sections 302 (murder), 364 (kidnapping) and 201 (causing disappearance of evidence) of IPC. Tanmay had surrendered to Panchkula police On May 13, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12512946", "title": "Underground parking lots await vroom of bikes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The civic body has approved Rs 46 crore for the construction of the underground multi-level parking lot in Sector 17, but there are five underground parking lots in prominent areas of the city, where no vehicle is being parked due to the seemingly non-chalant attitude of the civic body towards these lots. These parking lots were constructed for two-wheelers by incurring a cost of crores of rupees but they all are lying unused and people don't park their vehicles even free of cost due to poor upkeep.There is space for parking 2,250 two-wheelers at one go in all five underground parking lots. Three such underground lots are located in the commercial hub of the city in Sector 17, while the remaining two are in Sector 8.According to sources in the MC, there are no proper facilities in these underground parking lots including lighting besides proper sanitary conditions. They add that the engineering department has been told a number of times to provide these facilities, but nothing has happened in this regard.Municipal councillor and former city mayor Subhash Chawla said, \"People don't feel that they themselves or their vehicles are safe in these underground parking lots and the MC is not paying any attention to improving the facilities or providing proper maintenance. There is need to redesign these lots or make parking compulsory for shopkeepers and government employees there.\"Municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"We are mulling over improving the facilities at these underground parking lots, so that people willingly come and park their vehicles here. We cannot force the public, but hope that people park their vehicles in these lots after we improve the facilities there.\"The municipal councillors at the recent house meeting had rejected the officers' view to make these underground lots paid ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12512169", "title": "Kids in school bus escape tragedy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The death of a school student on Monday at Kalupur might have turned into a bigger tragedy. The school bus that went out of control and ran over Moinuddin Mallik, 8, was packed with students of primary section of Tutorial High School who also had their first paper on Monday.The children who were travelling by the bus escaped unhurt as the bus driver could stop the vehicle before matters turned worse. The students inside the bus too were shocked after the incident. They were later sent to their school in private autorickshaws so that they could answer their exams.Public anger boiled over after the incident. The errant driver Jayesh Solanki, 35, a resident of Vejalpur, driver of the bus and beat him up before police could reach the spot and rescue him. The crowd then vented out their anger on bus and started pelting stones at the bus. The vehicle was damaged in the incident.When police tried to stop the pelting, the attackers turned towards police and entered into a scuffle. The incident resulted into logjam on Relief Road for more than an hour, said investigators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12512726", "title": "Infra development likely to be a thrust area", "text": "INDORE: Upbeat over record revenue collection, the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is planning to give a push to infrastructure of the city in the upcoming budget. The IMC budget, expected to be tabled in the house within a fortnight, may see increase allocation for sewerage, roads and bridges.\"Main thrust of the budget will be on improving infrastructure without putting additional tax burden on citizens,\" IMC official said, adding that process to prepare civic budget is an advance stage.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said preparation for budget is in last stage and civic body will give special stress on infrastructural development of the city in coming year.With assembly elections next year, the budget is expected to be a populist. The IMC will focus on giving facelift to the city by improving road condition, improving connectivity by constructing link roads and ease traffic on main roads with construction of feeder roads. Culverts will be converted into bridge and construction of few new bridges can also be taken up. Unlike 2011-12, when the IMC faced embarrassment on some occasions over the poor disposal of solid waste management, the civic body is learnt to be preparing plans to improve garbage disposal system.Along with improving infrastructure, the IMC is also planning to widen revenue base to augment revenue collection. \"The IMC has collected nearly Rs 90 crore more this fiscal than previous year and we are hoping to repeat the performance in 2012-13,\" an official said, adding that instead of imposing new taxes, the civic body will explore other ways of increasing revenue collection.In this financial year, the IMC added 30,000 new property taxpayers compared to previous year. Now, the IMC is eyeing to add 60,000 additional property taxpayers in next financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12513185", "title": "Foreigners banned from visiting Koraput too", "text": "KORAPUT: After Rayagada, Koraput district administration has imposed a complete ban on the entry of foreign nationals and tourists into the district. The administration's ban comes in the backdrop of the abduction of two Italian tourists and an MLA by the Maoists in the state recently.Koraput district collector Sachin Jadhav communicated the diktat in a letter sent to all tour operators on Monday. \"In the light of the recent unfortunate events of abduction of foreign nationals in our state and after having taken all the factors relating to the security of foreign nationals into consideration, the district administration consciously decides to stop all movements of foreign nationals in the district, particularly the PVTG areas, for an indefinite period of time,\" the collector's letter read. \"The administration would reassess the security situation and take a call on the issue of regulating the movement of foreign nationals and tourists in the district either way. Till that time no permission will be issued to foreign nationals and tourists to visit any part of the district,\" it added.Last week, Rayagada district administration had imposed similar restrictions on the entry of foreign tourists into the tribal-dominated district.Expressing the administration's helplessness in imposing the restrictions, the collector said, \"We sincerely regret the inconvenience caused to anyone by this decision and assure to take a prudent decision as early as possible in this matter, so that tourists can continue to explore the rich natural and cultural diversity of this district.\"Officials said that no untoward incident pertaining to foreign nationals and tourists has been reported in the district so far, but the restrictions has been imposed to avoid any unsavoury situation after the abduction of the foreign nationals.The state government had recently issued a revised guideline listing out dos and don'ts for foreign tourists, especially while visiting areas inhabited by particularly vulnerable tribal groups (PVTGs) in the backdrop of the human safari controversy surrounding primitive tribals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511415", "title": "Laggards Bihar, Jharkhand steal development march", "text": "NEW DELHI: Laggards like Bihar and Jharkhand are continuing their march on the government's development agenda, spending up to 20% of their Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) even as some of the front-runner states, which boast of highest revenue generation, are falling behind.The flag-bearer Bihar, for instance, had spent an average 15.5% of its GSDP between 2004 and 2008, and sustained the momentum by spending more than 16% in 2009-10, 18.3% in the next fiscal and 17.4% in 2011-12. Chhattisgarh had budgeted about 20% for its development expenditure in 2011-12. The analysis was part of a study on the fiscal position of states carried out by the Reserve Bank of India.The RBI analysis points out that the development revenue expenditure ( DRE) accounted for 60% of the total revenue expenditure of non-special category (NSC) states during 2009-10. Bihar recorded the highest DRE-GSDP ratio, followed by Chhattisgarh, while Punjab brought out the rear.According to the revised estimates for 2010-11, all NSC states, save Gujarat, posted an increase in development expenditure vis-a-vis GSDP, with Bihar continuing to record the highest ratio. In 2011-12, the DRE-GSDP ratio is budgeted to increase in 10 states.Three states - Chhattisgarh, Goa and Rajasthan - recorded a steady increase in their DRE-GSDP ratios on an annual basis from 2009-10 to 2011-12 (budget estimates). On the other hand, though the DRE-GSDP ratio of consolidated special category states increased in 2009-10 and 2010-11(RE), it is budgeted to dip in 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12512773", "title": "Producers demand to bring pulses under PDS", "text": "INDORE: The producers have demanded pulses to be brought under the ambit of public distribution system (PDS). According to them PDS would ensure the farmers fetch the right procurement price.Currently, pulses are being sold at minimum support price (MSP) across the country. The farmers thus facing the loss, tend to switch their production to other crops in a bid to get better returns. This has led to importing the pulses from other countries due to less production say experts.\"We in India consume pulses to the tune of 21 lakh million tonnes per annum while the production is only 17 million tonnes. To balance the requirement, we import pulses from other countries,\" Sudhakar Tomar, member-convention committee of International Pulses Trade &amp; Industry Confederation (CICILS-IPTIC), told TOI on the announcement of forthcoming annual global pulse convention to be held at Dubai from April 21 to 24.Interestingly, the country had the highest area under pulses cultivation. Consequently, the yield was merely 650 tons per hectare, as compared other countries with more than 1000 tons, said Anurag Tulshan, member executive committee-CICILS IPTIC &amp; India Pulses and Grains Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12513634", "title": "System flawed, says ex-head of hospital", "text": "CHENNAI: The Institute of Metal Health (IMH) in Kilpauk , spread over 45 acres, is supposed to provide suitable space for rehabilitation of the mentally ill, but glaring holes in security and safety allow patients to escape from the facility or engage in extremely violent behaviour within its premises.Encroachments around the compound wall have always been a security threat, IMH officials admitted.The hospital says its faces a severe staff shortage and it is difficult to keep an eye on the patients round the clock as their behaviour is unpredictable . \"Patients are free to move around within the facility and it comes as no surprise that they sometimes escape from the hospital,\" an official said.There are 1,035 patients, both male and female, in the facility .Former IMH director R Sathyanathan told TOI that encroachers have made it easy for patients to escape from the hospital and return. \"A poor support system and methods to rehabilitate the mentally ill have made patients more inclined to want to get out,\" he said.Some of the patients at IMH have been in the facility for several years. \"Even when they are found fit to be discharged, their families often refuse to take them back,\" Sathyanathan said. \"The stigma attached to mental illness is a huge barrier in helping patients get back into the mainstream.\"\"We send letters to the families informing them about the health status of the patients but they fail to show up after repeated appeals reply or even reply to the letters,\" an IMH official said. Though IMH recruited 100 wardens in 2010, they need many more people in supervisory positions and also to take care of the patients' basic needs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12513375", "title": "No roll numbers for 70 students of SGGSC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Just a day before the exams in colleges affiliated with Panjab University, roll numbers of 70 students of Sri Guru Gobind Singh College, Sector 26, were withheld due to attendance shortage on Monday.Stating that these students of B.Com I and II and BA I and II, failed to fulfil the requisite criteria of 75% attendance, the college management barred them from appearing in exams.Students owing allegiance to Chandigarh Students Union (CSU), headed by Mandeep, staged a protest on the college campus while the 10-member advisory committee of the college was taking a decision on the fate of these students.\"There are 200 students who have suffered due to fines and others have been debarred from exams,\" says Mandeep, the students' representative at SGGS College.Dismissing the claim of students that the numbers touched 200, the college officials stated that only those who never attended classes were barred from taking exams.\"We have just charged Re 1 per lecture as fine according to university calendar from those whose attendance shortage was not too much. For these 70 students, roll numbers cannot be issued as they did not attend a single class after admission. They do not even know their college teachers,\" says college principal H S Sohi.He added that despite repeated reminders to students, they did not adhere to college rules. \"We have been inspecting classrooms and warning all students. Yet some of them failed to comply with the instructions,\" added Sohi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12513316", "title": "SP worker killed, 2 hurt in clash", "text": "Tension prevailed at Siya village under Chirgaon police station, 30 kilometres from Jhansi, as villagers pelted stones on police and PAC force deployed as a precautionary measure after a SP worker died and two of his accomplice seriously injured in a firing on Sunday night.Sources said half a dozen policeman including two senior officers were injured in this attack by the villagers. The altercation started a day before when Krishanpal Yadav, the deceased and his associates started pressing some labourers to work in his fields which they denied saying that they were migrants and were brought by Satyanarayan Choubey another resident of same village.This annoyed Krishnapal and he started thrashing the labourers. Seeing this Satyanarayan came to their rescue, which lead to a fight and the latter shot with his licensed gun killing Krishnapal and injuring two more.As a repercussion to this Krishnapal's associates reacted by throwing stones when the body arrived after post-mortem for cremation in the village. Police have booked the culprits under section 147, 148, 149, 302 and 307 and have arrested three persons including Suresh, Anand and Ashutosh. SSP Jhansi, after visiting the sight has ordered the deployment of additional forces. Yet another fact that surfaced is that the deceased was having five criminal cases pending against him including loot and extortion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12512769", "title": "After Puttur, Dakshina Kannada too embraces Sakala", "text": "MANGALORE: With the month-long pilot trial conducted under Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens Act, 2011 aka Sakala yielding encouraging results in chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda's home taluk Puttur in Dakshina Kannada, the district administration on Monday rolled it out in the remaining four taluks to coincide with a statewide roll out.A total of 4,758 out of 5,540 applications received in Puttur were disposed in March, a success of 93%.Deputy commissioner N S Channappa Gowda said that the transport department accounted for 3,750 of the Sakala applications out of which 3,349 were disposed, well within the stipulated time frame.\"The revenue department in Puttur taluk accounted for 622 applications, Puttur town municipality 519 and panchayati raj bodies 189 out of which 511, 453 and 65 applications respectively have been disposed,\" he said, adding that the major aspiration of the act had been met.Reminding the bureaucracy that administration without justice is most dangerous, the DC said officials concerned must apply their mind and dispose the files received by them, more with the intent of doing justice to the applicant rather than escape from the penalty clause mentioned in the act.\"The government has provided necessary infrastructure and personnel needed for implementation of the act, and now, it is for the bureaucracy to respond,\" he said.N Yogish Bhat, deputy speaker in the state assembly, who presided over the function, mooted the idea of issuing a monthly progress report on success achieved in implementing the act. \"There should be quarterly valuation, and annual competition among the departments under the ambit of the act,\" he said, adding that this would spur efficiency. Bhat at the same time advised the bureaucracy to justify file notings and not do so arbitrarily to meet the deadlines.Referring to cases of 'missing files', Bhat suggested that all applications received be scanned to ensure that a hard copy was available at all times.\"It is left to us to evolve best practices that aid the successful implementation of the act,\" he said, adding such practices so evolved in DK should be a model for others in the state to follow.People cam call the Sakala district call centre number on 0824-2441590 or state call centre on 080-44554455.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12512772", "title": "Health department yet to wake up to epidemic realities", "text": "KOCHI: Monsoon season is just a couple of months away. But the district health department is yet to streamline the preventive measures to keep monsoon-related epidemics at bay.Though the initiatives in this regard have started in January itself, they have not reached anywhere, as the officials are busy with other projects, which they have to finish before the end of the financial year - as a delay means that funds would get lapsed.In all local bodies, the priority is given to the completion of various projects rather than taking up preventive measures for the monsoon months.The officials claim that various district-level programmes are being held across Ernakulam to spread awareness about monsoon-related diseases. They have a list of routine procedures to prove that the district is witnessing an active battle against diseases.\"We have held meetings with various departments like the agriculture and the Kerala Water Authority to ensure that there are no hitches in the preventive activities. Since the mosquito density is less now, we are concentrating on source reduction,\" says Dr R Sudhakaran, district medical officer.Under the comprehensive health action plan of the National Rural Health Mission, a host of projects are being implemented in Ernakulam, says Dr Sudhakaran. Since water-borne diseases are the most common problem during monsoon, special attention is given to the supply of safe drinking water. House-to-house visits, chlorination of water and seminars and awareness programmes for anganwadi workers are also being organized.During last monsoon, hepatitis and leptospirosis played havoc in the district, with 18 deaths and hundreds of reported cases. The authorities are focusing on areas like Kothamangalam, which had reported the highest number of cases last year.\"Since the rural areas depend on wells for drinking water, we have set aside every seventh working day as chlorination day. In the coming days there would be inspection of restaurants and hotels to prevent hepatitis and water-borne diseases,\" says P N Sreenivasan, district health officer.Local bodies have been allotted funds by the government to make monsoon a disease-free period, and each ward will spend Rs 2-3 lakh for these activities. But will these be enough to keep fever and other monsoon-related diseases under control remains to be seen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12512503", "title": "Faculty crunch dogs Patna University", "text": "PATNA: Almost six years back, chief minister Nitish Kumar had announced in the presence of the then President, A P J Abdul Kalam , that Patna University (PU) would be brought at par with central universities, even if it was not taken over by the Centre. However, not a single brick has literally been added to this seventh oldest university so far. Rather, things have gone from bad to worse during the period.PU, which was once known in the country for its academic excellence, does not have teachers to engage classes. It may be difficult to believe but is true that a single teacher of history in B N College, a constituent unit of PU, teaches more than 500 honours and subsidiary students. Incidentally, the teacher happens to be the principal of the college.College principal P K Poddar said that at least three departments, including history, of the college were run by one teacher each. Only 53 teachers are working in the college against 131 sanctioned posts, he said.The situation is even worse in Magadh Mahila College. As many as six departments have only one teacher each to teach hundreds of girls. These one-man departments include Urdu, Sanskrit, Persian, Maithili, philosophy and mathematics. College principal Dolly Sinha said that even in a subject like physics there were only three teachers, including herself. Only 46 teachers are working in the college against 102 sanctioned posts, she added.In Patna College, departments of Arabic, Sanskrit, Urdu, history, mathematics, psychology and statistics have one teacher each. Similarly, the number of one-man departments in Patna Women's College is seven - Sanskrit, philosophy, history, mathematics, physics, chemistry and botany.Even as all the colleges and postgraduate departments of PU are clamouring for teachers, the state government is not allowing the university to fill up the vacant posts on the plea of rationalization of posts. And, the process of rationalization has not been finalized in the last six years.In July last year, even the Patna high court had directed the chancellor and the state government to complete the process of rationalization and fill up all the vacant posts within the next three months. But nothing has been done in this regard so far.Education minister P K Shahi recently announced in the state assembly that decks had been cleared for the rationalization of posts in all the universities and colleges in the state. But academics have serious doubts over this announcement as the government is not all serious about filling up the vacant posts, said Federation of University Teachers' Association of Bihar working president K B Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12512377", "title": "Govt to moot trauma centre at NMCH", "text": "PATNA: The state government would consider setting up a trauma centre at Nalanda Medical College and Hospital (NMCH), health minister Ashwini Kumar Chowbey said on the sidelines of the 43rd foundation day of the NMCH on Monday.Chowbey said funds had been sanctioned and work would start soon for construction of a state-of-the art auditorium and girls' hostel on the campus. He assured all help to the Nalanda Medical College in strengthening its infrastructure. He asked doctors to commit themselves to the service of patients and \"treat them like gods\". Principal secretary of health department, Amarjeet Sinha, said the government would soon appoint assistant professors and senior residents to meet the staff shortage in the medical college. tnnHe assured the doctors that promotions would be made on merit-cum-choice basis and in a transparent manner.Noted doctor D K Choudhary delivered Dr V N Singh memorial lecture on 'Congenital diaphragmatic hernia' and Padma Shri Dr Gopal Prasad Sinha delivered Dr Madhusudan Singh memorial lecture on 'Intra-cerebral haemorrhage.'Chowbey also awarded the toppers of the college with gold medals and released the college magazine, 'Gyandeep', on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12511481", "title": "Advantage Jagan as Congress, Telugu Desam Party hit by internal strife", "text": "GUNTUR: Notwithstanding the humiliating defeats in the recent bypolls, both the ruling Congress and main opposition Telugu Desam Party seem to have learned no lessons. There is an open fight for tickets among leaders in the two parties while the leadership is in no position to bring about a conciliation.Except Parkal in Warangal district, all the remaining 17 constituencies are in the Seemandhra region and the results of the upcoming byelections are expected to be a pointer to the likely winner of the next general elections. While the feud between chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana has rendered the Congress campaign directionless, TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu too appears to be unable to make up his mind over the choice of candidates.In the meantime, YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy is silently campaigning in the assembly segments where the bypolls are due, and appears to be stealing a march over the two main parties caught in their internal strife.For example, Naidu convened a meeting of senior leaders from Guntur district to finalise the candidate for Macherla last week and held a day-long negotiations with the warring groups. With all the three groupsrefusing to bury the hatchet, Naidu was forced to postpone the selection. In fact, there has been no constituency in-charge for Macherla for almost eight years ever since J Bramha Reddy's mother Durgamba lost 2004 assembly elections.\"We all knew that all these segments (17 or 18) would go to bypolls soon. But he started negotiations only after the speaker announced a final decision wasting almost three years of precious time,\" rued a district party leader. \"Of the 18 segments that are going to polls, we had finalised candidates only in three to four segments and are still to declare the candidates for the other seats,\" confirmed another leader.Situation in the Congress also is the same. In spite of having four cabinet ministers from Guntur, they could not zero in on one candidate for the two assembly segments - Prattipadu and Macherla. In addition to the selection of 18 candidates for the assembly bypolls, the TDP and Congress have to identify a strong candidate to face the Lok Sabha bypoll from Nellore against YSR Congress nominee Mekapati Rajamohan Reddy. According to sources, in many constituencies, the Congress and TDP leaders are thinking twice to contest the bypolls as they would have to spend at least Rs.10 crore just for a two-year term, which too is not guaranteed in the given political scenario.\"Congress and TDP leaders are thinking twice to contest the bypolls as they would have to spend at least Rs.10 crore just for a two-year term\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12513713", "title": "Manekshaw\u2019s Ooty connection goes back six decades", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: VIPs will descendon Ooty on Tuesdayto mark Field Marshal Sam Manekshaw's 98th birth anniversary , but the distinguished army man's association with the Nilgiris dates back to the late 1950 s when he was commandant of the Defence Services Staff College at Wellington , about 18 km from Ooty.A few years before his death , Sam Manekshaw told TOI that he had bought the property in Coonoor for Rs18 ,500in 1962 . \"It was a quick decision as the view from the spot was breathtaking ,\" he said . He was then a corps commander in the North-E ast Frontier Agency . The bungalow was built in 1973 after his retirement . He named it 'Stavka' , after an elite corps in Russian military .While he was at DSSC , his wife Silloo Bode ran a clinic for the elderly . The couple was regular at the Ooty race course . Silloo died in 2001 after a brief illness . Manekshaw , who saw action in World War II, became Army Chief in 1969 . He led India to victory in the 1971 India-P akistan War, which led to the liberation of Bangladesh . Siloo Mehta , a friend of the Manekshaws,recalled that Sam was very fond of dogs . The only time he saw the general get angry was when theservantsoldthe milk meant to feed the dogs .General Manekshaw is survived by his daughters , Maja Daruwala and Sherry Batliwala , who take care of his house in Coonoor . While Daruwala is a human rights activist working for the Commonwealth , Batliwala lives in Chennai . Batliwala said that their family was honoured that defence minister A K Antony and army chief General V K Singh will be present on the occasion of her father's 98th birth anniversary . The function will be held at the Parsee Zoroastrian Cemetery in Ooty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12512335", "title": "Centre, state tussle spoils appointment of Bengal's new commerce secretary", "text": "KOLKATA: A tussle between the state and the Centre over an IAS official has created a precedence in Bengal. More importantly, it has hit the Mamata Banerjee administration in a confusing manner.As per the chief minister's plans, Atri Bhattacharya, a 1989-batch IAS officer , was supposed to take over as the next secretary in the commerce, industries and IT departments, sources at the Writers' Buildings said. Bhattacharya, who is currently holding three positions in the jute sector, was due to be released on March 31 and could have joined on Monday. But throwing the Bengal government's plans out of gear, the officer on central deputation has just been given a suo motu order of extension till April 30 by the department of personnel and training (DoPT) under the Union ministry, a portfolio that directly comes under Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .Consequently, Basudeb Banerjee, who was named the next home secretary via an order on Saturday, will be holding the secretaryship of six departments - commerce and industries, IT, home, Hills affairs, jails and parliamentary affairs. The current home secretary, G D Gautama, is due to be sworn in as an information commissioner soon, as governor M K Narayanan has approved his appointment.But the swearing-in has been put on hold. As for Banerjee, though the order making him the next home secretary has been issued, the date for his transfer is uncertain. Even if both take over their new positions, Bengal, for the first time, will get a home secretary who will double up as secretary of several crucial departments, including home, commerce and industries and IT.Clearly, the confusion is a result has evolved becauseof the last-minute order retaining Bhattacharya in his current charges. He is the jute commissioner, chairman-cum-managing director (CMD) of National Jute Manufacturers Corporation (NJMC) and secretary, National Jute Board, Kolkata.All three posts are related to jute and crucial for the sector. The ministry of textiles has been looking for a replacement of Bhattacharya ever since his tenure ended in October, 2011. He got his first extension - from the ministry -till December, last year. And thanks to another extension till March 31, he had to stay back.The state government, knowing about Bhattacharya's tenure ending on March 31, had been making plans accordingly. But the DoPT, shooting off an order without consulting the ministry of textiles, has caught the Mamata Banerjee-government off guard. Most importantly, the order has been passed by none other than a ministry looked after by the prime minister himself.Sources at the Writers' revealed that the chief minister is peeved at the sudden development and has decided to write to the prime minister.Ironically, the order can't be revoked just like that. It needs to pass through the cabinet secretary, after being passed by the DoPT, which might have decided to hold Bhattacharya back as no suitable replacement has been found. This means that the state administration might continue to remain in a state of flux at least till April 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12513113", "title": "Murdered boy's parents want justice", "text": "PUNE: \"My son was innocent and friendly with everybody. The suspects tortured him before strangulating him to death, that too for no reason. We demand stringent punishment for the suspects. We want justice,\" said a distraught Sunita Shirke, mother of 15-year-old Shubham Shirke, who was abducted and killed by his former classmate and two others on Saturday.Sunita also demanded that there should not be any political interference in the investigation. \"We want special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam to conduct the trial of our son's case,\" she said.She said that all parents should be more cautious about their children. \"We do not want any other Shubham to lose his life in such a manner,\" she added. Addressing a news conference at her residence in Dighi on Monday afternoon, Sunita was not able to control her emotions and was inconsolable. Shubham's father Mahadev was also present.Sunita said that it was a cold-blooded murder of a minor by minors. \"Though two of the suspects are minors, the act done by them was heinous. They should be given a stringent punishment. If the law is not in favour of giving stringent punishment for minors, then there is an urgent need to lower the age limit for juvenile delinquency,\" she said.Sunita said that Shubham wanted to become a software engineer. \"He was familiar with computer software. The suspects took advantage of that and abducted him and brutally killed him,\" she said.Their act was like that of any hard-core criminal, she said. \"When we met one of them to give the ransom money on Saturday night , I told him that I was just like his mother and we wanted our son back. I asked him not to harm Shubham and that we would forget that we had given them money to release our son,\" Sunita said. \"He told me not to worry and that I would get back my son soon.\"She said she realised now that they had already killed Shubham by then. \"They came to collect money and were talking with me as if nothing had happened.\"Praising the Vishrantwadi police for their quick response, Sunita said, \"Because of the Vishrantwadi police I was at least able to see my son's body intact. Senior police inspector Motichand Rathod, police sub-inspector Sachin Kale and the police team took a lot of efforts to save my son,\" she said.She said that after her husband got the ransom call from the abductor, he contacted the police control room. The control room immediately asked him to contact the Vishrantwadi police station. \"But later we dropped the idea to contact the police as we wanted our son alive,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511626", "title": "Raisin, currant levy may be rolled back", "text": "MUMBAI: After partially rolling back the proposed tax on LPG for domestic consumption last week, finance minister Ajit Pawar has hinted at further concessions on other levies proposed in budget.The state on Monday announced holding back the proposed 5% levy on raisins and currants until further discussions are held in the next cabinet meeting. The levy was to come into effect from this month.Pawar told the assembly that the state was also deliberating providing relief on a proposed purchase tax on cotton and oil seeds. But no announcement was made till late evening. \"I have taken into account the sentiments of some members of the assembly and council, who requested me to look into the possibility of a rollback.The proposed tax on raisin and currants is held back for now,\" We'll discuss it in the cabinet soon,\" Pawar said in assembly.The government had announced a uniform 5% tax on dry fruit from April 1. The uniform rate was announced as raisins and currants were declared exempted from tax up to May 3. The rate of tax on cashew nuts was 12.5%. Since differential rates were inconvenient to trade, the government went for a single rate. Purchase tax was proposed on purchases of cotton and oil seeds from unregistered persons. The rate of tax was decided to be same as that on sale.Earlier last week, Pawar announced a 2% cut in the proposed 5% levy announced on the domestic LPG. The proposed tax had invited criticism form all political parties, including Pawar's own NCP, as it would have made cylinders dearer by at least Rs 20. In his reply to the budget debate, Pawar had explained that a 5% levy on LPG was being imposed in most major states of the country, including Madhya Pradesh, Punjab, Andhra Pradesh and Jharkhand. It was exempted in Maharashtra in 2008 and the concession continued until last year. He argued that a full rollback would not be fair on the poorest of poor as most of them use kerosene and pay a 3% tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12513688", "title": "Temple panel chief deposes in court over restoration row", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When the matter of whitewashing of frescos at the Mata Mansa Devi temple came up for hearing before the high court, chief executive officer (CEO) of shrine board D P Dattana said, \"The leaves and flowers on the outside parikarma of the temple were restored to their original glory. No floral pattern was made on hypothetical grounds.\"He added that restoration work is being executed by Kriti Sapandan, under the supervision and control of an committee, comprising experts like Rashmi Ghosh. And the restoration is being checked periodically by experts from state's department of archaeology and archives.\"Work or restoration was allotted after clearance from different expert agencies, and no frescos or wall painting has been destroyed by the board,\" he submitted.Apparently convinced with the reply filed by SMMDBD, division bench headed by Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi vacated the stay, paving the way for restoration work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511279", "title": "Bombay Flying club moves court against AAI order", "text": "MUMBAI: The 70-year-old Bombay Flying Club is having its wings clipped by the Airports Authority of India and it is seeking judicial intervention to ensure there is no cessation of members flying their Cessnas. The Flying Club at Juhu airport, which pays a yearly rent of Re 1, filed a petition before the Bombay high court on Monday. It has challenged letters issued to it by AAI on March 28 and March 30 stopping entry of club members, directors and students onto the flying club's premises and the also the operations of the club.The AAI issued the letters on the grounds that the club has outstanding dues of. But the Club's law firm Naik, Naik and Co has called the AAI action arbitrary and mala fide.\" Set up in 1931 it is the only flying club in Mumbai and the first flying club in India. It also runs an institute of civil aviation that offers a degree in B.Sc. (Aviation) and has over 400 students at present who have an examination scheduled for April 10, 2012.The AAI action is \"sudden\"and without following the due process of law, the Club, which says it is not-for-profit, said and its petition will be heard later this week. It has sought urgent intervention as otherwise it would affect students too said the club.It was on august 17, 1931 that the Juhu Flying Club was granted a licence to construct a hanger and garages at demarcated premises in the aerodrome and certain facilities for its flying club and allied activities and is viewed as a pioneer in its field with peioneers like JRD Tata as its early members.The club said that from 1998 the AAI arbitrarily stopped accepting the lease rentals or license fees from it. In 2001 the club wrote to AAi for renewing its licence, till 2007 there was no further action it said. However, there was no demand being made on the club and their activities at the premises continued. Then the club also started its instituted which it says is \"duly recognized by Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), the State of Maharashtra and the University of Mumbai.\"But from 2007 the club and the AAI have been on a collision course over the rental and licence agreement and the AAI it alleged has been raising \"exorbitant demands for hangar and other rents\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "aluva", "code": "12512712", "title": "Malayattoor ready for way of the cross", "text": "ALUVA: The Malayattoor hill shrine is set to welcome pilgrims from across the state and nearby states on the first Sunday after Easter to perform the way of the cross, a re-enactment of the passion of Christ along with the feast of St Thomas.At a high-level meeting held at Aluva palace on Monday, the authorities discussed the steps to be taken for the smooth conduct of the event.Jose Thettayil MLA, district collector Sheik Pareeth, rural SP K P Philip and officials from various departments attended the meeting. The police department will deploy 650 personnel to strengthen security. \"We will deploy 650 personnel, including a DySP, eight circle inspectors, 80 sub-inspectors and ASIs, along with 550 civil police officers and women civil police officers. Last year we deployed 450 security personnel,\" said K P Philip, rural S P.The department has installed 70 CCTV cameras in the area. \"The cameras have been installed to avert any untoward incident and we will set up two control rooms, one at the starting point and another at the finishing point on the way to Kurishumudi,\" he said.KSEB performed a mock drill at the venue in the backdrop of a mishap that occurred last year which led to a boy's death. Two fire force units from Ernakulam division will also be put in service. Church authorities expect over one crore pilgrims this year. The church is historically important as St Thomas, a disciple of Christ, is believed to have visited the area and built a church in 52 AD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12513078", "title": "Rajasthan High Court notice to IG, SP on murder case", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court has called for an explanation from the inspector general of police, Bharatpur range, and superintendent of police, Karauli, for faulty investigation into the murder of one stone crusher and mining buisnessman of Karauli region.Justice Ajay Rastogi took note of a writ petition filed by one Ishwar bai, widow of deceased Deen Dayal Meena wherein it was alleged that the police under undue pressure of the local business circle of Karauli is trying to convert murder into a suicide case.\"The postmortem report says that the injuries on the body of deceased were caused by sharp edged weapons which is sufficient to hold that he has been attacked and that the deceased businessman has not committed suicide,\" said counsel for petitioner, Raj Kumar Gupta.It was argued before Justice Rastogi that the widow of deceased has already approached trial court as also high court under Section 482 of Cr PC requesting fair investigation in the matter but still the police is trying to shield the offenders who are having high connections.Taking a note of the fact that the element of business rivalry of the deceased in the locality as also the postmortem report which speaks against prosecution theory of suicide, the court asked the IG, Bharatpur range, and SP Karauli to file their response within a period of four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "alwar/jaipur", "code": "12512944", "title": "Foresters beaten up by villagers in Sariska", "text": "ALWAR/JAIPUR: The Sariska Tiger Reserve continued to be at the receiving end of villagers agitation for the fifth day on Monday. While the gate to the reserve and resorts near it remained shut for visitors, at least four foresters were beaten by a mob of these villagers near Nangalheri under the Talvriksh range.This despite the fact that a majority of the people, protesting under the banner of the Bharatia Kisan Union, had shifted their focus to the collectorate in Alwar. Nearly 200 persons on Monday gathered near Roopbas, and after a meeting, took out a procession to the collectorate in Alwar. The gathering included a number of villagers from the periphery of the forests. They were demanding rights for registration of villagers' land and a repair of the state highway passing through the reserve.The protestors later met Alwar collector Ashutosh A.T. However, with the collector unable to meet their demands, some of the protestors decided to stay at the collectorate for the night while the remaining ones continued with their protest at the reserve.Their demands are something that has to be addressed by the Centre. The Section 20 of the Wildlife Protection Act 1972 prevents registration of land within forest areas and there are guidelines set by the Supreme Court that has to be complied with before the road can be repaired,\" said the collector.As per the orders of the Supreme Court on state highway number 13, between Bhartrahari and Thanagazi, plying of commercial vehicles is to be stopped totally and other vehicles can ply only from sunset to sunrise. Along with this, plying of all vehicles has to be stopped on state highway number 29A between Sariska and Tehla via Kalighati before any repair on the above road sections.However, the forest authorites tried to execute this order for commercial vehicles in 2009 but could not succeed due to opposition by locals. Since then the traffic has been going on unrestricted and the roads have worn out.\"None of the issues that the villagers are demanding is in our hands. For registration of land, the law has to be changed. And so it is useless that the villagers protest in this manner and block the gates to the reserve inconveniencing tourists to it. Most unreasonable is the fact that four of my people were beaten up. We are lodging an FIR in this regard,\" said RS Shekhawat, field director, Sariska.But be that as it may, Bhupat Baliya, who is leading the agitation, warned, \"If our demands are not met we will soon bring in supporters of the union from Uttar Pradesh and intensify our stir.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12512527", "title": "House passes amendments to Lokayukta &amp; survey Acts", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar assembly on Monday passed by voice vote a few minor amendments to the Bihar Lokayukta Act, 2011, and the Bihar Special Survey and Settlement Act, 2011, for which two Bills were moved by parliamentary affairs minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav and revenue and land reforms minister Ramai Ram respectively.Moving the amendment to the Bihar Lokayukta Act, Yadav said that in the Act a word 'parivad' (complaint) has been used which means a claim by any person that injustice was done to him or he got hurt due to 'kuprashasan' (bad administration). But, the phrase 'kuprashasan' has not been explained in the Act. If the complaint of anybody about bad governance is found true, the minister said that there is no provision of action. \"The purpose of moving the amendment is to clarify the phrase 'kuprashasan' and inserting provision for action when the complaint is found true,\" he said.Rejecting the points raised by leader of Opposition Abdul Bari Siddiqui, the minister said that the purpose was to bring more clarity in the Act. Siddiqui said that many Bills are passed by the legislature, but they are not implemented. \"No search committee has been formed as yet for the selection of chief Lokayukta and members of the institution as provided in the Act,\" he said.Bringing the Bihar Special Survey and Settlement (Amendment) Bill, 2012, Ram said that the amendment aimed to make district settlement officer the authority to sign the final publication of documents related to revenue village following fresh survey of land. The Bill has further provided that the approved list of surveyors, land records and land measurement documents will also be provided to district settlement officers apart from the DMs.Siddiqui said that the state lacked the strength of officials and in several instances one officer is burdened with many works which ultimately affects the administration.The minister replied that only the personnel designated as settlement officers will look after the land survey and settlement work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12512559", "title": "Now, vehicle thieves target motorbikes", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala is one of the favourite destinations of vehicle thieves. And two-wheelers are their favourite target.The number of cases of stolen vehicles came down to 672 in 2011 from 965 in 2010. Motorcycles, however, remain a hot target. According to police data, 559 motorbikes were stolen in the state in 2011; but only 56 autorickshaws, 46 cars and 11 lorries were reported stolen.\"It is quite easy to steal a motorcycle compared to a scooter. Majority of motorbikes are stolen from public places. There are experts who can break open the handle and ignition locks of motorcycles of any make in five minutes,\" said a senior police official.March 2011 registered a unique vehicle theft in the state: a JCB valued over Rs 20 lakh was stolen from a place in Chegannur. Similarly, a luxury bus was reported stolen from Cherthala in November the same year.\"These are rare cases. Theft of large vehicles can easily be detected. Motorcycles remain the vehicle of choice for thieves because it is easy to dismantle them and sell the parts in the huge second-hand markets in Chennai and Coimbatore,\" police officials said.The number of abandoned vehicles has also been increasing. Last year, 28 vehicles were found abandoned in various parts of the state. Of these, 21 were motorcycles; there were also six cars and an autorickshaw.\"We have strengthened vigilance on state borders to prevent thieves from smuggling out stolen vehicles. May be this is forcing thieves to abandon stolen vehicles,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511259", "title": "BMC to put in more checks for contractors", "text": "MUMBAI: Taking cognizance of the BMC chief accountant's (finance) internal note highlighting the nexus between corporators and civil works contractors, the civic body has decided to come up with a new set of vigilance measures in the next one month.The municipal commissioner has given the nod to float fresh tenders to appoint a new set of contractors, against the wish of the present set of contractors. The fresh vigilance measures, accessed by TOI, will be incorporated in the work order which will be issued to civil contractors who will carry out ward-level petty civic work.TOI has learnt that the assistant municipal commissioners (AMCs) and the deputy municipal commissioners (DMCs) of all zones will monitor the petty civil work.\"We cannot appoint individual agencies for small works. The contractors will have to carry out the petty work within the new vigilance framework. Essential services will be catered by petty civic contractors. This would include planned as well as unforeseen works,\" said Manisha Mhaiskar, additional municipal commissioner.The additional municipal commissioner, in consultation with the chief vigilance officer, will come up with a \"new regime of vigilance measures\" in the next four weeks. \"The new set of vigilance measures will address the issues highlighted in the note. The vigilance measures will be ready by the time the work order is issued,\" said Mhaiskar.TOI has got access to some of the measures that are likely to be incorporated in the work order. Till date, in the name of emergency work, contractors would carry out all sorts of work at the ward level. To put an end to this, each department like hydraulics, storm water drain, roads etc will come up with a set of \"identifiable works\" which will act as a guideline for the contractors. \"The contractors should stick to the list of identifiable works. Previously, they would end up doing all sorts of work. This way, the civic body will also save some money,\" said a senior BMC official.The civic administration is also likely to press for bills to be submitted within 15 days of completion of work rather than filing it at the end of the fiscal year. Rather than depending on contractors for all works, the BMC will first insist on utilizing ward resources before handing over the work to the contractors. \"We should utilize our resources before giving the work to the contractors. They just end up giving inflated bills,\" added the senior civic official.THE ISSUE: The note mentioned that corporators abetted malpractices carried out by contractors for ward level civil works. Asked for a policy decision to discontinue issuing civil works contracts for minor works at the ward level for the next two years, citing that large scale corruption was taking place.RECOMMENDATIONS:Bills are to be submitted within 15 days of completion of workContractors will only carry out \"identified works\" drawn up by each departmentAMC and DMC will monitor the workRoad work should not be handled by the civil work contractors", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12513530", "title": "Naxals kill 2 accusing them of being police informers", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Unidentified Naxalites killed two persons from Joganguda village in Aheri tehsil of Gadchiroli on Monday on suspicion of being police informers. Deceased have been identified as deputy sarpanch Bapu Yenka (60) and Arjana Talandi (55).As per reports, Yeka and Talandi was member of Tanta Mukti committee of the village and worked in coordination with the cops to settle the disputes of villagers. Naxals had reportedly warned them to refrain being close to the cops.Three days back Naxals had taken Yenka to the jungles with them. They then brought him back to village and summoned Talandi to the village square.Both of them were accused of being police informers and were killed before the villagers. SDPO Suhas Bauche ratified the incident but did not give any more details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12510889", "title": "Zardari trip may give push to new visa regime", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Pakistan are trying to take advantage of a visit by Pakistani President Asif Zardari to India on Sunday to liberalize a bilateral visa regime.The two countries have already agreed in principle to liberalize business visas, a decision taken after the commerce secretaries' meeting last year. That agreement may be given concrete shape, though, officials said that given the short time, it was not clear whether the pact would be signed during Zardari's visit or soon after. Pakistani president's visit might even give a fillip to an overdue meeting between home secretaries, since talks have been postponed a couple of times.Zardari's visit will not only give a higher profile to the interaction, which have been steadily on the increase, but New Delhi will also lay out the red carpet for the Pakistani president. Even though its not strictly an official or state visit, Zardari will be accorded all the trappings of a state visit. He will be received by a minister in Delhi, and will have a minister accompanying him during his trip to Ajmer.The government received a formal request by the Pakistan government on March 28 for a visit by Zardari to Ajmer, though informal feelers had been sent a week before. It was instantly agreed to by the Manmohan Singh government that has pushed for better ties with Pakistan. The visit will also give the government an opportunity to show its support for the Pakistan's civilian dispensation that has hit stormy weather recently, thanks to recurrent battles with the country's powerful army and the newly-empowered judiciary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12512064", "title": "Farmers protest land acquisition", "text": "NASHIK: Led by Shetkari Sangharsha Samiti and Kisan Sabha, the villagers of Jogaltembhi, Naygaon, Jakhori and others in Sinnar tehsil - to be affected by the proposed railway track from Eklahara to Indiabulls in Sinnar - staged a sit-in agitation on Monday at the revenue commissionerate, demanding exclusion from the project.\"The demands are very simple: the collector, Nashik, sub-divisional officer, Niphad and tehsildar, Sinnar be transferred immediately for showing unwarranted interest in the land acquisition procedures of the project,\" the samiti said.The other demands were that the proposed railway project at Sinnar, the special economic zone (SEZ) proposed at Dindori be cancelled. The farmers also asked for a thorough enquiry into the assets of Mangalsingh Suryawanshi, a Sinnar police inspector who was suspended last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12513660", "title": "Civic body collects record property tax", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has created a record in the recovery of current demand of property tax. It also made a new record by collecting four times the vehicle tax collected a year before. In revenue collection against the target and demand of Rs 1,180 crore, SMC managed to collect Rs 1,223 crore by March 31, 2012.It was expected this year the SMC would earn more because of revision in the property tax rates and re-assement of more than 30 per cent of properties.\"If we look at the overall picture, we had issued the demand for Rs 394.03 crore including arrears of Rs 101.64 crore. We were able to collect Rs 44.77 crore of arrears and from the current demand of Rs 292.34 crore, we collected Rs 278.64 crore in property tax,\" said Sharad Mehta, deputy commissioner, finance, SMC.Effectively, in arrears only 44.03 per cent recovery was possible but in current the recovery percentage of 95.32 is highest in the last three years.Athwa zone of the city topped the list with 101.67 per cent recovery. Against the demand of Rs 42.59 crore , the zone gave a recovery of Rs 43.20 crore.In Varachha zone against the demand of Rs 59.76 crore , recovery was 92.10 per cent at 55.03 crore. Due to large amount of arrear, central zone and Udhna zone lagged behind in recovery with only 63.50 and 80.58 per cent, respectively .In professional tax against the recovery of Rs 47.50 crore, in 2010-11 SMC recovered Rs 65.17 crore by March 31, 2012 which is Rs 17.50 crore more. SMC plans to set a target of Rs 100 crore for next year.Similarly, in the field of one-time vehicle tax against the collection of Rs 8 crore in 2010-11, the SMC collected Rs 32.10 crore by March 2012, which is more than 300 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12512593", "title": "Retailers make most of ban, sell gutkha on the sly", "text": "BHOPAL: Addiction costs more and those who consume tobacco-mixed gutkha are learning it the hard way. Gutkha buyers were found buying the substance at more than double the price from retailers as the ban on tobacco-mixed gutkha entered its second day in the city on Monday.Taking advantage of a short supply in the market following the state government ban on the sale of tobacco-mixed gutkha small-time shopkeepers were found selling pouches at exorbitant prices stealthy manner. \"Earlier I paid Rs 5 for three sachets, I get just one for the same price,\" said a bus conductor, chewing his preferred brand of the banned gutkha.\"A small sachet of gutkha, which costs between Rs 1 to Rs 2 in the market earlierm are being sold for Rs 2 to Rs 7, depending on the brand,\" said a shopkeeper at Hamidia road.Cautious about raid by Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspectors, shopkeepers are stocking the banned product in nearby shops to avoid action in case of a raid.In larger markets like New Market and Bittan market the ban was more effective. In order to curb the distribution, FDA inspectors raided five godown in old Bhopal , including Jumerati, Shahjehanabad and Janakpuri area.In the raids conducted throughout the day in the city, a large number of paan kiosks were checked for the banned product throughout the day. \"We even disguised as customers in some cases enquiring for the banned product,\" said FDA inspector BS Dhakkar.The FDA has yet to impose the stipulated penalty of up to Rs 25,000 on anyone selling tobacco-mixed gutkha in the state.\"But we don't have stocks. The wholesaler asks us to lift the stock with prices he quotes and we have to sell accordingly,\" the shop-owner said.The wholesalers here withheld stocks of gutka into the market after ban was announced. When there was a demand-supply mismatch, they released the stock jacking up the price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12512682", "title": "Special Economic Zone proposal gets Central government push", "text": "DHARWAD: The Central government is all set to issue notification declaring the 12.15 hectares of area near Gamanagatti between Hubli and Dharwad as special economic zone (SEZ) for IT and IT enabled Services (ITeS). Union minister for commerce and industry Anand Sharma has informed Dharwad MP Prahlad Joshi that the Centre was actively considering the proposal sent by the state government and the notification would be issued soon.The proposal is pending with the central government since last two years. The Board of Approval (SEZ) of the Ministry of Commerce in its 46th meeting held at New Delhi on May 31, 2011 has given its approval for setting up the Special Economic Zone at Gamanagatti. However the proposal has not been cleared by the Ministry of Commerce and Industry as it is awaiting clearance from Home Ministry.MP Prahlad Joshi had pleaded with the Union government to clear the proposal without subjecting it to scrutiny and approval by the Home Ministry as the Karnataka government was developing the IT SEZ through Karnataka Industrial Area Development Board (KIADB).Joshi told TOI on Monday that the minister had agreed to expedite the matter. Once the area is declared IT and ITeS SEZ, it would attract good investment during the Global Investors' Meet (GIM) scheduled to be held in June this year, Joshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511689", "title": "Parking row: Man battered to death", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 45-year-old autorickshaw driver was beaten to death over parking in Geeta Colony on Sunday. The accused, a father-son duo, mercilessly thrashed him with baseball bats after he had parked his vehicle outside their house. The nephew of the deceased was also injured in the incident. But the accused are still to be arrested, police said.Radheshyam had started driving auto only three months ago. The incident occurred around 10.30 pm on. Cops said Radheshyam had gone to park his auto in front of his sister's house, which was on the ground floor. Accused Harjeet Singh and Manjeet Singh lived on the first floor. They objected to Radheshyam parking his vehicle and asked him to go elsewhere. A tiff ensued and it soon turned violent.\"We have registered a case of culpable homicide not amounting to murder under Section 304 of IPC against the duo. They and their family members are absconding but we will arrest them soon,\" said a senior police officer.Radheshyam's wife, Kavita Rani and his nephew, Ravi, were with him during the scuffle. \"My uncle called me for help as the accused were getting very aggressive but when I reached there, they charged at us with baseball bats and sticks. The called other people for help too. My uncle sustained injuries on the head and chest,\" said Ravi. The victim was rushed to the hospital where he later succumbed to his injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12513510", "title": "Sule\u2019s \u2018Jagar\u2019 campaign in city on Thursday", "text": "NAGPUR: The decreasing number of girls in state and the skewed sex ratio have pushed many politicians into action to save the girl child. NCP MP Supriya Sule has also started a campaign to spread the word against female foeticide with tours across the state. She will be in the city on Thursday to address youngsters and participate in a rally for the cause.Mumbai-based Yashvantrao Chavan Pratishthan organized an event called 'Jagar', including a rally and interactive lectures by the NCP leader. The rally will start at 7.30am from Children's Traffic Park and reach Vasantrao Deshpande Hall.Sule would conduct interactive sessions with an audience comprising mainly of young girls, discouraging them from sex selection of a foetus. The rally would see famous faces like senior social worker Lalita Chitale, first woman mayor of Nagpur Kundatai Vijaykar, minister Anil Deshmukh, ex-MLA Ramesh Bang, ex- MLC Girish Gandhi and coordinator of Navmaharashtra Yuva Abhiyan Datta Balsaraf.\"We had organized a four-day long programme at Pune, where Sule stayed and interacted with the girls. At Nagpur, she will visit Amravati, Chandrapur and Nashik,\" said city corporator Pragati Patil, who is a member of state coordination committee for Yashasvini Abhiyan.\"This is a problem of a broad spectrum and we want to focus on youth. We want participation from both boys and girls in the 18-25 age group,\" said Varsha Shyamkule, state general secretary of the NCP youth wing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12512752", "title": "Man arrested for raping minor girl", "text": "KANPUR: A man was arrested on charges of kidnapping and raping a six years old girl on Monday. The victim, a resident of Barra-8, was abducted from her house by the accused identified as Krishna Kumar on Sunday evening. The girl was spotted lying in a pool of blood in a car parked by the roadside by the villagers of Adauri village in Sikandara in Ramabai Nagar district on Monday evening.The girl was crying and her clothes were torn. Krishna Kumar was also in the car. The villagers caught Krishna, who was in an inebriated state and thrashed him. They handed him over to the Sikandara police. A medical examination confirmed that the girl was raped. The victim she is currently under observation at the Hospital.\"We have registered a kidnapping and rape case,\" SO Sikandara Sanjay Gupta said. tnn The accused is pursuing LLB from a college in Nawabganj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12512533", "title": "'Political system stands vitiated'", "text": "PATNA: Eminent constitutional expert Subhash Kashyap on Monday said the political system in the country had been vitiated due to criminalization of politics, casteism and use of black money. To correct this, electoral reforms with change in election procedures have become imperative.Delivering Bihar Vidhan Parishad centenary lecture on \"Indian Constitution: Election Procedure and Political Parties\" at the Vidhan Parishad annexe, Kashyap said the country is passing through a critical phase posing threat to democracy, which has to be saved with massive parliamentary, administrative and judicial reforms. The Indian Constitution does not provide for change in election procedure, but its Article 328 gives power to the Lok Sabha and the Vidhan Sabhas to frame rules related to elections procedure without altering the provisions of Representation of People's Act. The lecture was presided by Vidhan Parishad chairman Tarakant Jha.Pointing out anomalies, Kashyap said 78% members in the Lok Sabha got elected without getting a majority of the votes polled. There are members who got only 7% to 12% votes of the total electorate in their respective seats. He stressed the need for minimizing poll expenses with Election Commission arranging public meetings at which all the parties could address people.He said that people chargesheeted in courts for criminal acts should not be allowed to contest elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12512919", "title": "Couple attempts self-immolation, woman dies", "text": "VARANASI: A woman died and her husband sustained serious burn injuries after the duo set themselves on fire in their house at Basani village under Badagaon police station limits on Monday afternoon. According to reports, Vijay alias Bablu (35) and his wife Maya (32) lived in a small house in Basani village. Apart from them, the families of two brothers also shared the same house. Bablu and Maya were married 15 years ago but they were childless.Bablu was engaged in tea vending. Due to poor financial condition, the couple used to quarrel regularly. On Monday afternoon, they quarreled again after which the duo set themselves on fire. On hearing their cries, other residents of the house and villagers rushed to save them. But before they could do anything, Maya died on the spot. Bablu was rushed to hospital with serious burn injuries. Locals informed police and also called fire-fighters.Tension grips village : Tension gripped Anantpur village under Lohta police station limits on Monday morning after police removed an idol of Lord Hanuman from the gram sabha land on Sunday night.According to reports, people of one section of this mixed populated village created a platform on the gram sabha land and installed an idol of Lord Hanuman without seeking permission from the district administration or the authorities concerned. This move irked the members of other group and they complained to the police. Taking serious note of it, police reached the village on Sunday night and took away the idol. When the villagers came to know about this development, one group went on a rampage and staged a sit-in. The police had to exercise hard to normalise the situation in the village. SP (rural) Aarendra Pratap said that an FIR had been registered against four persons on the complaint of lekhpal of the area as no official formality for seeking permission to install the idol had been completed. No arrest had been made in this connection so far, he said.Child goes missing: Suresh Kumar Gupta (8), a class II student of an English-medium school with boarding facility situated along bypass road under Shivpur police station limits, went missing mysteriously on Monday.Suresh's father Dilip Gupta, a native of Ballia district, reached the city and lodged a complaint against the school and hostel warden with Shivpur police on Monday afternoon. Dilip said that he had admitted his two sons - Suresh and Pawan, a class VI student, on March 27. The boys were staying in the school's hostel. He said that on Monday, Pawan contacted him over phone to inform that Suresh was not present in the hostel since morning. Thereafter, he reached the city and met the school authorities. He alleged that the hostel warden had tortured his son. The police were investigating the matter but the boy could not be traced till late in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12513617", "title": "Blaze smokes up goods stored in container truck", "text": "CHENNAI: A container truck parked at a freight terminal near Madhavaram caught fire, destroying goods kept in the container in the early hours of Monday . No one was injured in the accident, police said, but goods worth several lakhs of rupees were gutted.Police put forward two theories on the source of fire. It was probably triggered by an electrical short circuit in the battery of the vehicle, or it might have spread from a kitchen fire which was left unattended after some employees made dinner.Fire and rescue services personnel received the call at 12.02am on Monday. Police said some of the truck drivers noticed the fire and alerted the police. On information, fire engines from Red Hills, Ambattur , Thiruvottiyur and Vyasarpadi rushed to the spot. The destroyed goods include bulbs, copper cables , chappals, shoes and plastic materials.\"Fire personnel battled for more than five hours. We put out the fire around 6am. As we ran out of water , we got metro tankers from Vyasarpadi to assist us. There were many other trucks fully loaded and parked inside the terminal. We managed to prevent the fire from spreading to those trucks,\" said Thiruvottiyur station fire officer G Mathivanan. Madhavaram assistant commissioner of police M M Ashok Kumar said they were able to salvage some of the valuables from the truck that caught fire Truck driver Kishan from Rajasthan, who was sleeping above the cabin, jumped off the truck after he sensed the heat. The truck that had come from Delhi belonged to J P Transports, Delhi. The remaining goods will be delivered to the clients through Bokhara Transports in Broadway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511456", "title": "Bombay HC upholds bar's shutdown, says society must not suffer", "text": "MUMBAI: Society must not suffer, the Bombay high court said on Monday, while lauding the police commissioner for rightly closing down a restaurant-cum-bar at Goregaon (W) where waitresses allegedly indulged in vulgarity.A division bench of Justices P B Majmudar and Anoop Mohta was hearing an appeal filed by Appu Shetty (70), proprietor of Hotel Sona on S V Road, against a judge's order. The judge had dismissed his petition challenging the closure of his hotel on the commissioner's order.Shetty's petition said a showcause notice was issued by the deputy commissioner of police (headquarters) in February 2010 on various grounds, including that a surprise visit showed that five waitresses were \"acting in a vulgar manner on orchestra music and showing undue intimacy with customers after midnight\" and that the \"customers were throwing Indian currency notes on them\".Shetty's licence was cancelled on March 4, 2011; it was confirmed by the home minister on September 6, 2011. Shetty closed his hotel on November 16, 2011. He moved the HC and the judge upheld the commissioner's power to cancel the licence if a irregularity is found.Bobby Malhotra, Shetty's advocate, said the punishment was harsh. Malhotra said the livelihood of other staffers was also affected. The judges said they had come across petitions regarding problems of women working as bar girls/waitresses but the court would not encourage misbehaviour. \"For the larger interest of society and people, mainly young people, stop these activities. Society must survive. See to it that waitresses don't indulge in illegal exhibition of their bodies,'' said Justice Majmudar. He also had a piece of advice for Shetty: \"Find some other business, you are 70. There are temples. You can go there,\" said Justice Majmudar.The judges said Shetty's licence was suspended earlier too for violating licence conditions. \"The commissioner was absolutely justified... If a hotelier is permitted to indulge in such activities, society is bound to suffer as those visiting hotels are tempted to indulge in illegal activities,'' they said. They hoped the commissioner would direct his staff to be \"vigilant, carry surprise checks'' and take strict action against violators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12513189", "title": "Social outfit wants temple fee abolished", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Jagannath Sena, a Puri-based social outfit, on Monday moved the Orissa High Court seeking cancellation of a practice, involving collection of Rs 25 fee from pilgrims for \"close\" glimpse of the deities at the Jagannath temple in Puri.\"We want a complete ban on the collection of Rs 25 for having clear and close darshan of the deities from the Bhitara Katha near sanctum sanctorum. Pilgrims should be allowed to view the deities near Bhitara Katha freely,\" said petitioner and Sena convener Priyadarshan Pattnaik. \"Poor devotees cannot afford the tickets,\" Pattnaik said.Temple's public relations officer Laxmidhar Pujapanda said, \"Everyday the temple allows pilgrims to have free darshan of the deities. Only those pilgrims, who show willingness to go near Bhitara Katha, will have to pay Rs 25.\" \"We are not preventing anyone from a darshan of deities for money,\" Pujapanda said.The temple administration recently enforced restriction on the presence of pilgrims inside sanctum sanctorum in compliance with the recent recommendations by Justice P K Mohanty inquiry commission that was set up to probe the November 4, 2006 stampede inside the shrine.The commission strongly recommended that the sanctum sanctorum should be kept out of bounds for pilgrims, which had triggered the stampede leaving four dead in 2006. The move was aimed at regulating the crowd in sanctum sanctorum. The administration's restriction had sparked resentment among some priests, who stalled rituals of deities for several hours in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12516143", "title": "It\u2019s Dada vs Kolkata this IPL!", "text": "With Sourav Ganguly all set to play for team Pune, we asks city celebs if their loyalties will shift from Kolkata Knight Riders to Dada's IPL team...I see a great divide happening on May 5, when KKR plays Pune Warriors. Bengal will see a second partition in history as loyalties would be split. While one faction would support KKR, the other would root for Pune since the team has our Dada in it. However, we musn't forget that KKR too has its share of Bengali players like Anushtup Majumdar and Debabrata Das and there's no denying Shah Rukh Khan ka karishma! At the end of the day, I want cricket to emerge as the true winner. But if you ask me honestly, I'll give Pune a nine-and-a-half and KKR a seven on ten!Sambaran Banerjee, Ex-CricketerSo what Sourav Ganguly is playing for Pune Warriors, I will support anything that has 'Kolkata' in it, that's KKR. For me, loyalty to the team is more important than loyalty to a person. My support will not waver for an X, Y, Z person, even if that happens to be our very own Sourav Ganguly. During the match on May 5, I will be supporting Kolkata Knight Riders for sure. Dada is an icon for all of us in Bengal, but my heart is still with KKR! But more than KKR and Pune Warriors I enjoy watching the nailbiting matches during IPL season. And it only gets better if it's played at Eden Gardens. Then the mazaa doubles!Swastika Mukherjee, ActorI am not even looking at anything beyond Kolkata Knight Riders! It might sound weird, considering the fact that Sourav Ganguly is playing for Pune Warriors but when it comes to loyalties, it's going to be KKR, all the way. I feel that though the loyalty factor will play a big role, at the end of the day, what everyone wants to see is a game of good cricket. After the first few overs, loyalties are going to be dissolved. But for me, it will always begin with rooting for KKR.Indraneil Sengupta, ActorI will probably not see the match as my loyalties would be divided! It's a very tricky situation, something that I have experienced during football matches too, especially Chirag United versus East Bengal! So, it's going to be a total blackout for me on May 5!Upal, Singer-MusicianI'm not much of a team person. I like watching good cricket. If KKR plays well, I'll support KKR. If not, I'll support Pune Warriors. However, somewhere, down inside, I know that a piece of my heart would be with Pune Warriors since Sourav is playing for Pune.Sandip Ray, DirectorThere's no question of shifting loyalties. I will support Kolkata Knight Riders. And why not? The name of my city is involved! Great cricketers might be playing for other teams but, like they say, the heart is where the home is. And it is in Kolkata!Jisshu Sengupta, ActorSomehow, I cannot relate to Pune. It's an alien city for me and hence, I feel no attachment towards it. Since the name of the city is involved, I will support Kolkata Knight Riders 100%. I am a huge Sourav Ganguly fan but my loyalty is with my hometown.Raj Chakrabarty, DirectorAmi kintu dadar dike. Sourav Ganguly has been my inspiration. I have always admired his killer instinct and his passion for performance. So wherever Dada plays, my loyalties would be there. It's Pune Warriors all the way!Sidhu, Singer-MusicianI will support whichever team that has Dada in it. Though right now, I'm more focused on \"Hate Story\", but when Sourav will be playing at Eden Gardens, there's no question of supporting anyone else. Yet, I think, it will also be fun to watch SRK dancing and cheering in a tight black tee around the club house!Paoli, ActorTo me, cricket is synonymous with Sourav Ganguly. Thus, I will definitely support Pune Warriors. Dada epitomizes anything and everything to do with cricket so I'm all for Pune Warriors. Three cheers for Dada!Dola Banerjee, ArcherThe first alphabet of Kolkata Knight Riders is 'K' and the first word is 'Kolkata'. Hence, wherever there's Kolkata, my support and loyalty will be there. I admire Sourav Ganguly but my love for the city will force me to support KKR.Srijit Mukherji, Director", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12512796", "title": "Parents resent school fee hike", "text": "KANPUR: Education has also become an extremely expensive affair for the people. Parents of children studying in private and public schools are trying to find ways to wriggle out of the tight situation. Most of the parents have also raised voice against 'arbitrary' fee hike by schools.To protest against this 'unjustifiable' fee hike, the parents gave a memorandum to the district magistrate at the district collectorate on Monday. The DM was not available but ACM had assured the parents to take appropriate action on the issue.According to parents of some students, private and public schools have repeatedly increase the fees since the past three years, flouting the state government norms. This year too, many private schools have hiked fees by 15 to 25 per cent without informing about the reason.Several school authorities gave excuses like need of funds to support the reservation of students from the economically backward groups. Authorities of many school said that they need funds to meet the increment and allowances to staff members.The parents association has called the hike as 'unjustifiable'.\"There are many schools which are setting up branches or institutions in the city. The business expansion is so huge that city is having more than 113 private and public school,\" said Satendra Mishra, representative, Parents Welfare Association.\"From the academic year 2009-10 to 2011-12, the fees had gone up by about 25 per cent. Currently the school charges Rs 1,500 to 1,800 per month, excluding conveyance and other expenses and if the fee increases this year it will be more than Rs 50,000 per annum,\" parents of a student studying in a school in Cantt area, said.\"Schools are taking benefits as government is not taking steps and regulatory bodies do not have control over the school managements. Fee hike is not commensurate with the income of parents,\" added Adhishree, mother of a student studying in a prominent school.According to the Central government order passed on June 1, 2009, private schools can raise the hike beyond the permitted limit (10%) only after submitting the accounts details to the education department. On the basis of the school's financial condition, the department will decide if the school can hike fees or not.\"The government, unfortunately, has maintained a casual approach to the issue and not formed any regulatory body to check the fee hike by schools.District education authorities too have not bothered to take action against the schools in the past,\" Sudhir Mishra, father of student studying in a school at Kalyanpur, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12512406", "title": "Phaeton joyride back at Victoria Memorial", "text": "KOLKATA: After a week's gap, the phaeton joyride is back at Victoria Memorial. These horse-drawn carriages had been kept out of Queen's Way - the road opposite the monument- because morning walkers and tourists complained of the stench.The complaints reached chief minister Mamata Banerjee , who, too, had a similar experience at Victoria during one of her visits to the area, say sources. Some morning walkers approached the CM and complained about the stench and filth. The phaeton owners had built a settlement of sorts near the protected monument.Last Monday, officers from Maidan police station asked them to stay off the road. The carriages and 60-odd horses were taken to the space under the Vidyasagar Setu ramp at Hastings. However, the phaeton owners pleaded with police that their families would starve if they couldn't ply their carriages.Police told them that they would be allowed back on the condition that they don't camp on the roadside after sundown. The owners agreed. However, keeping the horse-drawn carriages at Hastings won't be easy since the Army has asked them to clear out. \"We don't know what will happen,\" a phaeton owner said.Mansur Ali, a phaeton owner for three decades, said: \"The ban was like a bolt from the blue. It meant the end of the road for us. We are happy that the ban has been lifted.\" Sajjad Hossain, a 20-year-old carriage driver, however, said their income would suffer because of the police action. \"It is going to be a cat-and-mouse game with police. One day, police may impose a ban and lift it another day. Now we live in constant fear,\" Hossain said. He has been spending the nights at Hastings with the carriage. \"Earlier, we would feel safer to camp in the Maidan,\" Hossain said.Many visitors welcomed the lifting of the ban. Bidhan Sarani resident Kanti Bose said he and his family are regulars at the Maidan on weekends and love taking the joyride.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12511524", "title": "Petrol price cut fuels artificial shortage and long queues", "text": "PANAJI: As petrol prices in Goa fell by around 11 on Monday, long queues were witnessed all over the state and some pumps went dry. Vehicle owners began queuing up for fuel early Monday and with petrol stocks running out, panic buying led to even longer queues.Even though petrol pump owners expected a higher demand, orders for sufficient stocks were not placed as owners were worried about losses they would suffer due to the reduced value added tax (VAT), having to bear the deficit for purchasing the fuel before the new rate came into the effect.\"It is an artificial shortage. Petrol dealers had not placed orders on Saturday because it would result into loss for them as they would be paying the old price of petrol and selling it at a reduced price from Monday onwards. By today (Monday) evening or Tuesday morning the situation will return to normal,\" civil supplies and consumer affairs director Sunil Masurkar said.Fuel pump owners have to pay the VAT component of the price at the time of purchasing the fuel. To avoid having to purchase petrol at a high price and then sell it at a lower price they avoided placing orders.Masurkar added that oil companies have been directed to fill fuel tankers immediately on their arrival.All Goa Petrol Pump Owners' Association president Paresh Joshi said dealers kept stocks low assuming that people would not lift their regular requirement on the days preceding Monday and wait until the price decreased. As most consumers purchased petrol on the weekend, despite the higher price, stocks at many pumps fell on Monday.\"The low stock which was available got sold out in the first two hours. As such the shortage was felt till the new stock started arriving 10am onwards,\" Joshi said.He added that a few dealers could not transfer funds on account of the bank holiday and so could not receive fresh stocks.Queues were also seen at petrol pumps in the towns of Vasco, Ponda, Mapusa, Valpoi, Canacona, Quepem. The queues caused traffic jams at some places causing inconvenience to commuters and motorists.BJP workers celebrated the lowering of VAT in Vasco and Margao. The state VAT on petrol has been almost entirely abolished except a symbolic 0.1% for technical reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12512558", "title": "Day 1 of SSLC exams goes off smoothly", "text": "BANGALORE: There was anxiety, tension, anticipation and calmness ___ varied emotions among lakhs of students who appeared for the SSLC examination on Day One on Monday. Accompanied by anxious parents, the students came prepared for their first public examination, considered to be important as the performance in these exams will determine their future.Despite the exam blues, there were students like Stephen P of Stracey Memorial High School, who appeared calm. Probably because the exams took off with the language paper, considered to be easy compared with other subjects.Stephen who reached the centre along with his mother 30 minutes ahead of the commencement of the examination, said: \"I was composed when I reached the exam centre. There was no reason for me to panic as I prepared well for the exam. My mom came along to wish me luck.\"Most echoed Stephen. \"I was not at all tense when I reached the centre. The fact that it was the language papers might be a reason for this,\" said Mukesh Kumar N, another student, who chose to walk down to the examination centre alone.Though some students appeared cool, most parents were anxious and accompanied their children to the exam centres and waited to see them off into the exam halls. The reason, as some parents said, was because they wanted to see their wards reached the centres safely. On completion of the exam, they were there to receive their children.Questions were lengthyThere was a mixed reaction from the students on the first language question papers (English, Hindi, Kannada, Tamil, Telugu, Marathi, Urdu and Sanskrit). While many found the papers easy, some felt the questions were lengthy and difficult.Shoiab Ahmed of Casta Town School found the Kannada-language paper difficult. \"The questions were tough. The paper was lengthy as well and the questions should have been clearer,\" said Shoiab.As for the English language paper, it was a cakewalk for some while the rest struggled to finish their papers on time. \"It was very easy. They should have incorporated some difficult questions,\" said SM Azlaan, Stracey Memorial School.Nikhil Venkatesh of the same school found the paper to be lengthy.\"Although English paper was not very difficult, the section containing questions carrying 3-4 marks were tricky ,\" said Stephen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12513224", "title": "Licences of sonography machines of two hospitals suspended", "text": "JAIPUR: Taking stringent action against two hospitals, chairperson, state appropriate authority of pre-conception and pre natal and diagnostics techniques (PCPNDT) suspended the licence of sonograpy machines of the hospitals for allegedly violating PCPNDT Act, 1994 on Monday.The decision was taken in a meeting of appropriate authorities held on Monday in which the chairperson state appropriate authority Gayatri Rathore suspended the licence.PCPNDT incharge Hardyal Singh said: \"The records of sonography conducted in the hospitals were seized a few days ago after auditing irregularities were found in the record. Investigations are still on.\"One of the hospitals is Sharda hospital in Vidhyadhar Nagar and the other is Anil Nursing Home in Moti Doongri area. After seizing the records, the department conducted auditing but they found that crucial information regarding pregnant women were missing , said an official.The health department has recently stepped up efforts in tackling female feticide. Fetuses were found in Vidhyadhar Nagar, Jalupura and at Sindhi Camp in the last 10 days. Also, a body of an infant girl was also found in Shastri Nagar recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12512982", "title": "Two minors abducted in separate incidents", "text": "PUNE: The Warje Malwadi police on Sunday booked a youth from Karvenagar for allegedly abducting a 17-year-old girl on the pretext of marrying her.The incident took place on March 24. The police have identified the suspect as Rahul Kamble.Sub-inspector Mahendra Jadhav said that the victim was studying in an ashram school and also stayed there. Kamble abducted her from the premises of the school.In a similar incident, the Warje Malwadi police have booked one Nilesh Bhosale for allegedly abducting a 15-year-old girl on the pretext of marrying her.The incident took place at Karvenagar on Saturday. Sub-inspector Y A Nikam is investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "tenali", "code": "12511698", "title": "Woman brutalised for bearing girls", "text": "TENALI: In yet another case of female infanticide, the husband and in-laws forced a woman who gave birth to two girls to abort the four subsequent pregnancies apparently on the advice of a godman who said the woman would deliver a boy child only in her seventh pregnancy.The victim is battling for her life at a private hospital near Mangalagiri as the forcible abortion is said to have infected her body parts. Though the incident took place a few days ago, it came to light only in the late hours of Sunday when the victim was rushed to the hospital by her parents. According to information, the woman's parents Rehman and Fatima, residents of Balajiraopet in Tenali town, performed the marriage of their daughter Munni with a welder Allabaksh of Mangalagiri about eight years ago.Subsequently, Munni gave birth to a baby girl in her first delivery, which did not go down well with her in laws. With Munni giving birth to another girl in the second delivery, the anger of the in-laws touched skies and they started harassing her on one pretext or the other. She tolerated all the tortures keeping in view of the poverty of her parents and pleaded with her in-laws to allow her to undergo family planning operation to avoid further problems. The in-laws did not agree and forced her to bear another child despite the fact that she was anaemic. Much to the chargin of her in-laws, Munni gave birth to a baby girl for the third time. A few days later, the infant died under suspicious conditions.Then, the in-laws of Munni said to have taken her to a 'baba' in Vijayawada and sought his blessings for a male child. The godman is said to have told them that Munni would give birth to a baby boy in her seventh delivery. A shocked Munni refused to wait and pleaded with her husband and in-laws to allow her to undergo family planning operation. However, they threatened to kill the two girl children, too, if she wanted to undergo an FP operation without their knowledge. Munni's husband and in-laws are said to have forcibly aborted the fourth and the fifth pregnancies and wanted her to wait for the seventh one.\"We have arrested all the three including the husband of Munni, Allabaksh, father-in-law Babu , mother-in-law Taherunnisa,\" said III Town CI Shaik Usman. Meanwhile, district collector V N Vishnu directed the district medical and health officer Gopi Naik to probe the incident and take action against the culprits. He asked the authorities of the hospital where Munni is undergoing treatment to take all steps to protect her life. He said that they would take all steps to see that the culprits got the severest punishment.The victim is battling for her life at a private hospital near Mangalagiri as the forcible abortion is said to have infected her body parts. Police booked a case against three.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12512540", "title": "HC to clear ambiguity in the Lokayukta Act", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court has observed that there is ambiguity in the Lokayukta act regarding the consultation process and it needs to be set right.A division bench headed by Justice N Kumar on Monday enlarged the scope of the two PILs challenging Justice Chandrashekaraiah's appointment as Upa Lokayukta, and said the procedure needs to be set right leaving no scope for ambiguity.''We want to lay down the law,'' the bench observed while framing several questions such as the consultation process and how it has to be undertaken, what inputs each constitutional authority has to give and what should be done if there is no unanimity among consultees.The bench has started the dictation process on the two PILs challenging the Upa Lokayukta's appointment and is likely to complete it on Tuesday.BSY's letter in courtIn another development, a letter written by former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa to the then Chief Justice JS Khehar was placed in the court on Monday.In the August 2, 2011 letter, the former CM apologized to Justice Khehar for not consulting him in the Lokayukta's appointment (Justice V Shivaraj Patil). He had also assured that the chief secretary would put in place a 'revised system' in place on the lines suggested by the Chief Justice, and that would be acted upon.What's the case?Two advocates filed the PILs challenging Justice Chandrashekaraiah's appointment on January 21, citing that Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen wasn't consulted in the process.The chief justice, in fact, wrote a letter on February 4, saying that he wasn't consulted while appointing Justice Chandrashekaraiah. However, the government contended that the chief minister is not bound by the advice of any of the consultees, including the chief justice, on the Upa Lokayukta's appointment.The government further claimed that consultation is only a 'procedural requirement' and none among the consultees has any primacy in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511827", "title": "Juhu accident: Youths booked for drinking without permit", "text": "MUMBAI: The Santa Cruz police have booked the five youngsters injured in Saturday's Juhu drunk-driving mishap for drinking without permit and are weighing if action can be taken against a Bandra pub for serving the youths alcohol without first verifying if they had permits.Charges under section 66(1)(b) of the Bombay Prohibition Act were slapped on Monday against Rahul Mishra, Amit Gupta, Krishnamani Thevar, Priyanka Rai and Nimisha Mane, the last two of whom suffered grave injuries in the accident and are fighting for their lives. As per the Act, a liquor permit is necessary in Maharashtra for purchase, possession, transport, and consumption of liquor. If found guilty, the five youths can be jailed for at least three months and fined Rs 5,000-unless a magistrate makes a special allowance.The youngsters and their friend Shivani Rawat met at Bandra pub Royalty around 10.30pm on Friday, where they had drinks. Around 1.30am they left in Mishra's Hyundai Getz for JVPD to get dinner. Mishra was at the wheel. Half an hour later, a drunk Mishra rammed the car into a tree at Juhu Tara Road. The impact was so great that it sent the vehicle spinning. It next hit a divider, kept on spinning and finally crashed into a stationary auto, whose driver was asleep inside. Rawat died of the severe chest and head injuries suffered in the accident.The police are now considering action against Royalty for allegedly serving the youths alcohol without checking if they possessed permits.On Monday, cops visited the accident site accompanied by the complainant-auto driver Darogakumar Maurya-to collect evidence. They measured the spot where the car hit the tree, assessed the distance between the tree and the divider, and determined the distance between the divider and where the auto was parked. Chips of paint were found as high as six to seven feet on the tree.A big hitch in the probe, however, was that Maurya remembered very little of what happened. \"The auto that I drive belongs to a friend. At the time of the accident I was sleeping on the backseat and did not see who hit me or how many people were riding with the driver,\" said Maurya. \"The impact was so severe that I was thrown out of the auto.\" Maurya said he briefly lost consciousness after the mishap. When he came to, the back of his head was bleeding and he could see a mangled blue-coloured Hyundai Getz lying nearby.\"One of the passers-by held my head in his hands to stop the bleeding. Cops took me to Cooper Hospital,\" Maurya said. He was later informed that Mishra was at the wheel of the blue car and was drunk. IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh said a policeman should have been made the complainant in the case if there was no credible complainant forthcoming.All major junctions in Juhu and Santa Cruz are covered with CCTV cameras. But since the Saturday accident occurred a little distance away from a junction, it was not captured by a camera. The police are now waiting for a chemical analysis report to find the exact alcohol level in Mishra's blood at the time of the accident. They have already recorded Maurya and Gupta's statements. Thevar has asked for another day's time to record his statement.Rai and Mane are comatose and, according to doctors, struggling to survive. Mane had told her parents that she was going for a party and would sleep over at Rawat's home if she got late. Rai, however, had not told her parents about her plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12511808", "title": "Bhagmati's tomb? 'No proof to nail it'", "text": "HYDERABAD: While a debate is on over the existence of Bhagmati's tomb on the allegedly encroached property of murder accused Hamza Bin Omer alias Zaffar Pahelwan, experts who examined the tomb said that there was no evidence to indicate that it belongs to the 16th century lady love of the founder of Hyderabad Mohammed Quli Qutub Shah.During the police raids at Pahelwan's Aman Nagar residence in Yakutpura last week, officials found a historic tomb on the premises. Experts from the archeology department were asked to examine it to get behind the facts. M A Qaiyoom, an expert on Islamic architecture, along with other officials from the department examined the tomb on Saturday. According to them the case is a non-issue as it was already settled in 2006 before the high court where it was then declared by the archeology department officials that the tomb cannot be considered that of Bhagmati's. \"I am not aware of the details of the high court case, but after examination we have come to the conclusion that the previous report holds good,\" said Qaiyoom.Another official on condition of anonymity explained that there are no inscriptions on the tomb making it difficult to determine to whom it belongs. \"The tomb undoubtedly was built during the Qutub Shahi times as indicated by the architecture. We had examined it and have had also taken photographs to study it in detail. But there is no reason to believe that it is Bhagmati's tomb because there are no inscriptions on the tomb. Besides, there are also no written evidences pointing to the existence of Bhagmati's tomb in the area. There are many small tombs like these in and around the city,\" he said.Questioning Bhagmati's very existence, the official further said, \"There is no hard evidence to conclude that Bhagmati ever existed. Folklore does not count as evidence. The tombs of Taramati and Premamati are located within the premises of Qutub Shahi tombs. If Bhagmati was indeed so important to the king, she would have been buried close to the sultan, not in a far off place like Yakutpura which was just a village then.\"More cases against ZaffarPolice booked two more cases against Zaffar Pahelwan charging him with extortion on Monday.The two separate cases were booked under Section 384 of IPC (extortion) for forcible seizure of vehicles. While police is busy getting data and trying to trace the owners of vehicles seized from his residence, sources said that though Pahelwan is in police custody, people whose vehicles were confiscated by him and his henchmen were likely to hesitate to come forward and report to police fearing retaliation from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12515504", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan to do a cameo in Zanjeer remake", "text": "While re-inventing Bachchan classics has become quite fashionable in Bollywood of late, word is that Big B wasn't taken into confidence either before the remaking of Don or Agneepath. Also, contrary to rumours, Abhishek Bachchan wasn't offered the lead in the newbie Agneepath.In a departure from the norm, Apoorva Lakhia, director of the remake of Zanjeer, has sought the Bachchans complete consent before embarking on his ambitious project. Going a step further, Lakhia even offered the lead to Abhishek before any other actor.According to a source close to the film, Abhishek declined saying he wouldn't want to put himself in direct comparison with his father by doing any of his films. That's when the director, along with producer Amit Mehra, son of late Prakash Mehra who produced and directed the original Zanjeer, decided to explore other opportunities.A source close to the project told Mirror, \"Apu and Junior (that's what Lakhia calls Abhishek), go back a long way. From the time Apu made his first film Mumbai Se Aaya Mera Dost, either Abhishek or his father or both have featured in all his films. Apu couldn't dream of doing Zanjeer with any other actor except Abhishek. So the first thing he did when he decided to remake Zanjeer was to drive down to the Bachchan residence and offer Inspector Vijay's role to Abhishek.\"With Abhishek refusing to play the part, Lakhia, for whom the project would be incomplete without Big B's presence, finally managed to get Bachchan Sr to do a cameo in his film. Asked for further details, he simply said, \"Right now, it's really too early to talk about the extent of Mr Bachchan's participation in Zanjeer. But yes, I can't dream of remaking Zanjeer without Mr Bachchan, Jayaji and Abhishek's participation. The project has their blessing and support. Beyond that, it's too early to say anything.\"Meanwhile, a reliable source revealed that Big B would soon be meeting the leading man of the new Zanjeer aka Telugu star Ram Charan Teja, with the latter having expressed a keen desire to seek the original Vijay's blessings and advice. Lakhia has even written a scene where the new and old Vijay come together. That's something to look forward to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12513552", "title": "Ludhiana will have to live with slums for now", "text": "LUDHIANA: Those slums around your home and open sewerage lines are going to stay just the same for much longer as the municipal corporation has been denied more grants under the Jawahar Lal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme for not implementing certain reforms. In the memorandum of understanding, the MC was to implement reforms like e-governance for getting grants under JNNURM but despite repeated reminders from Union urban development ministry, the authorities failed.MC was using the JNNURM grants to construct 4,832 dwelling units in Giaspura, Mundian Kalan, Dhandhari Kalan and Dhandhari village to resettle slum dwellers and undertaking a project for 100% covering of sewerage lines across the city. Both projects have been moving it at snail's pace due to shortage of funds and tardy speed. The dwelling units were supposed to be ready by 2011 while deadline for the sewerage project was March 2012.MC had initially estimated that the sewerage project would cost Rs 241 crore which was later fixed at Rs 267 crore after including internal expenditures. Of this, MC could get Rs 30 crore from central government and Rs 12 crore from Punjab government under the JNNURM scheme.Similarly for constructing dwelling units, the third instalment worth Rs 11.65 crore has been pending since December 2010.Municipal commissioner MC M S Jaggi said, ''Pending projects does not mean that we will not complete them. We are conducting meetings with officers and are hopeful of getting more funds.'' He added that though they are yet to get a written confirmation they have been permitted to construct 800 more dwelling units on 4.5 acres of land under JNNURM. Regarding implementation of reforms Jaggi said, ''We have called a meeting on April 10 and officials will discuss these reforms.''Sources said four meetings of MC and JNNURM officials have been conducted in the last 10 days and MC has been asked to first implement reforms before getting grants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12512956", "title": "Sabyasachi Panda blames govt for talks delay", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda, in an audio tape sent to certain media houses, on Monday accused the Odisha government of \"dilly-dallying\" on meeting rebels' demands for releasing Italian Bosusco Paolo and warned there was threat to the hostage's life.\"We will free the Italian only after the state government and the mediators (B D Sharma and Dandapani Mohanty) sign a written pact on fulfilling our demands,\" Panda, who uses the alias Sunil, said. \"We will hand over the Italian after we receive a copy of such an agreement,\" he added, rejecting CM Naveen Patnaik as well as the two interlocutors' appeal to free the Italian national.Shortly afterwards, the state government initiated the third round of talks with the mediators. \"We have received Panda's demands. We wanted to verify the same with mediators,\" home secretary U N Behera said, adding, \"We have resumed talks. As Sharma would not be available on Tuesday, talks will next be held on Wednesday.\" Mohanty said like the government, Paolo's abductors too were examining the mediators' proposal. Heaping blame on the government for the delay, Mohanty alleged the government was planning a police operation despite engaging in peace talks.On release of Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka (BJD), who Maoists abducted on March 23 night from Koraput district, there was also not much positive development. Sources said following reports that the legislator was unwell, two of his relatives went deep into the forests in and around Laxmipur in an attempt to meet him. \"The two relatives are yet to come back,\" a source confided. Back channel efforts to bring Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh president Nachika Linga for talks with the government has not taken off thus far, with CMAS leaders insisting on withdrawal of all cases against Linga and release of all incarcerated sangh activists, sources said.Panda, secretary, Odisha State Organising Committee (OSOC) of the outlawed CPI (Maoist), said he had received a letter from mediators about the government's version on meeting Maoists' demands on freeing Paolo. \"There is no clarity on which demands the government was willing to fulfill. It is unnecessarily delaying the matter. So, there was no question of us letting go the Italian,\" he said.Seemingly dissatisfied with the government offer, Panda has sought the release of at least seven persons, including his wife Subshree, Gananath Patra, Kamalakanta Sethy, Aarti Majhi and Sujatha. Panda further alleged that despite the OSOC declaring unilateral ceasefire, the government was collecting information about the activities of his cadres and him. \"The government was planning a counter offensive against us,\" he said.Panda, considered the Odia face of CPI (Maoist), warned of dire consequences, saying the government would be responsible if anything untoward happened to Paolo, who the guerillas abducted from the Kandhamal-Ganjam border on March 14 along with his country man Claudio Colangelo. On March 25, the radicals liberated Colangelo through a group of journalists as a \"goodwill gesture\" and said they would let off Paolo when they gained trust the state government would meet their 13 demands.The state government has held inconclusive negotiations with two rebel-named mediators, Sharma and Mohanty, from March 22 and, going by sources, assured the interlocutors it would release some prisoners to free Paolo. Panda's latest version apparently follows the mediators' informing him about the government version.Government sources said the mediators had been told it was willing to free some imprisoned persons, but there was no consensus yet on the names. On the other demands, government sources said the CM had already announced that no \"coercive action\" would be taken unless the Maoists perpetrate violence while on tribal development issues broad agreements had been reached.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12512864", "title": "Karnataka State Open University will confer honorary DLitt on Javare Gowda, five others", "text": "MYSORE: The 12th convocation of Karnataka State Open University (KSOU) will be held at Kalamandira here on Wednesday. A total of 26,108 candidates, including 14,206 women , will receive undergraduate and post-graduate degrees at the convocation. Gold medals and cash prizes will be awarded to 36 and 23 candidates, respectively.Addressing mediapersons here on Monday, KSOU vice-chancellor K S Rangappa said six persons will be awarded honorary DLitt degree on the occasion. Professor Roddam Narasimha, eminent scientist and former chairman of Engineering Mechanics Unit JNCASR, will deliver the convocation address. Governor Hans Raj Bhardwaj , also the chancellor of KSOU, will preside, while CM D V Sadananda Gowda will be present.Those receiving the honorary DLitt are noted writer and former vice-chancellor D Javare Gowda; Emeritus Professor, SSCU, Indian Institute of Science (Bangalore) K J Rao; former director, Institute for Social and Economic Change (Bangalore) Prof G Thimmaiah; member of Planning Commission and National Advisory Council ( Government of India) Narendra Jadhav; social worker and founder-member and president of PES Trust (Mandya) H D Chowdaiah; and founder-chairman of Sa-Mudra Foundation (Bangalore) Prof K E Radhakrishna.It was Javare Gowda who, as the VC of University of Mysore (UoM), set up Institute of Correspondence Course and Distance Education (ICC&DE;) in 1970. It was converted into KSOU in 1996. After UoM, which conferred honorary doctorate on its founder Maharaja Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar, KSOU is honouring the founder of the institution which led to its birth.\"Last year, 18,328 received degrees, while 26,108 candidates will be awarded degrees this year,\" the VC said. KSOU has awarded doctorates on 13 candidates (nine men and four women).K S Pavithra, who bagged the first rank in MA Kannada, will receive three -- the highest -- gold medals. M Manasa, who bagged second rank in BA, will receive three - the highest -- cash prizes instituted by Dr NS Ramegowda Endowment, G S Channabasappa and Sons, Davanagere, and Silver Jubilee Endowment Cash Prize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12511600", "title": "Gujarat gets 9,600 more engineering seats", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of HSC (science) who are awaiting their board exam results can take heart knowing that there is almost one professional discipline seats for every student who will pass the exam this year. The All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) has given approval to 9,600 additional seats in the engineering colleges in Gujarat from this year.Nearly 80 engineering colleges, mainly self-financed institutions, had applied for increase in capacity intake. These colleges run in a single shift and had applied for an increase in their intake capacity wherein the students will be taught in a second shift. The approval came on Sunday night.\"AICTE approval has come for 9,600 additional seats in the state. Most of these seats are in self-financed colleges. Not many government colleges had applied for increase in capacity intake\", said Janak Khandwala, president of Association of Self-Financed Colleges.Officials said that the hike in number of engineering seats has created the best possible situation for the HSC (science) students who will clear their A group (Physics, Chemistry, Math) and Gujarat Common Entrance Test this year.\"Students who will clear A group in HSC (science) can rest assured of admission in professional courses in the state itself. The students do not need to go to other states like Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu , Karnataka and take admission burning a hole in their parents' pocket. Almost every student who passes HSC A group will get admission in professional pharmacy and engineering seats\", said principal of LD Engineering College M N Patel.The calculation is simple. After counting the 9,600 seat hike, there are 62,600-odd professional engineering and pharmacy seats available. This does not include seats at Nirma University, Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Technology (DAIICT), SVT Surat and PDPU, Gandhinagar. Number of students who will appear for GUJCET exams for A group are 76,489. Of these 6,963 are from other state boards. This leaves the number of Gujarat students at 71,000.\"The highest rate of success in HSC (science) results declared between 1991 and 2011 was in 2006 at 82.89 per cent.If this year, 85 per cent result success is declared, then also 65,000 students will be eligible for admission. This means that almost every student will have an excellent chance at getting admission in professional engineering or pharmacy course\", said a technical education expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "12511940", "title": "Is Lord's property safe in Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams hands?", "text": "TIRUPATI: When Pallava king Thondaiman sang in praise of Perumal (Lord Venkateswara) and built the temple 1,900 years ago, little did the world know that one of the most revered Hindu gods had a little mischief hidden in the ever flowing 'Perumal jalam' (Viraja nadi waters) on which the Moolavirat stands in the form of boundless wealth. That treasure now flows seamlessly and is worth over a mind-numbing Rs 1,00,000 crore and still counting. The coffers (read hundi offerings) of the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) alone receive about Rs 600 crore of offerings from pilgrims every year.The Lord is weighed down not only by the prayers and requests of lakhs of pilgrims, but also by more than 12,000 kg of gold, ornaments and other precious jewels and 11,000 kg of silver worth over Rs 50,000 crore. The 8-feet black-coloured main idol is loaded up with at least 65-70 kg of gold ornaments every day and it is estimated that in a single day offerings to the Lord ranges between Rs 80 lakh and Rs 1.5 crore. A single crown studded with diamonds and rubies weighs about 30 kg and worth lakhs. The dome of the shrine- called 'Ananda Nilayam' - is coated with gold by Vijayanagara king Sri Krishnadevaraya. The Lord also sits over cash deposits worth Rs 10,000 crore.Not to forget, the Tirumala temple owns land valued at thousands of crores across the country. Following a directive from AP High Court in 2009, the TTD and the AP government did a survey on TTD land taking into account the cottages, choultries and other structures (not temples) and the land holding was found to be 4,200 acres. \"The land was worth Rs 33,500 crore as per conservative government valuation. As per present market value, it could easily touch Rs 90,000 crore,\" a senior TTD official points out. Apart from properties and wealth of the Tirumala temple, TTD controls over 40 temples which are in possession of over 100 kg of gold ornaments and 100 kg of silver. In many cases, the donations are unusually generous. Mining baron and former Karnataka minister Gali Janardhan Reddy, in Bangalore jail now, offered a diamond-studded crown worth Rs 42 crore to the Lord two years ago. Officials claim that the images of the jewels and golden utensils are stored along with their descriptions and information on the donors by maintaining 13 registers called `Thiruvabharanams.' \"The main deity and the processional deities are adorned with 1,100 varieties of jewels,\" a temple official explains. TTD deposits over 4,000 kg of gold in nationalized banks and piece and ornamental gold in the Mumbai mint for converting them into dollars in various denominations for sale to the pilgrims.The TTD treasury called 'Bokkasam' is where the precious gold and ornaments are stored. But it came under scanner in June 2006 after 300 gold dollars worth Rs 15.40 lakh went missing. Bokkasam clerk `Dollar' Seshadri was nailed in a vigilance report but Seshadri is back and is seen with the high and mighty inside the temple portals. \"TTD Board Rules of 1990 stipulate an annual verification and inventory taking of the jewellery. A physical verification by a senior officer must be conducted but this is not being strictly followed,\" points out member of Tirumala Devalaya Parirakshana Samithi S Susheela. Gold necklaces as long as 15-18 ft, crowns studded with emeralds, rubies and diamonds -- symbols of the Krishnadevaraya royalty -- were taken stock of by a panel from the Mines and Minerals Trading Corporation of India, which submitted a valuation report to the High Court. The report said that the antique jewellery of the Lord was worth several thousands of crores.\"The value of the Lord's properties and wealth is almost equal to the AP's budget of Rs 1.4 lakh crore. But there is always a question mark on the TTD's ability to protect the Lord's properties,\" auditor Lakshman Rao says. The TTD has also other sources of income through the sale of Arjitha seva tickets (Rs 300 crore a year), special entry tickets (Rs 300 crore), human hair (Rs 300 crore) and laddus (Rs 100 crore). \"Without sevas and rituals also, pilgrims will continue to flock Tirumala and donate liberally. Such is the power of Lord Venkateswara,\" Chakravarthy Raghavan of Rashtriya Sanskrit Vidya Peeth says.(This is eighth in a series of reports on Lord Balaji's hilltop temple in Tirumala)Also Read: 21-hour wait for fleeting darshan of the LordIs Lord Balaji temple at Tirumala only for VIPs?Corruption is a way of life in Tirupati Tirumala DevasthanamsTirumala wakes up to luxury pad cultureRecord collection of Rs 5.73 crore at Tirumala", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12512200", "title": "Nine more luxury buses on Gurgaon-Chandigarh route", "text": "GURGAON: Commuting to Chandigarh from the city and the capital has become easier with the introduction of nine more luxury Volvo buses in the fleet. Haryana chief minister flagged off the service of this fleet on Monday at a function held in New Delhi. Now these buses will make nine trips each from Gurgaon and Delhi, on a daily basis. Gurgaon will get another six Volvo buses by mid-May which may be put on other long routes.With this new addition, there are now 18 Volvo buses on Chandigarh-Delhi-Gurgaon route. The bus service will start from Gurgaon bus stand at 12.30 am daily and culminate with last departure at 11 pm. Buses will also depart at 4 am, 7 am, 8.30 am, 2.30 pm, 4 pm, 9 pm and 10 pm. Official said that the first bus of the new service will start from Chandigarh at 12 am.Chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda flagged off the service at a function at Haryana Bhawan in Delhi. Hooda said, \"The new bus service is even better than flight service. We have got the best service available. With the operation of super luxury buses, the passenger load on Delhi-Chandigarh route will be eased.\"These buses have air conditioning and heating system, LED-based destination boards carrying details of the place, mobile and laptop chargers in all seats, 49 comfortable semi-sleeper seats, adequate luggage room and LCD TV for entertainment. Mineral water and English/Hindi Newspapers will be provided to passengers on a complimentary basis.75% seats in these super luxury Volvo buses can be booked online. The one side fair from Gurgaon is Rs 595 while the passengers boarding from Delhi will have to pay only Rs 510.The Haryana roadways have recently bought 25 Volvo buses to enhance long route bus services from Chandigarh and Gurgaon. While Chandigarh has got 10 buses, Gurgaon has been allocated 15 buses. Each bus costs approximately Rs 85 lakh. Remaining 16 buses are likely to be introduced by the middle of May.Yashendra Singh, general manager (Gurgaon), Haryana Roadways, said, \"We are exploring the possibilities of putting the remaining buses on routes like Jammu, Jaipur or other places. A final decision will be taken based on the market demand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12513577", "title": "IMH inmate bolts, run over by lorry", "text": "CHENNAI: A young patient who escaped from the Institute of Mental Health (IMH) in Kilpauk was knocked down by a lorry on Konnur High Road, a kilometre away from the hospital, on Monday.Police said the 26-year-old patient, Sundarajan D of Bajanai Koil Street in Porur, scaled the hospital wall to escape , but hospital sources maintained that he escaped through the main gate. Sundarajan was admitted to the hospital on December 10, 2011, and had been receiving treatment in ward 22 of the intensive care unit.Hospital officials said Sundarajan was present for the 6.30am roll call on Monday . A group of patients from each ward is placed in the charge of a caregiver while they go through their morning routine between 7.30 and 8.30am. Around 8.30am, staff at the hospital realised that Sundarajan was missing as he was not among in his group.Eyewitnesses told police that Sundarajan did not appear to notice a lorry approaching at high speed while he was crossing the road. He was crushed to death.The Anna Nagar traffic investigation police registered a case of under IPC section 304 A (causing death by negligence ) and arrested the lorry driver, I Abdul Samadh, 33, of Kannappan Nagar near Red Hills. The body has been sent for postmortem examination to Government Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital.\"We learnt about the accident only at 10.50am when Anna Nagar policemen informed us. Employees at IMH were searching the premises for Sundarajan when the police arrived,\" a hospital official said. Patients are allowed to move around inside the campus and are restricted to their wards only after 6pm, he said.\"It is an unfortunate incident . We will conduct a departmental inquiry into the incident\" a senior IMH official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12512301", "title": "Logjam over, soon travel from Greater Noida to Ghaziabad in 20 minutes", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The last hurdle for constructing the 22 kilometre 13m-wide link road between Greater Noida and Ghaziabad has finally been cleared by the Greater Noida Authority and Ghaziabad Development Authority. Officials said, following a meeting between the two development authorities on Monday morning, GDA has already begun work on the \"design and work details of the pending stretch\" of the link road that will reduce travel time between the two cities to just 20 minutes.Though construction of most of the link road is complete, a stretch of around 1.5km has remained stuck for almost nine years now. Several factors, ranging from farmers' protest to lack of funds, have contributed to the delay of the ambitious project. Earlier last year, GDA had claimed that it \"did not have land to give the farmers\" so that it could acquire abadi land of villages like Bahrampur Akbarpur and Chak Birampur.The Greater Noida Authority handed over around four acres along the Hindon river to GDA to shift the affected farmers. Greater Noida Authority has also released Rs 15 crore to GDA for carrying out the remaining construction work.\"The pending stretch of the link road comes under GDA's jurisdiction. We had identified around 2 acres of vacant land last year and handed it to GDA for construction. They claim that the two acres were utilized for around 850m and needed more land for the remaining stretch,\" said a Greater Noida Authority official. \"We have now handed over four more acres and GDA has begun working on the plan and design details,\" he added.The link road, that aims to connect Greater Noida's sector Zeta to Vijay Nagar in Ghaziabad, will pass through Devla, Khodna, Khurd, Khairpur Gurjar, Etaida and Haibatpur before meeting NH-24 near the Vijay Nagar bypass in Ghaziabad. The road will then be extended from NH-24 to Meerut highway.The authorities claim that the remaining stretch will be completed in six months. The link road will be completely signal-free. At present, Greater Noida residents have to cross Noida and Dadri to reach Ghaziabad. Commuting through the Etaida-Chapraula-Ghaziabad route takes up to two hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "sks nagar", "code": "12513700", "title": "Collector's fetish: Wad of banknotes numbered -786", "text": "SKS NAGAR: It's true that sometimes a news article can make a deep impact on someone and the same happened with Jagtar Singh of Shaheed Karnail Singh Nagar. After reading the article about a man's currency collection with ''786'' number, Jagtar developed the love to collect currency notes. And this love continued as he has been collecting the same since 12 years now.Resident of Shaheed Karnail Singh Nagar, Jagtar said, ''I started collecting currency having 786 digits in 2000. The total value of my collection is over Rs 20,000. My collection includes currency in denomination of 1, 10, 20, 50, 500 and 1,000.''Working in railway department as head booking clerk, Jagtar's passion has an easy opportunity to flourish as he deals with cash at the department. ''I deal with cash in the department everyday and whenever I come across any notes with 786 digits, I exchange mine with them for my collection.'' He adds, ''On an average I come across at least two to three notes of such digits, every week.''Jagtar said, ''Some feel that such notes bring prosperity in the house and I also share the same feeling.''Very possessive about his prized possession, Jagtar, 47, said, ''I keep my collection in the locker of my almirah and I only show my collection to those who share the same interest.''Recalling the difficult period of financial troubles, he said, ''Few years ago due to financial constraints in the family, I was forced to use some of my collection. That was a very painful time for me. I would have never spent my collection in normal circumstances.''And now Jagtar promises he would never part with his collection. Many people have offered to buy my collection, but I always refuse them.''Jagtar's wife, Paramjeet Kaur, said, ''After noticing my husband's interest in collecting currency, I too keep my eyes open for any such notes. Whenever I find them I give them to my husband for his collection.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511477", "title": "Rickshaw pullers find a friend in SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi's rickshaw pullers found an ally in the Supreme Court on Monday with the court slamming the Municipal Corporation of Delhi and Delhi government for seeking to undo a Delhi high court order removing a cap on number of rickshaws.Batting for rickshaw pullers it described as \"weak and meek\", the court also quashed the civic body's bid to restore its power to scrap rickshaws plying without licences, asking MCD to take on someone its own size. \"Are you prepared to scrap cars; Impound those involved in drunken driving or even remove them from roads, say for a period of 10 years?\" the SC asked MCD.The apex court has set the stage for movement of pedal-powered tri-cycle rickshaws in most parts of the city as the civic body is now armed only with powers to impose a fine of Rs 5 in areas outside permitted zones, while it will not be able to use more harsh measures.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya felt MCD officials have a mindset problem in wanting to target poor rickshaw pullers as they upheld the decision to do away with the provision of the Delhi Municipal Corporation (Cycle-Rickshaw) By-laws, 1960, that restricted the number of tri-cycles to 99,000 in ear-marked zones. The Act also empowered authorities to confiscate, crush and sell as scrap rickshaws found plying without a licence.With the Supreme Court upholding the February 10, 2010 HC order, the civic body is now left only with the option of imposing a fine of Rs 5 per day and authorities may now find it difficult to deter rickshaws from plying in areas that have been \"no-go\" zone for them.The HC passed the order on a PIL filed by NGO Manushi Sangathan and MCD through counsel Sanjiv Sen challenged the ruling. The NGO's counsel Prashant Bhushan pointed to the ineffectiveness of the 1960 era cap, saying over 6 lakh rickshaws are plying in the city though only 89,000 had licneces. He said no licence had been issued after 2007.Justices Singhvi and Mukhopadhaya came down hard on the targeting of rickshaw-pullers and caustically asked that \"It seems in their (civic agency) wisdom they thought if they can remove rickshaws from the road there will be enough space for cars...what type of laws you make for rickshaw pullers?\"Delhi government's counsel D N Goburdhan was not ready to share the blame and looked to wriggle out of the tricky issue, pleading that its was MCD's job to supervise rickshaws. But, the bench didn't let go, asking \"Do you not frame the Rules and supervise the functioning of the corporation?\"With the escape hatch closed, Goburdhan said: \"We understand what the court is saying. Just because he (rickshaw puller) is weak and meek, it does not mean he has no rights.\" Having drive home the message, the bench asked, \"So why don't you decide it on your own without leaving it to judiciary?\"Telling the civic body to be considerate towards rickshaw-pullers, the bench said, \"They make a living in the Walled Street by pulling rickshaws. Just because he is a rickshaw-puller you allow them (officials) to take such decisions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12510949", "title": "Chaos in ZP as members fight", "text": "AMRAVATI: Utter chaos prevailed in the Amravati Zilla Parishad on Monday when members of Congress, NCP and Shiv Sena exchanged blows. The incident took place during the election of subject committees.Seeing the situation going out of control, the election officer called police, who resorted to lathi-charge. Soon afterwards, party chiefs of Shiv Sena, NCP, BJP and RPI met the collector and demanded action against the cops.The ruckus started when zilla parishad vice-president and BJP office-bearer Jaiprakash Patel, told BJP members - Manohar Sune and Sunil Uike - to sign the whip of the party. But both refused. Enraged with their behaviour, Shiv Sena's Sudhir Suryavanshi and NCP's Shirpal Pal criticized Sune and Uike.Former ZP president Bablu Deshmukh intervened and an heated exchange took place between Deshmukh and Suryavanshi with both hurling expletives at each other. A BJP member who tried to intervene was manhandled by Congress members.This led to the commotion and the events took an ugly turn as Deshmukh and Suryavanshi started exchanging punches. Activists of NCP, BJP and Congress started throwing chairs.Seeing the situation going out of control, the election officer called police, who resorted to lathi-charge. ZP president Surekha Thakre of NCP, BJP, Shiv Sena and BSP members staged a walkout.Thakre said, \"The scuffle was started by Congress members as they used pressure tactics in the hall.\"Bablu Deshmukh of Congress said, \"Whatever happened in the hall was unfortunate, NCP members started it all, we just reciprocated.\"MLA Abhijit Adsul of Shiv Sena, MP Anand Adsul, former MLA Prakash Bharsakle, former MLA Sulbha Khodke, Rajendra Gavai of RPI met the collector and demanded suspension of the cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12511260", "title": "The unfairness of elections", "text": "PANAJI: Can an election ever throw up the right candidate? Or to put it more moderately, is an election the mechanism best suited to throw up representatives that will strive to work for their constituents and attempt to better their life? Are there in-built into the electoral process a set of imperatives that help pre-determine one kind of outcome irrespective of the quality of the candidates?It would seem that what it takes to win an election is not only very different from what it takes to govern, but might well be at odds with the idea of providing governance. The privileging of representativeness in our democracy, with an emphasis on caste and religion, has meant that electable candidates are chosen with a view to who has the biggest electoral draw in terms representing the interests of a community rather than select those that have a view on issues of policy or administration. At one level, democracy does not require its practitioners to come equipped with a track record and representativeness is perhaps the most vital element in the idea of democracy. But over a period of time, what representativeness has come to mean is identity rather than action; the leader resembles his or her constituents, speaks for them and on the occasion that he or she acts on their behalf, it is often through the same narrow lens of community. Under these circumstances, the election abets the process of weeding out those that see their role in more secular terms and focuses its attention narrowly on those with more sectarian agendas.Winning elections requires a peculiar kind of caste and community arithmetic, multiplied by financial resources and propped up by on-ground muscle. The reason why the incidence of criminality in politics has been such a visible presence is partly due to the fact there are great similarities between the two skill sets. It is easier for a local tough to become a politician than it is for a local schoolteacher, to use a crude stereotype, not only because it easier for the former to mobilize resources and numbers far more easily but also because the electorate sees more advantages in being represented by someone who can thump the table on their behalf rather than someone who is not seen to have a realistic chance of winning.The prospect of winnability makes unsuitable choices rational, for it is seen to be smarter to align with those that could win rather than root for those that might act on one's behalf much more usefully if elected, but are seen with little real chance of doing so. Money is the other reason why only those that already have the ability or are able to generate it, are found suitable to be offered as candidates. The political system wards off change at the point of entry itself, by making the entry level conditions unsuitable for anyone but those that toe the existing line and play by the rules already laid down.The election requires that a large number of people exercise their preference for one candidate over the others on the basis of some knowledge and familiarity with the individual's previous track record, the party that he or she represents, the promises made, and the overall feeling of empathy and trust generated by the individual.Given the sizes of constituencies and the scale of the geographies involved, it is difficult for someone who is already not a visible presence in at least part of the constituency to mobilize adequate support. Chances are that the choices will veer towards those that already enjoy a measure of prominence and power in the area---superannuated student leaders, local toughs, successful lawyers, families of politicians, wealthy landlords, caste and community leaders and the like.The underlying assumption of elections is that every individual takes a personal decision, on the basis of the inputs received, to choose the person deemed suitable to represent his or her interests. The truth is in the Indian social construct, the individual does not necessarily act as a singular entity and is often inclined to act as part of a larger collective. This is true not only of elections, but of many other walks of life. The election is in some ways almost asking for people to find their own appropriate collective and to cobble together enough numbers so as to increase the bargaining power at their disposal. It is rational to do so, for otherwise every individual feels virtually no ability to influence the outcome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12511102", "title": "Coastal Andhra Pradesh pampered with funds", "text": "HYDERABAD: Lack of development in the region is the main grouse of the pro-Telangana campaigners, but for chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, coastal Andhra is the darling with a large chunk of welfare funds going to the region.Of the Rs 280 crore disbursed under the CM's special fund for welfare activities in the 2011-12 fiscal, a neat Rs 118 crore has gone to MLAs from coastal districts. While the Telangana region received Rs 89 crore, Rayalaseema has to make do with Rs 77 crore.These details have been obtained by a city-based activist under the Right to Information Act on the allocation of CM's special fund for welfare. Curiously, it is the prosperous West Godavari district which was the single-biggest recipient of grants with Rs 40 crore, for execution of development work. The CM's district, Chittoor, received the second-highest allotment, of about Rs 31 crore.Unsurprisingly, TRS leaders who have been agitating for the separate statehood cause were extended zero assistance from the fund. Of the total of 64 allotments done, 59 were for Congress MLA's whereas all that TDP could manage was 2 allotments cumulatively worth a meagre Rs 3 crore.Rakesh Reddy Dubbudu, the person who had filed the query, said: \"I wanted to know how these funds were being allocated and to whom. Upon getting the data, I realised that the whole fund is at the discretion of one person, the chief minister.\"He added that funds were being blatantly misused to secure the party's future with most allotments done in favour of Congress MLAs.\"There are many constituencies that have MLAs from other parties. If the allocations continue in this vein, then all these constituencies will be deprived of funds,\" he said.The development fund's upper limit is Rs 400 crores. The application was filed on February 13 and reply was given on March 12 by the state government's department of planning.Of the 280 crore disbursed under the CM's special fund for welfare activities in the 2011-12 fiscal, 118 crore has gone to MLAs from coastal districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12516366", "title": "Kolkata auto drivers' agitation leads to traffic chaos, several routes blocked", "text": "KOLKATA: Traffic in Kolkata was a mess on Tuesday after auto owners and drivers put blockades at different important intersections of the city and its fringes.The updated police report says that at least eight important roads are blocked since morning due to the agitation.Since Monday, hundreds of auto divers and owners descended on the roads in protest of the excessive hike in LPG price. \"In the past one year LPG is Rs 20 costlier than before,\" said Mohammad Usuf, an auto driver.The auto drivers allege that despite regular hike in fuel price, they are unable to hike fares as it would hit passenger's interest.On Monday autos were off the road on nine crucial routes.Since Tuesday morning, the number of missing autos turned double leaving commuters stranded. The agitators turned violent in some places and even ransacked a bus at Ultodanga crossing.Senior cops are out on the roads to tackle the situation but the agitation is spreading.Autos are considered as one of the main alternatives of mass transport in the city. More than 30,000 autos ply across the city and the number goes beyond 50000 if the count also includes the fringes where these three wheelers are the most convenient mode of transport for short destinations.The auto drivers have also raised their voice against the cops. \"They are not allowing us more than four passengers. With the increasing fuel price how can we survive?\" said Janardan Mridha, an auto driver at Rasbehari crossing.\"Police are resisting us to take more than four passengers. Then why are buses allowed to ply overcrowded with standing passengers?\" another auto driver asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12513365", "title": "Whitewashing of frescos to go on", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Whitewashing of frescos at the Mata Mansa Devi temple Panchkula will continue. Convinced by submissions of Haryana government that it is 'restoration work' and not whitewashing, the Punjab and Haryana high court dismissed as withdrawn the PIL filed by Ranjan Lakhanpal on the issue on Monday. The petition was filed on the basis of a series of reports carried in The Times of India, highlighting how heritage was being whitewashed by officials of Shri Mata Mansa Devi Shrine Board ( SMMDSB) in Panchkula.When the matter came up for hearing before the high court, chief executive officer (CEO) of shrine board D P Dattana submitted that paintings of Ramayana and Mahabharata, on the Gardana of inside parikarma of the temple, were intact and preserved in their original form.\"The leaves and flowers on the outside parikarma of the temple were restored to their original glory. No floral pattern was made on hypothetical grounds,\" the CEO submitted.He added that restoration work is being executed by Kriti Sapandan, under the supervision and control of an committee, comprising experts like Rashmi Ghosh. And the restoration is being checked periodically by experts from state's department of archaeology and archives.\"Work or restoration was allotted after clearance from different expert agencies, and no frescos or wall painting has been destroyed by the board,\" he submitted.Apparently convinced with the reply filed by SMMDBD, division bench headed by Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi vacated the stay, paving the way for restoration work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12513215", "title": "Grass with Bapu\u2019s blood for sale", "text": "LONDON: Grass with a drop of Mahatma Gandhi's blood and soil from the place where he was assassinated in 1948 in New Delhi are among rare items to be put up for auction in the UK on April 17. Other items include a pair of Gandhi's round-rimmed glasses, 'charkha', a 10 inch 78rpm Columbia disc of Gandhi giving his spiritual message signed by him, and original photographs of Gandhi visiting London in 1931.The items, along with letters in English by Gandhi to Raghavan, Sgt NER Poduwal in Rangoon , and letters by Gandhi in Gujarati and a prayer book in Gujarati are expected to fetch nearly 100,000 in the auction conducted by auctioneer Mullock's in Shropshire.The highest guide price - 10,000 to 15,000 - has been set by the auctioneer for three items in the collection: the pair of glasses, 'charkha' and a casket containing the soil and blades of grass from the spot where Gandhi was killed in New Delhi.The soil and blades of grass were collected by one P P Nambiar, who describes the samples in a provenance, and are placed in a small wooden casket containing a small glass topped box.The description of the item says: \"The casket comes with a letter of provenance by P P Nambiar dated September 24th, 1996 saying that the recipient..has today received the most sacred of all relics a fraction of the pinch of soil I collected on January 30, 1948 from the spot where the Father of our nation M K Gandhi fell to the bullets of his assassin.\"Mullock's says that The item is also accompanied by a copy of 'True but never heard before' by P P Nambiar, which is a personal account of collecting the soil sample on the day Gandhi was murdered.It quotes Nambiar's words...\"in my search I found a drop of blood on the grass almost dried\".\"I cut the grass and also took two pinches of soil from the brink of the pothole which I wrapped in a piece of Hindi newspaper found nearby. This is in my box even today. I keep it in a jewellery box brought by me from Indo-China in a later year. To me it is a treasure of immense sentimental value.\"Gandhi's glasses under auction were bought in London around 1890 when he studied Law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mysore/bangalore", "code": "12512756", "title": "Infosys guesthouse case closed", "text": "MYSORE/BANGALORE: The controversy surrounding Mysore facility of Infosys, accused of using its guest accommodation for commercial gain, has ended, with the commercial taxes department treating the case as closed.Questioned by the commercial taxes department, the IT giant denied it used the property for commercial gain. The department was looking to levy luxury tax, after it received complaints that Infosys was earning revenue by letting out its guesthouse to outsiders. Infosys has 10,112 rooms at its guesthouse, where its trainees are accommodated.The department issued a notice under the Luxury Tax Act on February 29, and Infosys replied on March 27, stating that it is \"not into the business of renting out its property\", a source quoted from the reply. \"Since Infosys said it is not the case, the department is taking the reply at its face value and treating the case as closed,\" the source explained. The reply was forwarded to commercial taxes commissioner Pradeep Singh Karola.However, the company does collect 'maintenance charges' of Rs 3,750 and Rs 3,000 per month (double bedroom and single bedroom) from the trainees. Luxury tax can be levied on two counts - if the facility is available to the public, and if the rent is over Rs 499. In case delegates of the space conference organized by Indian Space Research Organization in July were charged by Infosys, we'll initiate action, a senior official stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12512867", "title": "Education consultants make hay in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: The overseas education consultants in the city are witnessing an increase in enquiries from prospective students, with the last date for September intake for foreign universities and colleges closing soon. United Kingdom , that was once the most preferred education destination from Kerala has made way for New Zealand, Canada and Australia, which have become favourites.Along with this, institutes in the city which give IELTS and TOEFL training are also seeing an increase in student numbers, who are aiming to qualify for September and February admissions.Talking to TOI, Molly Mathew, a homemaker from Kottayam said that she was preparing for the journey of her son Rahul Itty Mathew who had applied for an MBA programme in Canada.\"Though he is 22 years old, like any other parents we were initially opposed to the idea of sending him to Canada due to safety concerns. But a chance meeting with an immigration expert during an education expo changed our outlook. Later when we got in touch with an education consultancy in the city they assured us about the on-campus official for international students who will address the issues of the students during the entire academic period,\" Molly said.While intakes are more for New Zealand and Canada, with Australia close on the heels, the appeal for UK has not yet worn out. But the fact that UK is not generous like others in matters of stay back period makes the other three nations attractive. The preferred courses for Kerala students are nursing, dental courses, MBA, media studies and social work.A senior staff member of Santa Monica, an immigration consultancy in Kochi, said that most of the parents were enthusiastic to send the kids because of the immigration possibilities available in the country.\"As many as 50 enquiries come every day regarding educational options in these countries. Considering the stay back option, immigration possibility, low crime rate and availability of numerous courses, New Zealand and Canada has transformed into the most desired destination for students in Kerala. Till March 2012, we have made over 50 admissions for the September and February academic period for Canada, New Zealand, UK, Singapore and Australia,\" the employee said.Global educational consultants in the city pointed out that the presence of community colleges that were ready to accept students who had scored average marks was also an attractive factor. Earlier UK and Australia topped the list of preferred educational destinations, but the tide was definitely changing in favour of Canada and New Zealand, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12513159", "title": "No headway yet in serial attacks case", "text": "LUCKNOW: The police are yet to make a breakthrough into the serial attack on five persons in the city on Friday. Even though many teams have been formed to trace the miscreants, the police have not made any headway.On Friday night, at least five persons were stabbed in separate incidents within an hour by unidentified persons riding a motorcycle under Ghazipur and Gomtinagar police stations.DIG Ashutosh Pandey has formed various teams to crack the case. Besides, the DIG camp office's surveillance cell has also been pressed into service.Police though suspect the involvement of a single individual in the five attacks. Police also suspect the accused to be of unstable mind and believe the attacks were committed without any motive or provocation.Policemen in plain clothes have been directed to look for the culprit in the possible hideouts. A section of cops believe that such an act can only be the work of people who are either drug addicts or are in the habit of taking heavy doses of sedatives.It is on the basis of such information that police teams are focusing on such youths and the areas where they can be found. Some of the areas where search has been launched include Indiranagar, Jugauli near Nehru Enclave and a few localities in Chinhat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12511240", "title": "MPT's exports to get bigger boost", "text": "Panaji: The notification for import of pharmaceutical products to the Mormugao Port Trust (MPT) is likely to be issued within the next two weeks, disclosed MPT chairman M Pandiyan.He was speaking as the chief guest at the annual general body meeting (AGM) of the Goa Pharmaceutical Manufacturers' Association (GPMA).The notification for pharma exports from MPT was issued last year and will enable the import of raw materials for manufacture of pharmaceuticals in Goa.Arun Naik, ex-president of GPMA, told TOI \"the import notification will help boost exports as the frequency of vessels coming to MPT will increase\".The new executive committee of the GPMA which was chosen at the AGM will be headed by A K Burman.In his address, Naik said, \"Goa produces 8-10% of Indian pharmaceutical production today.\" He felt the pharmaceutical sector in the state could try to double production from 6,500 to 13,000 crore. Of the current production, exports form 4,500 crore.\"The pharmaceutical industry is non-polluting and free of illegalities. There is a lot of scope for growth. If some more units come, it will help in solving the unemployment problem,\" he noted. \"I am sure more investment will come in,\" said Naik, while adding that land needs to be made available for the pharma sector's expansion in the state.He, however, expressed dismay that pharmacy graduate girls were reluctant to join pharmaceutical units and linked this to safety concerns among parents due to the night shifts. Burman felt the safety fears could be addressed if a women's hostel was put in place near the pharma units.Power and water are in short supply in the state and this could hinder the sector's growth, felt Burman.Pandiyan admitted a number of hurdles had to be overcome for issue of the import notification. \"It is very difficult to move the bureaucracy in the country,\" he said.The MPT chairman requested the pharmaceutical companies to construct a few toilets for girls in schools as part of their corporate social responsibility.Salim Veljee, director of FDA who was the guest of honour, disclosed that an online registration and license renewal system for the pharmaceutical units was likely to be put in place.Gpresident Manguirish Pai Raikar, former president Cesar Menezes, N Bandekar, industrialist and patron of the pharmacy college at Ponda, were among those also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12512172", "title": "TMC, Congress men in college bodies: Bratya", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government had promised to do away with \"dalatantra\" after Trinamool Congress came to power last year. But it seems \"dalalantra\" is making a back-door entry into the education system in the state. On Monday, education minister told the assembly that representatives nominated in 41 college governing bodies are either from Trinamool or Congress and there's none from the Left Front.SUCI(C) MLA Tarun Naskar asked Basu in the assembly whether MLAs were part of college government bodies. To this, the minister replied in the positive. When Naskar wanted to know the number of such colleges, Basu said MLAs are there in 41 governing bodies of the state's 600 colleges.At this, RSP MLA Subhas Naskar prodded Basu whether any Left Front MLAs were part of such bodies. \"None applied to me,\" Basu replied. Naskar thus enquired, \"Did the Trinamool MLAs apply then?\" He later added it was nothing but a measure to allow only Trinamool legislators to be part of these bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12511690", "title": "15 public service centres set up", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ahmedabad collectorate office has started as many as 15 Jan Seva Kendras (public redressal centres) in various parts of the city, a move aimed to decentralize the collector office functioning.Moreover, Ahmedabad will be divided into two parts - city and new city. The move has been necessitated considering that the population has touched nearly 60 lakhs.People can solve their problems related to revenue department, land, creamy layer certificate, income certificate and others at these centres in much lesser time and that too in their own areas. All the necessary documents that people apply for will be made available in a fixed time frame.The centres have been made operational at Acher, Wadaj, Mithakhali, Kochrab, Paldi, Vasna, Behrampura, Dani Limda, Dariyapur, Asarwa, Naroda and Shaherkotda.The centres will also have a special cell to assist people in registering their names in electoral rolls for the upcoming assembly elections. All the necessary forms required for various works will be available at these centres.Collector Vijay Nehra said that this is the first time that such a system has been put in place in the state. Two talatis will be appointed at each centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12510708", "title": "US welcomes Myanmar vote, seeks more political reform", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US on Monday congratulated the people of Myanmar and democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi on the strong showing in the landmark parliamentary polls as underlined the need for more political reforms in the country.Secretary of state Hillary Clinton expressed satisfaction over the elections.\"The United States congratulates the people who participated, many for the first time, in the campaign and election process,\" Clinton said from Turkey.She said the US was committed to supporting reform efforts in the Southeast Asian nation.\"Going forward, it will be critical for authorities to continue working toward an electoral system that meets international standards, that includes transparency, and expeditiously addresses concerns about intimidation and irregularities,\" she said.In Washington, White House press secretary Jay Carney said the election \"is an important step\" in the democratic transformation in the country.\"We hope it is an indication\" that the government \"intends to continue along the path of greater openness, transparency, and reform,\" he said.He congratulate the people and National League for Democracy leader Suu Kyi \"on their strong showing in the polls\".Clinton noted that it was too early to predict whether the progress made in recent months will be sustained. Clinton said there are no guarantees about what lies ahead for the people in the country.Democratic Party leader and former Speaker of US House of Representatives, Nancy Pelosi, said the election of Suu Kyi is a step forward on the path towards a brighter future for the people.\"While there are credible reports that these parliamentary elections were neither free nor fair, they are notable due to the participation of the popular, pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi and the National League for Democracy party,\" she said.She said the transformation of Suu Kyi's status from a political prisoner to a member of parliament can be \"a historic turning point for the country\".She said it is essential that Myanamar build upon the momentum for reform by releasing the remaining political prisoners, ending the restrictions on media and the Internet, and ending the violence in ethnic minority areas and pursuing reconciliation with those communities.Noting that Suu Kyi has inspired the world in the fight for the freedom for her people, Pelosi said the US Congress will soon award her the Congressional Gold Medal for \"her courageous and unwavering commitment to peace, nonviolence, human rights, and democracy\" in the country.Myanmar election officials confirmed today that Suu Kyi's opposition party had won a landslide victory in the historic byelections.The Nobel Peace laureate will take public office for the first time and lead the small bloc of lawmakers from the NLD in parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12512608", "title": "For a disease-free summer, change your lifestyle", "text": "KOCHI: With the summer in full swing, alternative medical branches are focusing on preventive strategies to ensure that the heat does not become a health hazard. Instead of giving prominence to treatment, both homeo and Ayurveda systems of medicine are highlighting the need to bring in changes to lifestyle to suit the season to prevent diseases.For summer-related health problems like chicken pox, measles, mumps and various kinds of fever, these medical branches advise people to change their diet and daily routine to ensure that heat does not affect the body. \"It is ideal to remain a vegetarian during summer. One should avoid oily and spicy food.What we eat should be easy to digest,\" said Dr N Ambika, district medical officer for indigenous medicine.One should eat enough curd, vegetables and fruits to keep the body hydrated, and also bathe twice daily, she says. \"Instead of fruit juices or synthetic drinks, have plenty of coconut and tender coconut water, and wash your face with it. Apply medicated oils like 'naalpamaradi' and 'eladi' on the body to keep the heat away,\" says Dr Ambika.Ayurveda also cautions against eye infections, urinary infections, body rashes and fever. But instead of depending on medicinesto treat these health issues, lifestyle should be modified, says this ancient branch of medicine.Homeo also focuses on preventive measures to keep diseases like chicken pox at bay. Though not very harmful to children, chicken pox can be fatal in adults. So homeo advises taking its preventive medicines.\"When a case of chicken pox is reported, others in the family and those vulnerable to be affected should take the medicine for a week. It is safe and has no side effects, so it can be taken as a precautionary measure. It will boost immunity and provide protection the whole summer,\" says V N Raju, district medical officer, homeo.Preventive medicines are freely available at all the 53 homeo dispensaries, 29 NRHM clinics and three hospitals in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12512724", "title": "Judicial officers transferred", "text": "KANPUR: Several judicial officers of Kanpur have been transferred to other districts by the Allahabad High Court through a notification under its annual transfer policy.In all as many as 680 judicial officials have been transferred to other districts all over the state. The administrative committee headed by Chief Justice Rafat Alam finalized and released the list of transferred judicial officials, including additional district and session judges, civil judge senior division and chief judicial magistrates. According to list, two additional district and sessions judges of Kanpur were among the judicial officers transferred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12511949", "title": "CBI to file 7 chargesheets against Jagan this month", "text": "HYDERABAD: With a belligerent YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy daring the CBI to arrest him, the investigation agency appears to have changed tack. It now wants to tighten the noose around him by filing seven more supplementary chargesheets in the assets case in April. The first of this can happen today. The main chargesheet was filed by the CBI in the assets case on March 31, the day the 90-day deadline for doing the same after the first arrest in the case ended.CBI sources said the change in strategy was due to apprehensions that Jagan supporters could trigger trouble in case their chief was arrested. \"Instead, our plan now is to name him as accused number one in a series of chargesheets beginning with one on Tuesday. After filing a total of at least 8 chargesheets by the end of April, we hope CBI special judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma will take cognizance. We will request the special court to take a decision on Jagan's arrest,\" the sources told TOI.However, some in the legal circles are of the view that the CBI has developed cold feet. \"It is the investigating and prosecuting agency. It is the job of the CBI to arrest the accused and prove the charges before the court. Only in Jagan's case, the CBI seems to want the trial court to take the lead and wanting directions of the court,\" remarked a legal expert. As reported by this paper earlier, three previous attempts by CBI to nab Jagan had been in vain.According to the sources, IB has warned of threats to CBI joint director VV Lakshminarayana, and his immediate family members from YSR Congress supporters soon after the chargesheet in the assets case was filed last Saturday. \"It was in this context that the CBI JD's security was raised to Y category. There is no specific threat against Lakshminarayana,\" they added.The CBI also appears to be banking on the Enforcement Directorate (ED) to provide it logistic support in pursuing the case against Jagan. Sources said that the two ED teams that visited Mauritius , Switzerland , Isle of Man, Singapore , Malaysia and British Virgin islands have gathered clinching evidence of money-laundering by the companies named in the case. \"By April end, the ED will issue summons to Jagan and his associates to appear before the agency to explain the money laundering issues in the investments made in the firms floated by the YSR son,\" said the sources.The CBI is hoping that by the time the ED begins quizzing Jagan on the money-laundering aspect of the scam by this month-end, it would have filed the necessary supplementary chargesheets. \"All this could either prompt the trial court to issue a warrant for Jagan's arrest or force the accused number one to surrender before the authorities,\" said the sources. The CBI's contention for such a line of thought is that it was the court that had directed the agency to probe the Jagan assets case, as it did in the Emaar case.Meanwhile, Jagan continued with his Odarpu Yatra in West Godavari district on Monday. He toured Narsapuram earlier in the day before leaving for Polavaram. Incidentally, Narsapuram and Polavaram are among the 18 assembly seats where bypolls are due to take place.Supreme Court denies bail to SrilakshmiIn a setback to IAS officer Y Srilakshmi, allegedly involved in the Obulapuram mining scam along with Karnataka's Gali brothers, the Supreme Court on Monday refused to grant her bail. A bench of justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad asked Srilakshmi to approach the special CBI judge in Hyderabad, dealing with the case, for bail. The apex court said it was not inclined to grant her any relief at this stage as the CBI had filed its supplementary chargesheet and it would be appropriate if the officer makes a fresh bail plea before the court concerned.Srilakshmi had moved the apex court challenging the AP high court order cancelling her bail, granted by the special CBI judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511991", "title": "CERC tightens grid frequency", "text": "NEW DELHI: Power companies in the city will now find it difficult to arrange for power supply. From Monday, the frequency band of the Northern Grid has been tightened to 49.7Hz to 50.5Hz. This will make dependence on the Grid for meeting peak load an expensive proposition. Central Electricity Regulatory Commission ( CERC) has done this mainly to increasegrid security and encourage discoms to look at other options for arranging power supply. There have been several instances of grid indiscipline in the past with states continuing to overdraw despite low frequency.With the new regulations in force, city discoms are exploring all options to ensure they are able to meet the peak summer demand. Power sector officials said the only way discoms can provide smooth power supply is by contracting assured agreements in the organized market.Power sector officials said in the coming months, accurate weather forecast was essential for estimating the city's power consumption. Accordingly, they can purchase power. While discoms are anticipating a peak demand of 5,400MW in summer, sudden changes in temperature can still catch them by surprise. Discoms BSES Rajdhani and BSES Yamuna have, therefore, tied up with IIT Kanpur to help in weather forecasting. A new load forecasting tool will help power companies match the power demand. \"The load forecasting tool will tell us the kind of load expected the following day. This software gives us an idea of the power demand expected during the next seven days. Predictions for the first few days are 98% accurate. This will prevent shortfall,'' said a senior BSES Rajdhani official.The software tool has been fed previous data, including demand met in the past years. It makes a forecast by analyzing the data and studying the pattern of power consumption in the corresponding period in the previous years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12510976", "title": "BEML chief may face CBI heat for Tatra fiddle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bharat Earth Movers Limited (BEML) chairman V R S Natarajan may himself face some heat during the ongoing CBI probe into the functioning of the defence PSU of which he has been the chief for a decade.\"Defence minister, on February 21, had accorded his sanction for CBI investigation into the BEML's functioning after allegations of financial fudging, among other things. The role of top officials will obviously be under the scanner,\" said an official.The CBI is already conducting \"a comprehensive inquiry\" into the Rs 14-crore bribe offered to Army chief Gen V K Singh allegedly by retired Defence Intelligence Agency chief Lt-Gen Tejinder Singh in 2010 to clear another tranche of 600 \"sub-standard\" Tatra vehicles supplied by BEML in collaboration with Tatra Sipox of the UK .Over the last 26 years, the armed forces have inducted 7,000 Tatra heavy-duty vehicles, which Natarajan maintains are unmatched in technical capabilities, through a BEML tie-up first with Czech firm Omnipol and then Tatra Sipox of UK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12513086", "title": "\u2018$5 for evaluation? Keep it\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an embarrassment to Panjab University, foreign scholars evaluating PhD thesis of PU students have been returning the meagre remuneration they get for their service as \"donation\" to the varsity. The proposal to \"hike\" the current fees of Rs 1,300 to Rs 1,500 also kicked up a debate in the senate meeting on Saturday with PU teachers terming it \"insufficient.\"Till some years ago, the evaluation fee for examining research work was Rs 250 amounting to $5, which was later hiked to Rs 1,300. Teachers cited the example of a scientist from Lakehead University, Ontario, Canada, who sent a 25-page detailed report on a PhD student's research work and with it the cheque of $5 as \"donation\" from his end to PU.As PU teachers debated the issue of \"meagre hike remuneration\", a committee was constituted to reconsider this fee. Names of the committee members will be announced by the vice-chancellor's office.In academic sessions 2010-11 and 2011-12, more than 500 students were officially enrolled for research work across all departments and centres in PU. Several more complete their research work and submit thesis each year, which are then sent for comments from experts, including foreign scholars.S K Sharma, professor emeritus and PU senate member, said there is dire need to increase the fee for foreign evaluators. \"Thesis of one of my students was also sent to a university abroad for evaluation. The scientist gave a detailed feedback with page-wise corrections and a lengthy report on his comments, he refused to accept the petty remuneration,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12512798", "title": "Kochi Corporation steering panel to prioritize projects", "text": "KOCHI: Now that the budget has been presented, it is time for the Kochi Corporation to set its priorities and start working on them. If one were to go by the version of the local body, the Corporation Steering Committee will soon decide on the projects that have to be taken up on a war footing.Deputy mayor B Bhadra said the Steering Committee meeting would be held on April 9 to list out the future course of action. \"Projects will be implemented based on the list of priorities,\" she said.The Corporation, in the meanwhile, will focus on completing the projects it has already undertaken. This includes cleaning cannels and drains before the monsoon. Apart from cleaning the major canals, the pre-monsoon cleaning will also include branch canals and drains.\"Desilting of various branch canals and drains has already begun. The construction of new drains in different parts of the city is nearing completion,\" said Soumini Jain, chairperson, works committee. She said the works were being undertaken using plan funds and that there was no spill-over work from the previous year.The local body will constitute emergency squads to look into sudden flooding and clogging of canals. A squad will monitor at least three divisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12513376", "title": "Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation demands revision in toll rates for short distance trips", "text": "PUNE: Plying buses from Pune to Nasrapur and Bhor, located off the Pune-Satara highway, is turning out to be a costly affair for the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) as nearly 40% of the total revenue generated by these trips is used for paying toll at the Khed Shivapur toll plaza.What has agitated the MSRTC officials further is that they are forced to shell out the full amount of toll for the 65 km-long highway section from the toll post to Satara when the ST buses use just 10 km of the highway stretch, before taking a diversion towards Nasarapur and Bhor.\"We run as many as 150 bus trips to these two destinations every day, 110 to Bhor and 40 to Velha-Nasrapur. On an average the ticket collection from one bus trip from Swargate to Bhor is around Rs 1,000, but we end up paying Rs 355 towards toll. If this continues these short distance bus routes will soon turn into loss making routes,\" a senior MSRTC official said.The official further pointed out that all these buses travel for a maximum of 6-10 km on the Pune-Bangalore highway, but pay Rs 355 (return toll) for every trip. \"If our buses are not using the highway for more than 10 km, why we are forced to pay toll for the full 50 km? It is a ST bus going to a specific destination and unlike private vehicles we have to use the highway section everyday. Hence, at least for the ST buses the toll charge should be according to the road length used.\"Sources from MSRTC said that the toll has been increased in the last couple of years. Earlier there was a flat toll of Rs 50, which has now shot up to Rs 355 per return trip. At times, the earning from a trip is so less that the conductor and driver find it difficult to pay the toll.The MSRTC said that being a government service it cannot cut short the existing bus trips. There are students, government officials and monthly pass holders who avail these bus services every day. Thus, stopping of bus services would hamper them.The MSRTC has written a letter to the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) with a request to reduce the toll. \"We are in communication with the NHAI for the last six months. However, things have hardly moved ahead,\" said an official.Besides the short distance route, there are about 1,000 buses traveling daily on Pune-Satara-Pune route, and paying toll at Khed Shivapur and Anewadi toll plazas.New toll rates for Pune-Satara highwayAll the vehicles including private, commercial and government-run ST buses traveling on Pune-Bangalore highway will have to shell out more money at Khed Shivapur (near Pune) and Anewadi ( near Satara) toll plazas from April following a revision of rates. The cars and jeeps will have to pay Rs 70 (old rate Rs 65), while for trucks and buses the toll is revised to Rs 240 (old rate Rs 225) at Khed Shivapur toll plaza (near Pune). While, at Anewadi toll plaza (near Satara) the cars and jeeps will have to pay Rs 50 (old rate Rs 45), while trucks and buses will be paying Rs 165 (old rates Rs 155).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12512736", "title": "Duty evasion worth Rs 10cr recovered from erring manufacturers", "text": "INDORE: The central excise department has recovered over Rs 10 crore from erring traders and manufacturers who evaded excise duty during the current year.The department has booked manufacturers of iron &amp; steel products, aluminium profiles, pesticides, machineries, mehandi, transformers among others who were evading duty.During past few years, Indore has emerged as a major hub for confectionery manufacturing and there has been cases of evasion of central excise duty. Now the central excise department has prepared a road map to plug evasion in this area and to take stringent measures against non-compliant manufacturers.Search operations were carried out on March 6 covering certain confectionery manufacturers at Sanver Road Industrial Area and Palda Industrial Area and many other premises of suppliers of raw materials and packing materials. The searches resulted in recovery of many documents indicating massive evasion of central excise duty by these manufacturers.The entire operations were carried out in a planned manner under the guidance of S K S Somvanshi, chief commissioner, Bhopal Zone, RD Negi, commissioner, Indore and overall supervision of Harbir, additional commissioner (preventive) involving more than 70 officers of the department.In a major breakthrough, the department has unearthed evasion of central excise duty against Asha Confectionery, Asha Food Products and ADR Foods. All these manufacturing units are situated in Sanver Road Industrial area and mastermind behind all these units has been one Deepak Dariyani.The preliminary investigations have so far revealed that the said units have cleared confectionery like deposited candies, butter toffees, chocolates and other sugar confectionery worth more than Rs 20 crore without accounting for such transactions in official books of accounts. In case of Asha Confectionery and others it was noticed that the units had been manufacturing confectionery bearing brand names of other parties and accordingly they were not entitled to any exemption.During investigations, Deepak Dariyani has deposited Rs 50 lakh as partial payment of duty evaded. He has also assured to clear all government dues and showed his willingness to deposit the duty liability payable on account of such evasion. The duty liability is expected to go even higher after conclusion of investigation which is under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12513254", "title": "Health department firms up plan to curb female feticide", "text": "JAIPUR: Couples having more than two or three girl child will be under the watchful eyes of the state health department to thwart any female feticide bid. The state government is now fortifying the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostics Act, 1994 (PCPNDT) to curb sex determination and discourage discrimination against girl child.The department is planning to keen an eye on those couples who have no male child and come to sonography centres. \"We have issued directives to diagnostic centres, apart from government hospitals. ANMs have also been told to collect details about such families,\" said an official, who requested anonymity.Health officials are planning to track the history of pregnant women who come to sonography centres after being recommended by doctors to undergo tests for health reasons. \"It would be mandatory for the women coming to health centres to furnish details about their kids in form F,\" an official said.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot has already announced in the budget about formation of a task force to curb female feticide. There will be 120 fresh recruitments for the purpose. Officials said that the new recruits will be assigned the task of coordinating with the existing staff to monitor the identified families.Government has planned to run a van---Hamari Beti Express-in each district from this month. Chairperson of the state PCPNDT, Gayatri Rathore said: \"The vans will go to villages, towns and cities to make people aware about PCPNDT Act and importance of girl child. Also, we have Commonwealth gold medalist Krishna Poonia as brand ambassador, who will assist us in this campaign.\"The 2011 provisional Census had revealed child sex ratio in Rajasthan had declined by 26 points from 909 to 883 between 2001 and 2011. Taking a strong exception to the trend, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had written to chief minister Ashok Gehlot expressing his concern and instructed him to intensify measures to save the girl child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12513181", "title": "Eye-popping cosmetic lenses ride fashion wave", "text": "PUNE: College-going Shania Bhasin looks different every other day, and it is her eyes that make the difference. One day they are turquoise, amethyst later in the week. She uses disposable cosmetic lenses, bought at Rs 200 a pair, as a fashion accessory to enhance her looks.What is a rage in the US, Japan and South Korea, is gaining a loyal following in the city too. \"Most of my friends sport trendy eyewear, be it shades or just plain glasses. Some have taken to coloured lenses. It adds to your attitude. I too love using them. I have four pairs that I use to suit my attire.\"When youngsters spend on clothes, skin and hair care, eyes cannot be far behind. \"It's all about style. Eyes are the most important part of the face and any person would notice them first,\" she added.Bhasin saw her cousin from the US wearing them on her visit to the city last year and was hooked. \"I saw her friends on Facebook sporting such lenses. I asked my cousin to get me a pair so that I could try them.\"Aaliyah Mehendale said wearing the cosmetic lenses was all about style. \"I don't want to appear uncool to my friends. Such lenses add to the style statement,\" she said.From hazel to chestnut brown, to honey and sapphire, even jade and fiery red, the lenses come in several colours and are available at leading eyewear stores. Fahim Shaikh, manager at a multi-brand eyewear store on M G Road, was sceptical when he got a consignment of cosmetic lenses two years ago.\"I did not think it would sell. Now, the clientele has quadrupled. I sell about half a dozen in a week. My customers are women. Only a few shades of brown or grey sell with men,\" he said.Shaikh said cheaper lenses could be bought online. \"Most are manufactured in the Asian sub-continent, but not all can be safe. Cheap lenses will lead to visits to the doctor later on.\"Chief medical officer of HV Desai Hospital Col (retd) Madan Deshpande advises caution. \"Using coloured lenses can be harmful. There are dos and don'ts, which, if not followed, can lead to serious eye infections. One needs to clean lenses properly and only a doctor can tell you the right procedure,\" he said.By 2015, eyewear will be a Rs 430-bn industryPune: Rising per-capita income and growing awareness is turning eyewear into a fashion accessory and a lifestyle product.Both could make the Indian eyewear industry a Rs 430-billion market by 2015, a recent study called 'Indian Optical Sector', by the Associated Chamber of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham), has said.The chamber's secretary-general D S Rawat attributed the growth to long working hours with increased levels of exposure to digital screens adding to the expansion of eyewear trade in India.Children as young as six are wearing spects. Opthalmologist Roopali Nerlikar said four-year-olds come for eye check-ups and are often advised spectacles. \"People are becoming more aware about getting their eyesight checked and this is contributing to a high number of spectacle wearers,\" she added.Fahim Shaikh, manager at a multi-brand eyewear store in M G Road, said sales have shot up over the last few years. \"People are becoming more fashion conscious, hence the increased sales of sunglasses. People visiting my shop for regular spectacles has almost tripled.\"Understanding the business of fashion, eyewear brands have come up with kiddie goggles upwards of Rs 450. Anuj Rao (8) said he had three pairs of sunglasses. \"I use them when I go out on weekends or vacations. It makes me look smart.\"T K Bhaskar has been wearing glasses since he was 11 years old. But he no longer feels the odd man out amidst friends with stylish eyewear. \"When I began wearing specs, I had only one pair and that too a dull plastic thing. Now, my wardrobe has eight pairs of glasses in different colour schemes and shapes. They make me look cool,\" he said.Wearing glasses is suddenly in vogue. Media student Yasmin Barve said she loved wearing spects. \"I do not have poor eyesight, but I wear them for style. I got the latest horn-rimmed ones and they make a statement,\" she added.Another student Noel Joseph said he had begun wearing spects after he saw a movie. \"It made the hero look suave ,\" he said.Wearing glasses without prescriptions is not harmful, but careful use is a must. \"One should avoid looking at the sun with such glasses,\" eye surgeon Col Madan Deshpande said.Roadside sunglasses are popular, but not worth it. \"Cheap frames are almost always made of plastic and these do not ward off bad rays of the sun. Using such glasses can harm the cornea,\" Deshpande said.Eyecare dos &amp; don'ts* Wash eyes with cold water at an interval of four hours* Place cotton pads soaked in chilled rose water on closed eys for 15 minutes* Place your palms on your eyes and hold them for a minute. Repeat five times* Give your eyes rest every two hours when working on a computer* Avoid watching TV from a close range* Don't read in low light", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12516796", "title": "Roberto Duran bio-pic to begin filming in June", "text": "The film \"Hands of Stone\", which tells the story of former boxing world champion Roberto Duran , will begin filming June 4 in Puerto Rico, one of the production companies said Monday.Rosi Acosta, of KCPR, said that a group of the film's producers is currently in Puerto Rico looking for sites at which to shoot the movie, which stars Gael Garcia Bernal as the Panamanian fighter.Along with Garcia, Acosta said that the cast includes Robert de Niro , who will play the role of Ray Arcel, Duran's trainer, and pop singer Usher as Sugar Ray Leonard.She said that there are still other potential cast members who have yet to confirm that they will be part of the film, including actress Michelle Rodriguez and Puerto Rican rapper Tego Calderon.Acosta said that the film will be made in Puerto Rico because of the \"versatility of locations that allow any Latin American country to be recreated\".She also emphasized that the film project will be reinforced by the incentives offered by the Puerto Rico Film Commission, a state agency.Acosta estimated that the production will provide Puerto Rico with about $16 million in revenues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511864", "title": "Congress plea to the Muslims: Don\u2019t split vote", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fearing a split in the Muslim vote in the civic elections, Congress on Monday appealed to the community to consolidate its vote-bank. The party had suffered in earlier elections when smaller parties and independents ate into the Muslim vote share, leaving Congress candidates high and dry in many wards.Calling the community \"intelligent enough\" to choose the right candidate, state Congress president Jai Prakash Aggarwal said Muslims should vote en bloc or they will be hurting their own interests. Traditionally, such announcements are made by imams of local mosques.\"Muslims should not split their votes and weaken their influence. They are sensible enough to choose their leader. However, they must not allow split in votes,\" he said.In 2007 municipal polls, smaller parties and independents gave a tough fight to Congress by cutting into Muslim votes in minority-dominated areas.In Jama Masjid, Congress candidate H Faizuddin lost to Lok Jan Shakti Party's Khurram Iqbal by 2,000 votes with two independents taking away at least 3,500 votes. It was worse at Ballimaran where Congress lost to BJP by just 600 votes. Here Janata Dal(S)'s Gulistan Shiza bagged at least 2,900 votes. The party faced a similar crisis at Janata colony and Zaffarabad. Of 272 wards, Congress has fielded Muslim candidates on 15 wards, including Jama Masjid, Idgah Road, Nizamuddin, Ballimaran, Tughlakabad Extension, Nehru Vihar and Khajoori Khas.In the list released on Monday, Congress claimed that it is trying to reach out to every caste, community, age-group and social strata. \"We have tried to cover people from all social, economic and religious background,\" said Aggarwal. The party has given 49 tickets to Brahmins, 37 tickets to Jats, 30 to Gujjar and 35 to Punjabis. Another 23 tickets have been given to Vaish community. The Dalits have bagged 50 tickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "12513597", "title": "State\u2019s largest temple bell to chime in Trichy soon", "text": "ERODE: The largest temple bell in the state, weighing more than 1.5 tonnes, will be ready to ring in two months from the premises of Ugrakaliamman Temple at Thennur near Trichy. The brass bell's sound will reportedly be heard within a 20km radius. Over two dozen artisans from Kumbakonam and Thanjavur will work with award winning sculptor L Radhakrishnan in Erode city round the clock to get the bell ready by the last week of May.The wooden mold has already been made and works regarding its replica was completed on Monday. Sculpting of the brass bell will begin on Tuesday. It will be transported to Trichy by the first week of June.According to Radhakrishnan, the bell will be six feet in length and the estimated cost is more than Rs 20 lakh. \"Most temple bells in the state weigh less than a tonne. It has been my long cherished dream to make the state's largest bell,'' says Radhakrishnan, who has made more than 300 huge temple bells so far.His workplace is located inside Edissia Industrial Estate in Kangayam Bypass and residents are starting to trickle in to view the finished clay model. \"Though most temples in Tamil Nadu are located in the Thanjavur-Kumbhakonam belt, the bell manufacturing business has remained in Erode for the last several centuries. However, due to manpower shortage I had to depute artisans from Kumbakonam and Thanjavur,'' says Radhakrishnan. Winner of the National Award for the best sculptor in 2002 and Shilpa Guru Award of Union Government in 2007, Radhakrishnan also won Tamil Nadu state award for sculptor in 1979 and 1981.He won Erode Jaycee's young person award in 1988 and Rashtriya Nirman Rattan Award in 1999. He had also won Gowri Shankar Stapathiyar Award in 1999 and Tamil Nadu Kalainanmani Award in 2002. \"I am very passionate about sculpting temple bells. When the Thennur temple committee approached me with the project, I instantly agreed to do it as they were able to afford the cost,'' says Radhakrishnan, who is also making bronze statues of Radha and Krishna for a Coimbatore temple. \"More than the job satisfaction and the money in it, what motivates me to keep going is my desire to keep the art of sculpting alive,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "12512987", "title": "Lineman injured in tiger attack", "text": "BAHRAICH: A lineman was injured in tiger attack while clearing the signal line at Murtiha railway station under Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuary. He was admitted to railway hospital.Reporteldy Gokul Express down train number 15316 was about to arrive at Murtiha railway station from Mathura. Lineman Rauf Ahmad (56) with his colleague Jagdamba was going to the west end of the railway station to clear the signal.Jagdamba stopped in the midway for some reason while Rauf went ahead meanwhile a tiger came out of the forest and attacked on Rauf.The train also arrived there and the tiger fled to forest after hearing the horn of the train. Assistant station master Noorul Hasan was informed and Rauf was admitted to railway hospital Gonda by Gokul Express. His condition was stated to be serious.Forest ranger of Murtiha range PL Rai said that the attack of tigers was confirmed on the basis of pug marks and the injured Rauf would be provided financial relief by the forest department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12512912", "title": "Children found from train handed over to parents", "text": "VADODARA: The government railway police (GRP) heaved a sigh of relief on Monday when two kids found from a train were handed over to their parents. The kids, both residents of Mumbai, were found by a TTE in Maharashtra-Sampark Kranti Express on Sunday evening. The duo was alone and seemed frightened. When the train stopped at Vadodara railway station, the TTE contacted GRP officials and handed over the kids' custody to them.When GRP questioned the children they claimed that they were kidnapped on Sunday afternoon when they were playing football in Colaba in Mumbai. One of them was identified as Sachin Rathod, a student of fifth standard and another one Lakhan Rathod studies in second stardard. \"The kids told GRP men that about five people lured them to a car and then kidnapped them. The men boarded a local train with the kids. However, at Borivali station, the children managed to escape from the train and boarded Sampark Kranti Express,\" said sources.The GRP immediately sent a message to Mumbai police. Parents of the duo had also contacted the police by Sunday evening. The children were handed over to their fathers on Monday afternoon and they all left for Mumbai soon after.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12512477", "title": "Is Kolkata a safe haven for IM operatives?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigations into the Indian Mujahideen (IM) module operating across the country - 11 of whom has so far been nabbed - has revealed that at least two of them had stayed in Kolkata for some time towards the end of last year when they tried to buy arms from Murshidabad and Malda. However, the deal fell through and the operatives returned empty-handed.Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui - one of those in police net - revealed the facts on IM's Kolkata connections during an interrogation. The cops said that the accused had gone to Kolkata and stayed at several hideouts at Zakaria Street and Metiaburuz. \"They kept changing their hideouts and never stayed at a place beyond three days. IM had set up an arms factory in Delhi as planned by the IM founders - the Bhatkal brothers. They had set up lathe-machines and wanted to acquire some arms from Bengal to either use them or see whether they can match up their quality. Bangladesh still houses modules of the HuJI group, and we are investigating if the IM module was in touch with them,'' said an officer.The claim, which was doing the rounds from December, was confirmed after Siddiqui spelled out the details of the visit recently. However, it is the ease with which terrorists are using the border areas to smuggle fake currency and guns in Bengal that has led security agencies to wonder if some of the fake currency was being directly used to fund terror. Siddiqui was arrested with fake currency with face value of Rs 2 lakh. Pakistani handlers, Aftab Batki and Iqbal Kana (also known as Shahid) are allegedly supervising the siphoning of fake currency into India, Sri Lanka , Bangladesh, Thailand , Dubai , Nepal and several mid-eastern countries, and are close to Dawood Ibrahim . The two routes they use are the Nepal-Bihar and the Bangladesh-West Bengal routes. That local criminals and the floating labour population carried these currencies to terror modules in Bihar and Mumbai has now been established.The special cell has also claimed that they stayed at Zakaria Street as they wanted to stay at close to bus and railway terminals. Now agencies probing the blasts in Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Pune are trying to trace a Kolkata-based IM operative, Abdullah alias Nata. Sources said that in February last year, the intelligence agencies had intercepted some phone calls between some locations in Bengal and Karachi . \"The agencies, through interceptions, came to know that the IM was reportedly recruiting fresh faces from Andhra Pradesh, Bihar and West Bengal ,'' said the source.According to Kolkata Police, Abdullah was recruited by Amir Reza Khan's brother Asif in the late Nineties. After Asif's death, he joined Amir's Asif Reza Commando Force and played an important role in the 2002 USIS attack. Abdullah's name first cropped up during probe into extortion calls made to six Kolkata businessmen in 2010. It was revealed that IM was behind the calls. The NIA believes Abdullah could be operating from Nepal. He last called his home around eight months ago when his father died. But police failed to trace the origin of the call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12513399", "title": "SNBP, Rahatani holds annual sports day", "text": "PUNE: SNBP, Rahatani, celebrated its first annual sports day recently. Principal Bindu Saini presided over the event and inaugurated the sports day, which was held at the school grounds.Various events like the relay race, frog jump race and the duck walk race were organised for pre-primary students. March past, relay races and other physical demonstrations were organised for the primary and secondary sections. The Red House emerged the winner by scoring maximum points and bagged the house trophy for 2011-12.Vishwashanti Gurukul boys excel in sportsVishwashanti Gurukul won the inter-school football and basketball tournament (under-17 boys) which was organised by the Mercedes Benz International School. Apurv Jain of std XII was adjudged the best player of the tournament for basketball.Tree plantation drive heldAngel High School and Junior College, Loni Kalbhor, organised a tree plantation and environmental awareness programme in the school recently. Chairman O P Sharma addressed and motivated the students and said that it was each one's responsibility to save the earth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12513083", "title": "Golf club secy's powers taken away", "text": "LUCKNOW: The committee of the Lucknow Golf Club, on Monday, divested its secretary, Devesh Rastogi of all his powers and stopped him from entering the club till the pending inquiry against him in connection with fund embezzlement is over. The decision was taken during a meeting of the club committee headed by its president and senior IAS officer Navneet Sehgal.When contacted, captain of the club, Adesh Seth confirmed that Rastogi had been asked not to enter the club till the inquiry was over. \"If he is found guilty then the club will be getting an FIR registered against him and ensure that he is punished,'' he said.The powers of the secretary have now been vested with joint secretary-cum-treasurer Rajneesh Sethi. Sethi said that accounts of the club for the past five years will be audited by a chartered accountant who is not the member of the club.Rastogi got embroiled in a controversy after an FIR was lodged against him in connection with swindling Rs 1.8 crores from the coffers of the club and diverting them for his own business. Meanwhile Lucknow police is in the process of procuring documents from the banks which were used by Rastogi for all his transactions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12511724", "title": "ATM cash boy arrested", "text": "Police arrested the cash boy who escaped with Rs 15 lakh, instead of loading it into the ATM at In Orbit mall a few days ago. The Madhapur police said Prabhakar Bonaparte of Indira Nagar, Banjara Hills, was an ATM custodian working for Writer Safe Guard Pvt Ltd. On March 27, Prabhakar had hoodwinked his colleagues, who were accompanying him to load cash at various ATMs in Madhapur, and escaped with Rs 15 lakh cash from the parking lot of In Orbit mall.After getting out of the mall with the cash bag, he took an auto to Kacheguda and stayed for a day at Sri Krishna Inn. He then spent Rs 20,000 of the stolen money to buy two mobile phones. Police recovered Rs 14.5 lakh cash from his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12513104", "title": "Naveen aims to spread wings beyond Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Over one-and-a-half months after reviving the Third Front debate, chief minister and BJD president Naveen Patnaik is seemingly stoking the \"non-UPA, non-NDA\" alternative fire ahead of the proposed CMs' meeting convened by the Centre on the controversial National Counter Terrorism Centre.Union minister of state for rural development and NCP leader Agatha Sangma called on Naveen at the latter's residence, Naveen Niwas, here on Sunday evening, providing grist to political mills. Official sources said Agatha, the daughter of former Lok Sabha Speaker P A Sangma, just made a \"courtesy call\" on the CM. But considering the BJD boss' call on February 15 for an alternative alliance to the \"thoroughly discredited\" and \"scam-ridden\" Congress-led UPA and the \"communally tainted\" BJP-headed NDA, the meeting raised curiosity in political circles.What has added to the speculation is Naveen's expected confabulations with National Conference leader and Union minister for new and renewable energy Farooq Abdullah here on April 4 and with Tamil Nadu CM and AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa in Chennai two days later. Sources said Abduallah is slated to visit Bhubaneswar to attend a programme, but in all probability be going to Naveen Niwas for a meeting with Naveen. The Odisha CM, in turn, is scheduled to fly to Chennai on April 6 to grace a function of an association of Odias there. Jayalalithaa would also be attending the event, sources said.BJD insiders feel Naveen, riding on his successive electoral triumphs in the recent elections to Rajya Sabha and three-tier panchayat bodies as well as the Athagarh byelection, is aiming to spread his wings beyond Odisha with an eye on the 2014 general elections. By already talking about the need for a third alternative, Naveen has apparently made clear his intent. Incidentally, since dumping BJP prior to the 2009 twin elections, BJD has maintained equidistance from UPA and NDA, but had entered into a pre-poll alliance with CPI, CPM and NCP for the 2009 Assembly and Lok Sabha polls kin what was then viewed as an attempt to constitute a non-Congress, non-BJP alternative.During the anti-NCTC campaign spearheaded by Naveen earlier this year, the AIADMK chief had responded to her Odisha counterpart's request and opposed the Union government's move on setting up NCTC. Naveen took exception to a memorandum by the Union home ministry on the organization, function and powers of NCTC constituted in the Intelligence Bureau, saying it infringed on the rights of states and demanded its withdrawal. Ten non-Congress CMs, including West Bengal's Mamata Banerjee (who is an UPA ally) and TDP president Chandrababu Naidu , had toed Naveen's line, forcing the UPA government to defer operationalising NCTC from March 16 and convening a meeting of chief ministers on April 16.In the recent Rajya Sabha polls, Naveen reportedly called veteran BJP leader L K Advani and ensured the saffron party abstained from voting, thereby securing easy victory for BJD-backed Independent A V Swamy. Naveen had also got the NCP to support Swamy after talking to its top leadership, sources said. These developments, BJD sources said, have spurred Naveen to eye the national stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12513012", "title": "Crime branch to probe case against brothel owner", "text": "PUNE: A day after two policemen were arrested for allegedly demanding and accepting a bribe of Rs 40,000 to go soft on a case registered against brothel owner Kalyani Deshpande, the Pune police on Monday transferred the investigation to the crime branch.Bhanupratap Barge of the social security cell of the crime branch will conduct the case against Kalyani.On March 31, the Hinjewadi police had arrested Kalyani under relevant sections of the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act. She had been remanded in police custody and this was extended for another two days on Monday.On Sunday, the state anti-corruption bureau (ACB), had arrested inspector Balasaheb Surve (crime) and head constable Mohammad Hanif Abbas Shaikh of the Hinjewadi police station and another person, Rajesh Marwadikumbhar. They had allegedly demanded the bribe from Kalyani's cousin Jatin Chawda of Sus road, in return for not seeking further extension of Kalyani's police custody.ACB deputy superintendent of police Hemant Bhat produced the trio before the special court and filed a plea to send them to magisterial custody.Defence lawyers Pratap Pardeshi and Sudhir Shah asked that the suspects be released on bail as the policemen would lose their jobs if they were not given a bail. The lawyers submitted that the suspects would not abscond and would co-operate with the ACB whenever they were called upon for questioning.Additional sessions judge S D Tulankar released the suspects after they furnished a personal bond of Rs 30,000 each with solvent surety of the like amount.They were told not to leave the jurisdiction of the court without seeking permission and were warned not to influence the witnesses for the prosecution either directly or indirectly.The trio were directed to give attendance at the ACB twice every Tuesday and Thursday between 11 am and 2 pm till the filing of the chargesheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12512047", "title": "Give natural parents\u2019 name in passport: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: A person who has adopted parents should disclose names of the biological parents for seeking passport, the Delhi high court has said. Only if the adoption has been legally recognized can the names of adopted parents be used for a passport, the court added.Justice Vipin Sanghi order came on a plea by a 16-year-old girl challenging the Regional Passport Office's decision to reject her passport application.\"A passport is not only a travel document, but is also an identity document. The identity of a person is determined, inter alia, by his parentage. Therefore, unless there is a legal adoption of the applicant, he/she is bound to give the name of his/her natural parents and cannot choose to provide the name of the adopted parent's in his/her application form,\" the court ruled on her plea.The passport for the girl had been sought by her mother, who had divorced the girl's father soon after her birth. Later she re-married and executed an adoption deed in favour of her second husband, whose name she furnished in the passport application as the girl's father. After rejection of the passport application, she had moved court on behalf of her daughter.HC upheld the decision of the RPO and pointed out that both parents of a child, if alive, have equal right to give the child in adoption but one cannot exercise this right unilaterally without the other's consent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12512759", "title": "Nurses\u2019 strike may end today", "text": "KOCHI: The nurses' strike at Lakeshore Hospital is likely to end on Tuesday. The management and the United Nurses Association seem to be ready to settle the issue as the strike entered its 22nd day on Monday.Labour department officials have called a meeting at the Guest House at 4pm, which will be led by labour commissioner T T Antony and joint labour commissioner Vincent Alex. \"The response is favourable, and we expect the strike to be solved,\" said Vincent Alex.UNA wanted the hospital to employ all trainee nurses after they complete the training period, which, according to the hospital, is against their policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12512585", "title": "Monday was season's hottest, with temperature exceeding 40 degrees Celsius", "text": "BHOPAL: The second day of April turned out to be the hottest day of the season in the city with mercury crossing 40 degrees Celsius mark on Monday. Last year, the mercury had touched the mark on April 17, indicating that summers may be even harsher this year.Though it was a cloudy day, hot winds swept the city. The meteorological office said it recorded a maximum temperature of 40.4 degrees Celsius, 4 degrees above the normal mark against a minimum temperature of 23.4 (+3) degrees.In western Madhya Pradesh, the temperature had already crossed the 40 degrees Celsius. The met office said the day temperature is likely to hover around the same in coming days.\"Upper air cyclonic circulation over the south-west regions of the state resulted in partly cloudy conditions,\" weatherman said.Hot winds are sweeping the Nimar region of the state with parts of northern MP and other regions with Khandwa, Khajuraho, Damoh and Hoshangabad recording a day temperature of 41 degrees C, the highest in the state.The maximum temperature in Indore and Gwalior was 40.2 degrees Celsius (+4). Jabalpur recorded a maximum of 39.1 degrees Celsius (+2). In the three cities, the minimum temperature was 24.2 (+6), 21.2 9+3) and 21.8 (+4) respectively.The weathermen also predicted light rain and thundershowers at one or two places in Indore and Ujjain divisions. Otherwise, weather will be mainly dry in the remaining divisions of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12513629", "title": "Protesters demand quota for SC/ST in BU", "text": "COIMBATORE: More than 300 people, led by Adithamizhar Peravai founder-president R Adhiyaman, staged a protest in front of Bharathiyar University (BU) on Monday demanding proper reservation for SC/ST teaching staff in new appointments made at the university.They also demanded that transfers of employees who demanded proper reservation as per UGC norms be revoked and funds allocated for the benefit of SC/ST employees and staff be properly utilised. Serious allegations that the university vice chancellor C Swaminathan gave preference to his Gounder caste while appointing teaching staff have also been raised.The protestors raised slogans against Swaminathan. Coimbatore Member of Parliament PR Natarajan also took part in the protest. He said he will petition the Union human resources development minister Kapil Sibal over the misappropriation of funds allocated for SC/ST students and staff by the administrators.Sources alleged that funds allocated for SC/ST students to the tune of Rs 5 crore have been misused by the university. The VC could not immediately be reached for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12513011", "title": "High speed trains for Lalkuan", "text": "North Eastern Railway is all set to introduce new set of trains, especially on Bareilly to Lalkuan route, having high capacity speed of 110km per hour. Earlier the passengers travelling on this route used to travel at maximum 84km per hour speed.Rajendra Singh, public relation officer, NER said, \"As this route was a narrow gauge since past several decades, the trains used to run on lesser speed capacity. However, by replacing the old railway tracks with broad gauge, being followed across the country, the NER has set the pitch for the fresh pair of trains on this route. Our ongoing project of replacing the narrow gauge with broad gauge concluded on Friday at an estimated cost of is Rs 190 crore.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12511767", "title": "52,000 default on property tax", "text": "HYDERABAD: Despite waiver of interest on arrears and sending red notices to defaulters, nearly 52,000 property owners have not paid their tax to the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) in financial year 2011-12, which ended on March 31.The corporation had set a target of Rs 752 crore from 12,40,257 properties, but only 11,88,379 property owners have come forward to pay Rs 634 crore property tax, including the state government's Rs 20 crore towards its properties and Industrial Areas Local Authority (IALAs) payment of Rs 13.88 crore. On the last day of the financial year, the GHMC could collect only Rs 60 crore.However, the GHMC officials were content as the 2011-12 collection is Rs 135 crore more than that of 2010-11 that had Rs 494 crore. They attribute the windfall to enhancement of property tax for commercial establishments and 25% property tax penalties levied on unauthorised buildings.The highest collection of Rs 167 crore was from Circle 10, which covers upmarket areas like Banjara Hills, Jubilee Hills, Ameerpet, Punjagutta and Khairatabad. Interestingly, DLF India alone paid Rs six crore towards property tax to the corporation. On the other hand, the lowest collection was from Rajendrangar municipal circle with just Rs 7.74 crore. The major reason for fall in tax collection in the circle, which comes under South Zone, was that of 39,653 property tax assessments as only 24,142 property owners paid the tax. South Zone, which covers Old City (circle 4, 5 &amp; 6), has contributed only Rs 44 crore from 2,37,381 assessments. Incidentally, Circle 4, jurisdiction of which is over areas in and around Charminar, has the highest number of assessments with 1,24,536, but only Rs 25.15 crore was collected from that area.GHMC Central Zone earned Rs 277 crore, East Zone Rs 70 crore, West Zone Rs 113 crore and North Zone Rs 94 crore. In the West Zone, Kukatpally municipal circle, which has 1,10,115 tax payers, raised Rs 52 crore, emerging as one of the top revenue-earning circles after Circle 10 (Khairatabad) and Circle 18 (Sec'bad).The corporation has set a target of Rs 1,000 crore property tax for the current financial year 2012-13. Officials hope to achieve the target as property tax revision would operate in a month's time. \"The GHMC is likely to get another Rs 30 to Rs 40 crore in April as the state government has extended the waiver of interest on property tax arrears till April 30,\" an official of the corporation said.Many corporators allege that the corporation is focusing on property owners who have been paying tax by enhancing and imposing penalties, but turning a blind eye on unassessed properties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12516076", "title": "Imran Warsi gets reality show offer", "text": "Pakistans hockey player Imran Warsi who showed a remarkable performance at the World Hockey Series league made a sudden stop over at Delhi before leaving for Holland on Saturday evening.Dressed in a black tee and adjusting his long locks, Imran told us, \" I had a amazing experience during the league. Last match was very depressing we lost the match and our team lost the opportunity to play in the semi finals. I was almost in tears and was very upset, lekin jo pyaar mila yaahan se shayad main bhul nahi paaunga.\" He continues saying in his emotional tone, \"It was an amazing experience and I feel lucky that I got the opportunity to meet so many people and visit so many places in India. Main apni saat bahut saari achi yaadien liye ghar wapas jaa raha hun.\" Next he is all set to prepare for his upcoming league match in Europe. Imran says, \" I will be leaving for Holland and I shall get busy with my next league tournament. I wish I could have stayed back in India for some more time. Pakistani sportsperson hote hue bhi yaahan ke logon ne mujhe bahut pyaar aur samman diya yeh cheez bahut yaadghar rahegi mere liye. Hopefully I should be back again as I have been offered to do a sports reality show.\"So what is the reality show all about and he elaborates, \"I have been offered to do a Indian reality show that will focus on hockey. Inshaallah! it should take off soon. Nothing has been finalized but the concept of show will be very different from the other sports reality show for sure. Interestingly, the show will include all well known hockey players and this will help in promoting our game in future.\"Imran Warsi is the highest scorer from Chennai Cheetahs team in the World Series Hockey league and a special song was created to pay tribute to the hockey star on the you tube site. Imran proudly says, \"People in Pakistan felt very proud when they watched my performance. A special song was created titled 'jeeo to aise' to support motivate and encourage me throughout the tournament.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12511856", "title": "CBI wants further investigation in Jagan assets case", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI on Monday filed a memo in the CBI court seeking its permission to conduct further investigation into the assets case pertaining to Kadapa MP Y S Jaganmohan Reddy. The probe agency filed its first chargesheet in the case on Saturday and is intending to file a series of supplementary chargesheets in the case. Meanwhile, V Vijay Sai Reddy , the auditor for Jagan firms and accused number two in the case, filed a bail plea in the CBI court on Monday. He was arrested by CBI on January 2 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon/chandigarh", "code": "12512178", "title": "DTCP rejects Ansal's plea for extra development in Sec 67", "text": "GURGAON/CHANDIGARH: The department of town and country planning (DTCP) on Monday rejected an application of Ansal API for the additional licence of a plotted residential colony to be carved out in sectors 67 and 67A. The department's decision came after the colonizer met T C Gupta, director general of DTCP.The private builder already has a licence to carve out residential colony in the two sectors, which are coming up in Badshahpur village area. The builder had sought an additional licence for 66.42 acres of lands. According to sources, the land for which the application was made already belongs to the Ansal group.Department officials, however, said the application was rejected on the ground that the coloniser is yet to get the said piece of land in its name. This was reportedly admitted by Anita Sharma, assistant general manager (AGM) Ansal API. \"She had sought three weeks' time to sort out the problems related to sharing of land,\" said an official.\"The applicant is free to apply again once it sorts out the shortcomings in the documents in accordance with the rules. Rejection of this request shall also not adversely affect them in any manner. They (Ansal API) will have to deposit the scrutiny fee,\" said Gupta.Enquiries revealed that besides the problems related to shared land (the land which continue to exist with second party) and some portion fell in the category of Special Economic Zone (SEZ), re-approval of cancelled mutation was pending in revenue department.Officials informed that this was the second such personal hearing given by the town and country planning department to Ansal API over the period of past one week. Earlier, Ansal representatives had appeared on March 30 when they gave a written request while making the submissions on the enquiries sought by department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12512907", "title": "Glorious history remains buried in Benaras Theatre", "text": "VARANASI: Coughed, spluttered and died. These three words best describe the plight of the historical place where the first Hindi drama was staged on April 3, 1868. The first modern Hindi drama 'Janaki Mangal' was for the first time staged at 'Benaras Theatre', popularly known as 'assembly rooms' or 'nach ghar' during the British era. Nowadays, the theatre is lying in a shambles in posh Cantonment area of the city.The Benaras Theatre is also known as Bungalow number 25 A-B. Theatre enthusiasts say it can take the shape of a memorial or an academy for the theatre or auditorium for cultural performances.The East India Company had sold it to some local officials.According to B K Das, owner of a portion of the Bungalow, the Cantonment was established in 1811 by the East India Company and hundreds of officials and army personnel of East India Company dwelt in the area.For the purpose of recreation of the officials and their families, Maharaj Kumar Vijaynagram presented the Britishers with a recreational hall called 'nach ghar' or 'assembly rooms' for the purpose of entertainment.Das said, \"The recreational centre spanned over an area of 1.93 acre and was properly designed by James Prinsep. Apart from the main auditorium, there were tennis court, walking plazas and 12-13 rooms. The auditorium, built by Prinsep, was 111-foot long and 32-foot high. It was considered as the second English style theatre after Chaurangi Theatre of Kolkata\", shared Das.\"In fact, after Janaki Mangal drama was staged, Bhartendu Harishchandra formed an amateur group with his literary associates and other recognised dramatists who produced together a number of Hindi plays under the banner of Benaras Theatre which took the modern Hindi drama to a new level,\" said Kunwarji Agrawal, former visiting professor at National School of Drama and theatre artiste of the city.British, Bengali and folk plays were performed in the auditorium till early '90s. However, the place was sold to Das' family in 1930 and thereafter no plays were staged.According to Das, the land is now owned by him and his two brothers. \"None of my relatives who are dwelling in that portion are interested in the history of the place.As the area comes under the Cantonment Board, repair or construction work cannot be done without getting permission from the board. This is the reason that the building is crumbling and is on the verge of decay,\" said Das.It is noteworthy that exactly 144 years ago on this day (April 3), Bhartendu with other eminent artists, musicians, writers from Varanasi as well as neighbouring states had staged a Hindi drama 'Janaki Mangal' penned by veteran playwright and a friend of Bhartendu, Pandit Sheetla Prasad Tripathi at the same assembly rooms and theatre or 'nach ghar'.According to theatre artistes of the city, since then, the year was regarded as the beginning of modern Hindi theatre movement and till now, every year on April 3, the day is marked as the anniversary of modern Hindi theatre.However no step, neither by government nor by private organisations, has been taken to restore, renovate and develop the area as a memorial. Some theatre groups like Natya Vasudha of the city in association with Ayodhya Shodh Sansthan, ministry of cultural affairs, Uttar Pradesh, hold discussions and seminars on the already dead Benaras Theatre every year. How it came into limelight\"A big gap of time transforms history, this is what has happened with Benaras Theatre over the years,\" said Kunwarji Agrawal, a former visiting professor at National School of Drama and theatre artiste of the city. According to him, it was known that the first drama of modern Hindi theatre was played in Varanasi, but it took almost 100 years to know the exact location of the place. \"Many eminent scholars including Dr Sampurnand tried to find the exact place of the theatre in 1968 when the country observed 100 years of modern Hindi drama; however, different opinions surfaced. Some people considered that Bulanala area closed to the residence of Bhartendu Harishchandra was the place, while some people thought that Kabir Chaura area in the close vicinity of Benaras Gharana was the historical place for theatre as well,\" said Agrawal. Later in 1970, a London-based magazine (May 1868 edition ) was found which contained the theatre review of the same drama. Then, it was realised that the drama was staged in the assembly rooms and theatre of Cantonment Board. According to Agrawal, the building of the theatre is of great archaeological and cultural importance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12511159", "title": "Abandoned baby dies at GMC, cops book mother", "text": "PANAJI: Agasaim police registered a case of abandonment against Shardha Guruprasad Pivankar of Honnavar, Karnataka, for abandoning a two-day-old baby at the Goa medical college and hospital (GMC), Bambolim.Police said that Pivankar gave birth to a baby boy on March 27 at a hospital in Honnavar. The baby's health was critical and doctors referred the case to the GMC on March 29. The baby was admitted in ward 131 at GMC and was under treatment when his mother deserted him. The baby expired and police have booked a case under Section 317, IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12512742", "title": "5 cops suspended for gambling, Rs 14,000 recovered", "text": "INDORE: Five cops have been suspended after they were caught on charges of gambling at Residency Kothi area in the city around midnight on Sunday. A departmental enquiry has been ordered against the errant cops, said SSP A Sai Manohar.The suspended cops have been identified as Dilawar Khan (Malharganj station), Neeraj (Juni Indore) Dheeraj Pathak (SSP office), Asharam (DRP Line) and Hiralal (court). Dilawar was reportedly playing cards in uniform. Police also seized Rs 14,000 cash and cards from their possession.Sanyogitaganj police received a tip-off that a few people were involved in gambling at the upmarket Residency Kothi area, where senior government officials of the district stay.Acting swiftly on the tip-off, police zeroed in on the area at around one hour past midnight on Sunday and nabbed all the five persons busy playing gambling on the spot.When police zeroed in on them, they reportedly entered into a scuffle with the cops and also tried to flee from the spot, but were overpowered soon.Later, police team, which came there to nab those who were gambling, realised that they were all from the same department.The cops were playing cards in the guard room, which is allotted to home guard DC Pande.Sanyogitaganj station in-charge Shailendra Srivastava said that all the accused were arrested and later released on bail. He said that he sent the report to senior superintendent of police (SSP). Srivastava said that DC Pande would be also interrogated in connection with the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12513390", "title": "It\u2019s back to school", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Most city schools were abuzz with activity as a new academic session began after vacations. Children seemed to have a gala time at school while meeting their friends.Kritika Sharma, a student of Class VII, said, \"It feels good to be back with friends and since the exams are over for now it will be all easy going. The most exciting part was to see the new classrooms as now we have moved on to a higher class.\" On the other hand, Kusha Vashisht, a student of Class IX, was excited about going to Class X. \"We are now seniors and its feels great. But sadly we will be leaving school next year so it feels a little awkward.\"While elders had their share of gossip, the tiny tots were energized to show their new bags and books to their teachers and friends. They were all excited to share their vacation stories. There were also those who gave a hard time to their teachers as they cried for their parents all day long. Some of the schools that re-opened on Monday are Saupin's School in Sector 32, Vivek High School in Sector 38, St John's School in Sector 26, St Xavier's School in Sector 44, Strawberry Fields World School in Sector 26, DAV School in Sector 15, St Anne's Convent School in Sector 32 and Carmel Convent School in Sector 9. The new session for Nursery and KG would start Wednesday onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12512460", "title": "Fodder scam trial begins in CBI court", "text": "PATNA: Criminal trial of one of conspiracy cases of fodder scam involving fraudulent withdrawal of Rs 63 lakh from Banka and Bhagalpur treasury started on Monday, 14 years after the scam came to surface. The Special Court, CBI, presided by V K Srivastava, directed the CBI to make its stand clear whether it would accept as approver in the case one of the accused, Mahendra Singh .On Monday, the CBI produced two prosecution witnesses for evidence. The prosecution witness, Prithwiraj Gaud, who was the then under secretary of the Bihar Legislative Assembly, gave testimony to the letter of the then assembly Speaker, Sadanand Singh, giving sanction for prosecution of the then MLA, Jagdish Sharma, as an accused in the case. Another prosecution witness, Mahesh Singh, gave testimony to the letter of the then Bhagalpur DM giving sanction for prosecution of Nitin Desai, an employee of Bhagalpur district administration. Two former Bihar CMs, Lalu Prasad and Jagannath Mishra, are among the key accused of the case. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12513129", "title": "Three cops sent to Reserve Police Lines", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Senior superintendent of police, Allahabad, on Monday sent three police personnel including station officer, Meja police station, one sub-inspector and one constable to the Reserve Police Lines on the charges of dereliction of duties.SSP told TOI that a probe has been ordered into the incident where an unruly mob had forcibly freed two persons from the police lock up. The irate mob had also thrashed policemen who protested the act of freeing the persons.Reports reaching here said that supporters of two rival camps came to face to face over a land dispute. While acting on the complaint, the meja police had detained two persons and kept them inside the lock-up.When the supporters of these persons came to know about the incident, they assembld at meja police station and accused meja police for working behest of the rival camp. The scene took an ugly turn when the supporters became aggressive and freed both the supporters from the police lock up.Senior cops said that investigations are on and necessary action would be taken against the erring cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "12513005", "title": "Youth, lover shot dead in suspected honour killing", "text": "ALWAR: A 21-year-old youth and his lover were shot dead in Ucchen police station area of Bharatpur district on Sunday in what is being suspected to be a case of honour killings. The father of the girl has lodged an FIR against the youth's father and other family members alleging that they were threatening to kill the girl if she did not distance herself from the youth. The police have started the investigation.According to the police, the bodies of a 19-year old girl, identified as Sharda and 21-year old Nagpal alias Neetu, were found in an agriculture field in Heerapura village on Sunday. The bodies had bullet injuries on their back. Two cartridges and a country-made pistol were also found on the spot.\"The girl's father Ganeshi Lal registered an FIR against Nagpal's father Giriraj and six others late on Sunday night claiming that her daughter was killed by the family members of the youth,\" said addl SP, Bharatpur Rajesh Yadav.The father said that Sharda was on her way home from their farmland when she went missing on Saturday. Her family members kept searching her throughout the night. Next day the bodies were recovered.The girl's father says that he had been getting threats from the family members of Nagpal for some time. \"They were threatening to kill my daughter if she did not distance herself from the youth,\" said Yadav.The additional SP said that however, the murder of the youth himself has raised question marks over the claims made by Ganeshi Lal. \"We have conducted a forensic examination of the spot. Further investigation is on,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12512850", "title": "Indian Post to honour Cardinal Parecattil", "text": "KOCHI: The postal department is set to honour the memory of Cardinal Joseph Parecattil, the first cardinal from Kerala. On the occasion of his birth centenary, the department will release a special postal cover on Tuesday.It is the first time that the postal department is bringing out a cover in honour of a cardinal in Kerala. Union minister K V Thomas will inaugurate the function at Major Archbishop's House at 3 pm and will release the cover.Shoba Koshy, chief post-master general of Kerala circle, will present the special cover. Mar George Cardinal Alencherry will preside over the function.Born in Kidangoor in 1912, Parecattil was the third archbishop of Ernakulam Archdiocese. Later he became the first cardinal of Kerala and the second in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511442", "title": "Six held for attacking police party", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six men who had allegedly attacked five police officers and injured two in the Bawana DSIDC area on Sunday have been arrested. The accused have been identified as Sonu Shukla (20), Dharmender (18), Lal Kishore Shukla (20), Vijay Shukla (18), Amar Singh (25) and Yagvir Singh (18).A team of head constables Om Prakash, Chaman Prakash, constables Mohinder, Naresh and Narayan was on night patrolling duty in Narela on Sunday. When the team reached JJ Colony in Bawana at 2am, they found some suspicious activity was going on near MCD Khatta Sector-5, DSIDC. The officers then fired a flare. \"It was seen in the light of VLP fire that 14-15 persons, equipped with iron rods, sticks and weapons, were present at the spot,\" said B S Jaiswal, DCP outer. \"When they were asked to surrender, the group suddenly fired four rounds at the cops. Mohinder was shot in his abdomen. Police then fired two rounds in retaliation,\" said Jaiswal. \"Om Prakash was also injured while trying to nab the accused,\" said Jaiswal. Mohinder had been admitted to Ambedker hospital while Om Prakash was taken to a private hospital.During interrogation, the accused disclosed that they and their associates had robbed scrap from the Bawana power plant scrap yard. They were moving the looted scrap when the officers arrived at the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12513257", "title": "HCL Technologies proposes to fund IT education in 120 UP schools", "text": "LUCKNOW: Founder chairman of HCL Technologies Shiv Nadar on Tuesday proposed to fund the IT education in 120 primary schools of Uttar Pradesh in the next two years.Speaking to reporters after meeting Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav , Nadar said, \"The project can be taken up on a public-private-partnership (PPP) basis.\" Nadar also highlighted the strategy UP could opt to eradicate illiteracy within 10 years. In his presentation, the HCL chief also projected how primary and higher education can help in giving a boost to UP's socio-economic growth.Hailing the poll promise of the Samajwadi Party to provide laptops and tablets to the students free of cost, Nadar said that the move would certainly help in setting the pace for IT revolution in UP and turn the state into an 'IT power house'. He said the vast job opportunities in the IT sector can take the state into a higher level.Meanwhile, the Chief Minister accused the Mayawati government of overturning previous Samajwadi Party's government order of not granting clearance to any technical institute in Noida until all other districts get at least four such institutes. He made the statement during his meeting with Nadar, kicking off the speculations that the SP government may bring back the order once again.Noida and Greater Noida, as a matter of fact, has seen a large number of engineering and management institutes opening up over a period of time given their proximity to New Delhi. The coming of IT companies in the region has only added more pace to the opening of such institutes.Yadav told Nadar that the IT policy envisioned by the SP government aims to establish IT companies in other cities of UP like Lucknow. HCL chief visit to Lucknow attained importance given UP government's initiative to put in place IT parks in the state capital and Agra.Yadav said that the basic infrastructure of other cities in UP is being strengthened. The coming of IT sector would only add wings to the growth of the state. He counted how various sectors like trade tax and police have been benefitted by the IT sector. In fact, usage of IT will being transparency in departments like land revenue.Yadav said that computers are present in adequate numbers in different departments. And the departments are supported by the national informatics centre (NIC). Akhilesh said that the companies like HCL could help the state in giving it a boost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12513102", "title": "Booze bottles in UT to bear holograms", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Starting next month, all liquor bottles sold in Chandigarh will bear holograms of the excise and taxation department to check smuggling of liquor and for quality assurance. Sources said the upcoming excise policy, likely to be announced next week, would make it mandatory for liquor manufacturers to paste holograms on every bottle at the bottling plants.Unlike certain other states which have introduced 3-D holograms on only Indian-made foreign liquor (IMFL) brands, in Chandigarh, the excise and taxation department wants to cover all categories of liquor.Sources said unlike previous years when the excise policy had only minor changes over the previous years, this time the administration is set to spring many surprises. Despite its criticism, UT administration has decided to continue with the system of bidding through tenders introduced last year, which had led to the liquor vends located on highways going for very high price. Reserve price for all vends will be fixed in advance and the entire process will be completed before April 30.Though the excise department has fixed the minimum price of liquor in excise policy, traders can fix their own maximum sale price that can lead to a difference of Rs 30-50 per bottle in the city's inner and outer sectors.Vends in pre-fabricated structures could charge more than modern liquor shops. Last year, the highest licence fee of Rs 2.75 crore was for a pre-fabricated vend of IMFL in Sector 52 and that for a modern liquor shop in Sector 44 was Rs 85.44 lakh.Even though UT plans to hike licence fee by upto 20% a final decision is pending on whether there should be an increase in excise duty as well, as has been done in Punjab last month. Liquor contractors in the past have been trying hard to convince UT administration to bring disparity in liquor prices to curb smuggling from Chandigarh, where liquor has traditionally been cheaper. Vends located on the UT's outskirts register lesser sales as buyers don't prefer to buy from Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12513684", "title": "6 arrested for vehicle lifting", "text": "LUDHIANA: Six persons were arrested for lifting motorcycles in city on Monday. Police have recovered six motorcycles and a scooter from them.Accused have been identified as Manoj Kumar alias Sap, 30, Bala Nishad alias Jatinder, 30, residents of Kushinagar district of Uttar Pradesh, Anil Kumar , 29, of Vishal Nagar, Raj Kumar , 28, of Basti Jodhewal, Dharminder Singh, 30, of Dana Mandi, Ram Vinay, 29, of Sujatwal village of Ludhiana district.Kingpin of the gang is Manoj Kumar. ACP, North, Swapan Sharma said they got to know that Manoj Kumar and Bala Nishad were coming from Jalandhar bypass side on a stolen motorcycle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12512854", "title": "e-transfer of money for zoo animal adoption", "text": "MYSORE: Animal lovers can adopt the animals at Mysore Zoo without even visiting the facility, thanks to a new facility which enables electronic transfer of money.Sharada Krishnamurthy and Sudha Krishnamurthy, both from Pune, have adopted Indian cobra and lion-tailed macaque by e-transfer of money. They transferred Rs 12,000 using Electronic Clearing Services (ECS) for their adoption.\"This is for the first time that the animals are adopted using plastic money,\" director B P Ravi said on Monday.The zoo had on February 14 introduced the facility to animal lovers who could not visit the facility for adoption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12511770", "title": "Andhra Pradesh Income-Tax chief shifted to Chennai", "text": "HYDERABAD: Five months after assuming charge as chief commissioner (CC-1) of the state Income-Tax department Prema Malini Vasan on Monday vacated her seat, only days before her retirement from service.The 1974 batch Indian Revenue Service ( IRS ) officer who was transferred from Chennai in November last year had replaced G Rajeswara Rao to become the cadre controlling authority (CCA) of the Andhra Pradesh I-T wing. As per the orders of the Central Board of Direct Tax (CBDT), Vasan will join the Settlement Commission in Chennai. She has earlier served as CC-1 in the Chennai office.With Vasan's exit, the crucial CC-1 position that has seen several reshuffles post the retirement of A K Basu in April, 2011, is up for grabs again. The CBDT has not yet announced the new CC-1 or even an in-charge official so far. Rajeswara Rao was brought in from Bangalore in September last year to fill in as CC-1 and was re-designated as CC-3 after Vasan's transfer. While speculations were rife about Rao filling in the CC-1 post, but it was ruled out by some as he is set to retire this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12512510", "title": "Nine held for Rs 1.63 crore trade union fraud, more arrests likely", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Navrangpura police officials investigating the multi-crore scam of siphoning off the money of former mill workers by the Mill Worker Association's office bearers arrested nine of the total 32 accused in the case on Monday. Police have started search for other accused in the case named in Rs 1.63 crore fraud involving Calico Mill workers between 2006 and 2011.According to Navrangpura police officials, they had received a complaint from Mansukh Parmar on December 9, 2011 where he mentioned that the committee set up for receiving money decided by the government agencies and private liquidators for the former mill workers of various closed-down mills and he alleged that a total of 608 bogus names were added in original list to siphon off the money a very systematic way by various stakeholders.\"We started investigating the case and found that there were 32 persons responsible for Rs 1.63 crore embezzlement. We then started sending summons to the accused named in the case out of which nine turned up after court notice.We have arrested the accused in connection with the case and have started recording their statement. Search for other accused in the case is on,\" said P M Sarvaiya, inspector of Navrangpura police station.The arrested include Fusabhai Parmar, 65, a resident of Danilimda, Waris Khan Baloch, 67, a resident of Shahpur, Babubhai Parmar, 77, a resident of Behrampura, Natwar Chauhan, 58, a resident of Danilimda, Natwar Parmar, 66, a resident of Karanj, Harikshan Kojani, 57 and Manu Rana, 61, both residents of Pirana, Nazmal Husain Mansuri, 63, a resident of Guptanagar and Raman Sonariya, 72, a resident of Kankaria. All the accused were members of Visthapit Mill Majdoor Sangathan when the entire liquidation and compensation process took place after 2006.Investigators said that the accused in the case had opened 307 fake accounts at Bapunagar Mahila Cooperative Bank on the basis of fake papers and created new identities. of the workers who were not working at the mill or were not eligible to get the compensation money as per the rules laid out for liquidation. For all these accounts where more than two persons owned joint accounts without any relationship, only two persons, a father-son duo became guarantees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511436", "title": "Real estate developers association to petition PM", "text": "MUMBAI: The Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (Credai) has decided to send an SOS to the Prime Minister and has planned a nationwide strike to sensitize policy-makers to its problems.\"Even though the sector contributes close to 7%--or Rs140,000 crore--we are facing suffocation due to various administrative delays. Our appeals for speedy action are falling on deaf ears,'' said Lalit Kumar Jain, national president, Credai.The association has suggested an approval process akin to that followed in Bihar and Gujarat. \"Architects sanction plans drawn up as per building rules framed by the local planning body there. The authority gives the final stamp of approval within a week of plans being submitted,'' he said.Credai in next governing council body meeting in May will decide to call for a day's strike to draw the government's attention to the problems being faced by the industry. We may have to go on an indefinite strike if the problems affecting the developers and home buyers are not addressed,'' Jain warned.Stating the industry has been brought to a crippling stage due to \"official apathy and indecision'' at various levels.If you take the example of Maharashtra or Mumbai, plans do not get sanctioned for months for want of approvals from various committees like the environment, high rise and recently reserving 20% for low cost housing. The government has failed to understand that there is an increase of 40% in costs are due to such delays, Jain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12513665", "title": "German engineering firm acquires Surat construction company", "text": "SURAT: Bilfinger Berger, a Germany-based largest engineering and services group, has announced the acquisition of Surat-based Neo Structo Construction Limited and Spetech Plant Equipments Private Limited.Roland Koch , chairman and exeutive board of Bilfinger Berger SE said, \"This is our first acquisition in India and we have plans to invest more than 100 million euro in India in the next couple of years.\"According to Koch, Neo Structo with Spetech and Bilfinger Berger are ideal partners because both the companies have a clear focus on the process industry and the energy sector.With its three-decade long operational history, Neo Structo has established its name in the Indian construction industry as one of the most trust mechanical service providers.K B Vishwanathan, managing director of Neo Structo, said, \"The company is going to benefit from our membership in Bilfinger.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12513445", "title": "Complainants irked as Lokshahi Din hearing cancelled", "text": "NAGPUR: Four complainants who had approached Nagpur Municipal Corporation on Monday for monthly 'Lokshahi Din' to have their grievances redressed had to return disappointed as the municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal was not available. This irked the complainants who said it had become a regular feature with the civic chief. They alleged Jaiswal always found excuses to avoid Lokshahi Din.The state government in 2000 launched this initiative to address grievances of citizens by providing them direct access to senior officers one day every month. \"As per norms, citizens who are not satisfied with the administration's response to their grievances should utilize Lokshahi Din at civic headquarters where municipal commissioner is expected to be available. In Nagpur, civic chief is seldom available for Lokshahi Din,\" alleged Dinesh Naidu, who was among the complainants.Another complainant alleged that even if commissioner were in office complainants were usually told to see his deputies as he was always too busy to attend to citizens. \"I had to run from pillar to post to get my work done from a senior official. Later, I lodged my complaint with the civic chief for Lokshahi Din,\" he added. \"I was shocked to note the same officer was hearing my complaint. How could I get justice,\" he asked.Despite repeated attempts, municipal commissioner was not available for comments. A senior administration official clarified that the civic chief had called off 'Lokshahi Din' as chief minister was in city and most civic officials were busy with that visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12512177", "title": "Land ceiling relaxed for industry in Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: What Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee tried in 2006 was finally done by Mamata Banerjee six years after that. The state government on Monday expanded the relaxation of the land ceiling clause under the West Bengal Land Reforms Act, 1955 to accommodate a whole lot of industries - from industry hub to film city.The government now expects investors who already possess land beyond ceiling to declare their assets and submit a plan for industry to the government for assured exemption. The relaxation won't come naturally though. It will come to effect after the ministerial committee led by the CM clears the plan, said state commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee.The West Bengal Land Reforms (Amendment) Bill 2012 proposed amendments to some of the provisions of the original 1955 Act which allows landholders to lease out their land for industry and in turn allows the later to hold land over the existing land cap. There, however, remains a rider. Land obtained in this manner can't be left unused for more than three years.Though the bill bears the signature of Mamata Banerjee, it was moved in the assembly on Monday by parliamentary affairs minister Partha Chatterjee. Immediately after it was moved, leader of the opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra said such an important bill required a detailed discussion before passage in a hurry and it should be referred to a select committee. It would be unwise to pass such an important bill after a 90-minute discussion, he said. Mishra said the bill had been moved earlier in 2006 when it was sent to a select committee after Trinamool legislators opposed it. It was subsequently withdrawn.RSP leader Subhas Naskar said: \"This bill doesn't specify any upper ceiling of land for corporate houses. It doesn't mention anything on compensation or rehabilitation. Neither does it specify whether multi-crop land can be used for industrial purpose.\" Tarun Kanti Naskar, SUCI MLA, said: \"This will only lead to land aggregation which is against the principal of land reforms.\"Forward Bloc MLA Udayan Guha said, \"It doesn't say which type of land can be leased. Can tribal land be leased out under this?\"Regarding the beneficiaries, Mishra asked: \"Will they be individuals? Under Section 4C of this act, can the land character be changed as per the beneficiaries' will? Who will ensure that the land is actually being used for the purpose it has been leased out for? There is a very thin line here, therefore the need for more discussions.\"Chatterjee said: \"The bill makes it very clear that a committee of ministers headed by the chief minister will vet, pass and sanction the projects on a case-to-case basis.\"The 2006 draft bill allowed for transfer of land. Here we are only leasing it out for a specified period. In 1955 when the Land Reforms Act was enacted, concepts such as industrial hub, biotech park were not in vogue. Therefore, we will have to change it, d made in sync with time. The upper ceilings of the land to be held by industry again would be decided by the committee of ministers.\"Chatterjee said, \"The section 4C allows for a one-time regularisation for those who've land in their possession but have not done so. The compensation has been clearly laid down in the section 14V, which hasn't been changed in the present amendment and therefore remains like before.\" The state government would also be able to take back land allotted to a person for setting up any unit, if the land remained unutilised for three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12512820", "title": "Shivpal assures justice to bereaved families", "text": "KANPUR: Public works department minister Shivpal Singh Yadav visited Etawah on Monday and met the family members of the person who died in Sunday's firing incident at Brahmani Devi temple in Balrai. He expressed sorrow and grief over the incident.The minister condemned the killings and said that the police acted in undue haste and in an irresponsible manner. The loss of innocent lives could have been avoided, he said while assuring justice to the bereaved families. Yadav said that the state government would provide all possible help to the families.The minister said that the cops could have resorted to tear gas shells, firing in air and lathi-charge, instead of opening fire on the irate devotees.\"A high-level probe by CB-CID has been ordered. The investigating agency will assess the situation and then stringent action will be taken against those found guilty,\" he said.Though the minister rapped the cops, the police officials initially defended the PAC, stating the personnel fired at the irate mob as a 'last resort' when the crowd ransacked the temple premises and tried to snatched the weapons from provincial armed constabulary men camping inside the Brahmani Devi temple.Three people were killed and around 12 critically injured when hundreds of villagers of Sirsa and Birar clashed over hoisting of flag at the Brahmani Devi temple on the occasion of Navmi, the ninth day of Chaitra Navratri. When the PAC and local police tried to intervene, the irate mob, outnumbering them, ransacked the temple premises and tried to snatch weapons from security personnel. The PAC men opened fire to defend themselves killing three persons on the spot. They were identified as Munna Lal (35), Dinesh Yadav (40) and Virendra Singh (40).The minister wished a speedy recovery to the injured men who are under treatment at PGI in Saifai.IG Piyush Anand said that the situation is peaceful, though tension prevails. \"The situation is under control and a heavy deployment of police has been made to avoid fresh trouble,\" Anand said while talking to TOI.Incensed over 'arbitrary' police action on hundreds of devotees, Balrai villagers have demanded action into the Sunday firing incident.\"There was no need for excessive use of force and police firings. In the absence of senior officers, the local police indulged in highhandedness while handling the devotees who had gathered at Brahmani Devi temple to hoist the flag on the oaccsion of 'Chaitra Navratri' navmi. Police fired directly into the crowds. The victims had bullet injuries on head, face, chest or stomach,\" Dinesh Chandra, a resident of Sirsa village, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12510830", "title": "Mother of two ends life", "text": "NAGPUR: A woman in her thirties hanged herself at her in-laws place at Dnyaneshwar Nagar in Ajni on Monday. Pragati Rajesh is learnt to have had a disturbed marriage with husband Nitin in recent years. They had a love marriage 13 years ago, said police sources.Police said that there were no obvious reasons that could have triggered the suicide. Pragati's family members have alleged that she was being mentally and physically tortured by her husband and in-laws. A day before Nitin had come to meet Pragati's family, claiming that she was behaving aggressively. There had been a heated argument when Pragati's parents went to check the matter at Nitin's place.Now, Pragati's family members are demanding stringent action in the case. Nitin, who owns an electronics showroom at Kharbi Road, had informed his wife's family members that she ended her life. The cops from Ajni police station had rushed to the spot after being informed but no suicide note was found. tnnAjni police have registered a case of accidental death while further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12513132", "title": "15 complaints of threat, abusive calls in a week", "text": "PANCHKULA: You answer a call from an unknown number on your cellphone and the voice of a woman on the other end starts abusing and threatening you. If this sounds familiar, you are also among a growing number of victims in Panchkula, who are being plagued by abusive phone calls. In the last week, 15 complaints of such calls were reported at various police stations in Panchkula.Residents rue that cops are not taking them seriously or doing much about it. Raj Kumar, a resident of Sector 9, Panchkula, said, \"When I approached the police regarding my complaint, I was told that it's a very common issue.\"Sector 11-resident Ekta said, \"I filed a complaint at the Sector 10 police post. Despite contacting them repeatedly, cops only tell me that it's not a big issue and they have sent the matter to cyber cell.\" Ekta added that police personnel also asked her why she answers calls from unknown numbers.Rajesh Chaudhary of Sector 25 said he has also been getting abusive calls. \"Sometimes a girl abuses me and sometimes it's a boy threatening. Generally these calls come after midnight.\"Admitting that there is a spurt in the number of crank calls in city, inspector Aman Kumar, station house officer (SHO) of Sector 14 police station, said, \"We have received several complaints where the victim alleges that they receive calls from unknown numbers and then a girl hurls insults. It's not just men who call and abuse but an increasing number of girls are doing so too.\" SHO of Chandimandir police station inspector Ramesh Chander said, \"Some victims say the caller sounds drunk.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12511437", "title": "Sushila Naik resigns as MMC chairperson", "text": "MARGAO: In what appears to be a jolt to the well laid-out plans by ex-chief minister and Margao MLA Digambar Kamat, 11 councillors of the Margao Municpal Council (MMC) moved a no-confidence motion against Kamat-backed chairperson Sushila Naik with the directorate of municipal administration (DMA), Panaji, on Monday morning.At the same time, Naik submitted her resignation as the chairperson to the DMA on Monday and chose to play down speculations that she had resigned due to the no-confidence motion. \"I never asked for this post. I only took it up when Kamat asked me to. I've resigned also, upon his instructions. I had expressed my willingness to resign earlier but Kamat asked me to wait till the elections were over,\" Naik told mediapersons on Monday.The 11 councillors led by ward No. 1 councillor Arthur D'Silva, accused Naik of never taking them into confidence on MMC matters and relying only on Kamat's instructions. They insisted that the decision was taken independently as councillors and was not based on the instructions of any political party.Fatorda MLA Vijay Sardessai had accused the councillors of being a \"BJP-backed Congress panel\".Incidentally, the 11 councillors also moved a no confidence motion against MMC vice-chairperson Gonzaco Rebello, who is backed by Sardesai. Sources said this move is aimed at reducing the long-standing influence Kamat had over the council.What has perhaps come as a shock to Kamat and has tipped the apple cart in favour of the rebel group, was councillors and Kamat's supporters Dhananjay Mayekar and Dayanand Duelkar's decision to back the group.When asked to comment over why he thought Mayekar and Duelkar decided to join the rebel group, Kamat said that he did not know, and added that \"Arthur may have promised them something\".Sources said that the D'Silva camp had informed all councillors about their no-confidence motion decision on Sunday night. On the same night, Deulkar spread the word that he was going to support the rebel councillors.Meanwhile on Sunday, Kamat and Sardesai also met and agreed that Naik would resign to ensure a smooth change of guard in the MMC. However, the duo was expecting a councillor from their camp to replace Naik.While Sardesai said that Rebello, who he stressed was an independent councillor, would not submit his resignation and would face the no-confidence motion as there was no prior complaint against him, D'Silva is tipped to be the next MMC chairperson. Stating that the 11 councillors were not backed by the BJP but the party \"may be their well wishers\" D'Silva said that he would have to consider the decisions of the other councillors before deciding on who the next chairperosn would be.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12512525", "title": "Cabbies up in arms against lifetime tax", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bangalore Tourists Taxi Owners Association (BTTOA) has spearheaded an agitation against the government's decision to levy 15% lifetime tax on commercial vehicles costing above Rs 10 lakh. Another 45 taxi and maxi cab operators will join them in front of the transport commissioner's office on Tuesday to submit a memorandum.BTTOA spokesperson Narendra Pani said if the tax is implemented, owners of vehicles like Innova or Xylo will have to pay Rs 2 lakh as tax, which will be a 'draconian move' from the government side. \"We had appealed to the chief minister and transport minister, but they asked the transport commissioner to take the final call. If he doesn't consider our plea, then we will have to surrender our vehicles under Motor Vehicles Act 28,\" he said.He added that Tamil Nadu charges nearly Rs 5,600 for commercial vehicles for a five-year period, while Gujarat charges 6% and Andhra Pradesh levies 4% annual tax on vehicles. More than 2,500 vehicles will be parked in front of the transport commissioner's office as a sign of protest. The All-India Motor Transport Congress is likely to participate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511438", "title": "IIT-Kharagpur board rejects HRD ministry's proposal to appoint full-time CVO", "text": "NEW DELHI: IIT-Kharagpur's Board of Governors (BoG) has rejected the HRD ministry's proposal to appoint a full-time Chief Vigilance Officer (CVO) even as it has recommended quashing of departmental proceedings against three faculty members based on a CBI report.The BoG resolved to write to the CBI to withdraw its report against faculty members, including IIT-Patna dean Anil Kumar Bhowmick (former dean of Sponsored Research and Industrial Consultancy Centre), Prof R N Banerjee (former project consultant) and Prof P P Chakrabarti (current SRIC dean). The trio was indicted by the CBI for outsourcing work to a private firm in violation of a contract with Coal India Limited (CIL).The 2007 report had been put in the cold storage. Sources said that the timing of the decision was significant as it could benefit the appointment process of IIT-Kharagpur director. The current director Damodar Acharya is slated to retire in June.The BoG meeting, which was held in December, 2011, turned down HRD ministry's proposal for a full-time CVO. Sources in HRD ministry said that the proposal had been made on the basis of a CVC recommendation. The minutes of the BoG meeting said, \"The Board also noted that IITs are subjected to CAG audit and any financial irregularities get exposed through the said mechanism. The Board, therefore, could not find justification in appointing a full-time CVO since there is not much of vigilance work and functional requirement or the same. The present system of appointing part-time CVO should continue.\"In brazen defiance of the contract, they had outsourced the entire job to M/s TCG (The Chatterjee Group) of an IIT-Kharagpur alumnus Purunendu Chatterjee in 2001 and 2004 on a back-to-back basis.The CAG report of 2009-10 had also pointed out that the Coal Net Project could not be completed even after seven years and an expense of Rs 39.58 crore. It blamed IIT-Kharagpur, the implementation agency, for inadequate monitoring of the implementation of the project resulting in its tardy progress that eventually led to the foreclosure of the agreement with the premier institution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12511895", "title": "SC to hear case of teacher who was offloaded from plane", "text": "MUMBAI: Jeeja Ghosh is awaiting the Supreme Court's judgment on the writ petition that she has filed against SpiceJet. The airline had allegedly insulted her by not letting her travel because she suffers from cerebral palsy.The 42-year-old teacher from the Indian Institute of Cerebral Palsy in Kolkata was all set to travel from Kolkata to Goa on February 19 for a conference in Goa. A spokesperson from SpiceJet had said Jeeja was not carrying her medical documents.Jeeja's petition will come up for hearing on Wednesday. \"It is not just about me. This kind of discrimination has been going on for a while. I want the system to change. I want people to know that there are rules which say that an airline cannot forbid a disabled person to travel unless there is a medical condition,\" said Jeeja, who is in Mumbai to attend a conference.\"We have filed for compensation against the insult inflicted on Jeeja,\"said Mithu Alur, founder chairperson of Able Disable All People Together (ADAPT).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12513378", "title": "Action against unauthorised constructions and encroachments priority for new Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority chief", "text": "PUNE: Divisional commissioner Prabhakar Deshmukh, who has been given additional charge as president of the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) on Friday said the authority will continue its action against unauthorised constructions and encroachments.Speaking to mediapersons after assuming charges at the PCNTDA, Deshmukh said a planned anti-encroachment drive was conducted for the past one week and that the drive will be speeded up.The PCNTDA, he said, will decide a policy about providing affordable housing to the people. The PCNTDA initially developed sectors to provide affordable housing. But later, not much construction was done. It instead gave plots for construction. Roads, flyovers and playgrounds were built and developed by PCNTDA, he said. Deshmukh said priority will be given for development. Works, which are still incomplete, will be taken up with the cooperation of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation, he said.Deshmukh said, \"The work of constructing the new administrative building, traffic park, railway bridge are in progress. We need to complete them quickly so that they can be utilised. The work on the flyovers at Kalewadi Phata and Tata Motors junction in Chikhli is in progress. The PCMC and the PCNTDA are developing the International Exhibition and Convention Centre at Moshi, which will be a pride of the city. We need to develop more such projects. We also need to develop more bazaars and toilets for the benefit of the local people.\" The PCNTDA, he added, will prepare a revised plan for filling up of vacant posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12513367", "title": "Solved: Mystery of \u2018beer goggles\u2019", "text": "LONDON: The mystery of \"beer goggles\" - the phenomenon by which people find opposite sex more attractive after just a few alcoholic drinks - has finally been solved.Researchers at Roehampton University claim to have found that the beer goggles effect all comes down to symmetry, where one side mirrors the other, or people's perception of symmetry after a couple of hours in a bar.In other words, alcohol dulls the drinker's ability to recognize cockeyed, asymmetrical faces. \"Alcohol affects our innate human ability to choose a mate. We tend to prefer faces that are symmetrical ,\" team leader Lewis Halsey said. For their research , the team designed an experiment involving images of faces that were tinkered with to make them perfectly symmetrical or subtly asymmetrical . Twenty images of a pair of faces were shown to 64 students. The findings revealed that sober students had a greater preference for symmetrical faces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12513135", "title": "HC seeks details of land allotment", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A division bench of the Allahabad high court has directed district administration of Allahabad to apprise the court about the scheme/ guidelines, if any, in respect of the allotment of land in Magh/Kumbh Mela areas in Sangam.The bench of Justice Amitava Lala and Justice PKS Baghel told the standing counsel of the state, Ramanand Pandey to produce the scheme, if any, in respect of allotment of land in Magh/Kumbh Mela areas . The court will hear the case on April 14.A writ petition had stated that there should be fair a process in allotting the land in Magh Mela areas. The bench, therefore, has sought details about the scheme for allotment of land.The court said it wants to see the criteria /scheme for allotment of land and also to resolve the future disputes in this regard.HC strikes down GO: The Allahabad high court has struck down para -2 of a government order, dated January 6, 2011, whereby the state government had said that in future no appointment on grade IV posts (except the junior cadre of technical posts) shall be made and such vacancies shall be managed by outsourcing.Passing the order, Justice Sudhir Agrawal stated that the said portion of the impugned government order was illegal, arbitrary, unconstitutional and ultra vires.Several writ petitions were filed in the high court by the committee of management of various colleges, challenging the said government order.Setting aside the government order, the court has directed the education authorities not to obstruct the process of selection and appointment on grade IV posts in secondary educational institutions only on the basis of the government order dated January 6, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12512269", "title": "School bans rickshaws from ferrying children", "text": "NOIDA: Hundreds of parents gathered outside a city school on Monday to protest its decision banning children from using the \"makeshift, covered rickshaws\" as a mode of transport. School authorities said safety and security of the children is their priority, which they do not want to compromise on. The parents, meanwhile, are up in arms against this decision and have decided to hold a \"peaceful\" dharna outside the school on Tuesday morning.On Monday afternoon, parents of several hundred schoolchildren went through a harrowing time when their wards did not reach home after school hours at the scheduled time. When they rushed to the school, they found that school authorities had refused to send students home in rickshaws. \"Our children were kept waiting for nearly two hours. There was absolute chaos when I reached the school around 2.30pm to collect my children,\" said Piyush Mohan, resident of sector 12, whose two children study in the school.\"We have been communicating with the parents about this problem from the past nine years asking them to find alternate modes of transport for their children,\" said the principal of the school. \"About 450 students use this 'unsafe and unhygienic' mode of transport,\" she said. \"Our appeals on numerous occasions received a lukewarm response,\" she added.For the new session, which started on April 2, the authorities finally decided to put their foot down and sent out circulars asking parents to desist from using the crudely improvised rickshaws. The circular also went on to say that the school was considering not allowing students to travel by the rickshaws from April 1.Alleging high-handedness on part of the school authorities, parents claim that it was unfair to expect them to adhere to the instructions banning rickshaws ferrying their children. \"I stay just half a kilometre away. Why should I pay Rs 800 for the school bus?\" asked Sanjeev Srivastav, whose son studies in class 1.Parents also said that the rickshaws were a convenient mode of transport and they always checked the antecedents of the rickshaw pullers before hiring them. \"We have no problems with the rickshaw pullers and they provide us service at out doorstep, which is very convenient when both parents are working,\" said another parent. \"Why should the school have a problem with this,\" asked Mohan.Justifying the school's stance, the principal said that it was her duty to address the safety of the children. When asked about the next step if parents did not abide by the school's decision, the principal said that she was willing to extend the time for parents to stop using this mode of transport and alternatively start using the school bus, van, or car pool.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511798", "title": "Flowers bloom in dust swirl: Summer\u2019s here", "text": "NEW DELHI: Summer's here. Don't wait for the Met department to announce it. You feel the noon sun burn on bared arms and look up: it's strong and ready to get harsher.Delhi's that rare city where spring and autumn kick in simultaneously in a swirl of dust and trees shed leaves right alongside the prettiest of flowers showing off, especially in the city's central areas not yet barricaded by Metro construction boards.But the city right through is splashed with gorgeous magenta bougainvillea and sparkling golden drops of the very yellow amaltas. Palash trees are so tall that one barely gets to see their layered canopy of fire-red flowers except when they drop down to land in browned remains. But basking in the beauty of Delhi's flowers is always tinged with a certain tension. Tension that's in the city's DNA. There's always tension, even if on sim.All this beauty only means summer's here. If by the start of March you're unsure whether to shed the jacket or not, by month-end, there's no way you can keep it on.And it's always worse than the year before. And invariably the optimists will say \"it's not been so bad this year so far.\" Year after year, it's the same lines we repeat and every year they remain valid.And every year, in a delightfully ritualistic way - even if it's a stark livelihood issue - it's fun to watch street vendors switch business. From pushing a cart selling socks, caps and strangely-shaped mufflers, the young man's now into selling jaljeera: on a bright red plastic sheet stretched on his cart stands this promising matka with sprigs of pudina invitingly strung around its neck. Ice-cream vendors and the nimbu-paani guys are out. Branded mineral-water carts are a relatively new thingamajig and Delhi's public is as wary of these carts as the vendors themselves. Nothing works like a quick nimbu paani, a glassful downed in one thirsty gulp.Branding after all is just not a Delhi thing. 'Delhi' is an overwhelmingly strong brand in itself and all other brands are simply subsumed in it. This is the city of mass. And in that very mass way, women's voluminous dupattas are out as they cover themselves in Chambalesque fashion while autowallahs en masse have upped their demand by the season's mandatory Rs 15. A Rs-40 trip now is a basic Rs 50 because he knows very well that them young working things won't want to stand in the heat and wait to flag down the next one; they'll hop in despite the \"unfair unreasonable exploitation\".The newcomers will live to tell their tales of My First Summer in Delhi. The oldies will provide them tips. And the old old Delhiite will hunker down and go slow like only he can. This too shall pass. Brace yourself, dilli meri jaan. Live through another summer, city of endurance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12512087", "title": "Nashik hospitals flout fire safety norms", "text": "NASHIK: These institutions are there to ensure the well-being of Nashikites but when it comes to abiding by the rules and following safety norms, the multi-storey hospitals coming under Nashik Municipal Corporation do not adhere to it. With over 90 per cent of the hospitals in the city not complying with the fire norms prescribed under the Maharashtra Fire Act, the fire department has sent notices to all these hospitals with a capacity of over 50 beds to abide by the safety norms by April 30 or face disconnection of electricity and water. Also, it has said if these hospitals fail to adhere to the rules by April 30, a much more stringent action will be taken against all these hospitals.It was the fire incidence in Kolkata in December that claimed over 90 lives that forced the directorate of health services of Maharashtra to sit up and take stock of hospitals. And with summer having set it, the department has suddenly realized the need for better compliance of fire safety norms.In Nashik, there are around 15 multi-storey hospitals or those having capacity of 50 beds and of these, 14 do not adhere to the Maharashtra Fire Prevention and Life Safety Measure Act, 2006.Most of the hospitals do not have adequate fire equipment to tackle a fire break out. A couple of months ago, the fire department gave a no objection certificate to Wockhart Hospital for compiling with the fire safety norms, while all other hospitals above 50 beds or multi-storeyed have been issued notices to comply by the act or face the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "12512313", "title": "Two killed in Howrah mishap; truck set on fire", "text": "HOWRAH: Locals of Howrah's Chamrail set ablaze a truck and shanties along the Kona Expressway after a road accident claimed two lives there on Monday evening. Five fire engines were pressed into service to control the flames. Cops were also injured after the irate mob attacked them.Cops on duty and locals chased the truck and got hold of it. An occupant of the cabin was arrested. A mob had gathered by then. They blocked Kona Expressway and set the truck on fire. A large police force from Liluah rushed to the spot to bring the situation under control. \"Some locals have been detained for the violence ,\" said Akhilesh Chaturvedi, DC (Traffic), Howrah City Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12512942", "title": "UDF members corner Congress for cabinet berths", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Political pressure is mounting on the Congress to given in to the IUML's demand for fifth minister in the cabinet. A day ahead of the KPCC meet that will discuss the issue, Piravom MLA Anoop Jacob of KC (J) along with party chairman Johny Nelloor called on IUML state president Panakkad Hyderali Shihab Thangal.After the 45-minute-long meet, Thangal said both Anoop and IUML's fifth minister will be sworn in on the same day and hoped that the date will be announced after the KPCC meet in the state capital.\"We have been pressing for a fifth minister since UDF came to power,\" Thangal said.KC (J) chairman Johny Nelloor said Anoop was here to thank the IUML for its support in Piravom bypoll. He was quick to add that demand for cabinet berth for KC (J) and IUML should not be clubbed. \"We expect the chief minister to announce the date of Anoop's swearing-in after the KPCC meets,\" he said declining to elaborate on the meeting with IUML leadership.KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala had earlier said that IUML's demand will be discussed in the KPCC meet on Tuesday. The meet is likely to witness differing voices on the issue as former KPCC president K Muraleedharan, MLA, had opposed the IUML's demand. The CPM leaders had said if IUML gets another berth in the cabinet it will affect the 'communal balance' in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12510971", "title": "Pay rupee 1 more to cross toll nakas in BEST buses", "text": "MUMBAI: Other than the proposed fare hike in bus tariff from one rupee to Rs 6 for a distance ranging from 1 km to 15 km, Mumbaikars will have to shell out one rupee extra if travelling in a bus beyond the city's limits.On Monday the Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport undertaking (BEST) approved the fare hike with an amendment that if a bus passenger is crossing the five toll posts, located on the fringes of the city, he or she would have to pay extra one rupee over and above the proposed fare hike.There are toll nakas at Dahisar on western express highway (WEH), Mulund on eastern express highway (EEH), Vashi on Sion-Panvel highway, the one on LBS marg near Mulund, and the one at Airoli towards Thane-Belapur road.\"The proposed hike is expected to be cleared by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) and the Regional Transport Office (RTO) by this month end and then it will be applicable to BEST passengers,\" BEST General Manager Omprakash Gupta told TOI.\"The hike will be for both the passengers who will cross the toll post in the bus to enter Mumbai or cross Mumbai to enter cities like Thane, Navi Mumbai, Mira-Bhayander, Vasai, Kalyan-Dombivili and so on,\" said Suhas Samant, a BEST committee member who proposed this amendment.Meanwhile, during the debate Sena-BJP members Dilip Patel and Samant said it was because the BEST was paying huge taxes to the state government and the centre worth crores of rupees, the burden was needed to be passed on to the consumers. However, congress members led by Ravi Raja strongly opposed the hike saying that it was BMC which should have reduced octroi and property taxes on BEST. After Congress, MNS and Samajwadi Party members walked out, Sena-BJP members approved the fare hike proposal in the presence of BMC standing committee Chairman Rahul Shevale and BEST committee Chairman Ashok Patil.* BEST Smart cardsType ..................Monthly ........................QuarterlyMagic ..............Rs 750 (Rs 550)........Rs 2000 (Rs 1500)Express...........Rs 1000 (Rs 800)..........Rs 2,700 (Rs 2,000)AC Diamond.. Rs 2000 (Rs 1500)..........Rs 5500 (Rs 4000)AC Express....Rs 2500 (Rs 2000) .........Rs 7000 (Rs 5500)(* Figures in Brackets are existing fares)* SHORT DISTANCE PASSESDistance .........................Monthly .2 kilometers.........Rs 220 (Rs 200).3 Km.....................Rs 308 (Rs 240)5 Km ....................Rs 440 (Rs 280)7 km .................... Rs 528 (Rs 320)10 Km ..................Rs 660 ( Rs 400)15 km ...................Rs 792 (Rs 480)20 km ..................Rs 880 (Rs 560)(* Figures in brackets are existing fares)Other daily bus tickets...Kms .......Express bus.....AC super ........AC fast* 2 km .......... Rs 6 ................Rs 15 ..............Rs 15* 3 km ........... Rs 9 ...............Rs 20 ..............Rs 25* 5 km ........... Rs 12 .............Rs 25 ..............Rs 35* 7 km ........... Rs 15 .............Rs 30 ..............Rs 45* 10 km.......... Rs 18..............Rs 35 ..............Rs 55* 15 km ......... Rs 21 .............Rs 40 ..............Rs 65* 20 km ..........Rs 24 .............Rs 45 ..............Rs75* 25 km ..........Rs 26..............Rs 50 ..............Rs 85", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511507", "title": "Bill to eliminate manual scavenging in monsoon session, Centre tells SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Monday informed the Supreme Court that it would introduce a Bill in Monsoon session of Parliament to amend the 19-year-old Employment of Manual Scavengers and Construction of Dry Latrines (Prohibition) Act to ensure rehabilitation of those engaged in such dehumanizing labour.A bench, comprising Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar, wanted additional solicitor general Harin Raval to tell the apex court the salient features of the Bill and whether it would render the pending PIL by NGO Safai Karmachari Andolan infructuous.The NGO's nine-year-old petition had detailed instances about the continuance of the abominable practice in many states, including Delhi, and alleged that the 1993 law against manual scavenging had not been able to eradicate the practice that found over five lakh people engaged in collecting and disposing night soil from homes in various states.The NGO through advocate Shomona Khanna had filed a contempt petition against Uttarakhand government alleging continuance of manual scavenging in some places of the hill state. The bench asked the government to respond to the charges, while seeking answer from Bihar , UP, Madhya Pradesh and Jammu and Kashmir to similar charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12510120", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav to contest legislative council election on April 26", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Election Commission (EC) will hold the biennial elections to fill 13 vacancies in the state Legislative Council of on April 26. The terms of 13 members are expiring on May 5. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav is expected to contest the election. He is at present member of parliament from Kannuaj and needs to be elected for one of the two houses of Vidhan Sabha (assembly or council) within six months to continue as chief minister.According to the schedule announced by the EC, the election notification will be issued on April 9, last date of filing nominations will be April 16, scrutiny of nominations will be held on April 17, last date for withdrawal of candidature will be April 19 and polling would be held on April 26 from 9 am to 4 pm. The counting would start on April 26 at 5 pm and results will be declared on the same day.The 13 MLCs of Uttar Pradesh who's terms are expiring on May 5 include Ashok Dhawan, Kashi Nath, Khwaja Haleem, Pradeep Kumar, Dayaram, Naresh Chandra Uttam, Babu Singh, Rampati Ram, Rakesh Singh Rana, Ram Naresh Rawat, Sunil Kumar and Harpal Saini. Of these, six are of SP, four belong to BSP, and three are from BJP.Members of the UP Legislative Assembly (MLAs) will elect the MLCs in the biennial council elections As per the latest party position in the 403-member state assembly, the SP with 224 MLAs can at least elect seven council members for the 13 seats falling vacant. Similarly, BSP with 80 members can elect four. Congress-RLD alliance and BJP can elect one each.At present, BSP has majority in 100-member legislative council. The party-wise position is: BSP 63, SP 13, BJP 9, Congress 3, teachers 7 and independents 4.Lobbying for selection of candidates for the council biennial elections has already begun in all the parties. While some of the retiring members are trying for re-nomination, a few big leaders who lost in the recent assembly elections are want their respective parties to nominate them.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and cabinet minister Ambika Chaudhary are expected to be SP candidates for the elections. Chaudhary had lost in the recent assembly elections. In order to remain in the cabinet, Chaudhary will also needs to be elected to either of the two houses within six months.Meanwhile, the Election Commission has also announced the schedule for by-election to the Rajya Sabha from Uttar Pradesh to fill up the vacancy caused by the resignation of Rashid Masood. The term of Masood, a former SP leader, who resigned from his Rajya Sabha membership on March 9 after he joined Congress ahead of the state assembly elections, was to expire on July 4, 2016. The notification to hold the bye-election will be done on April 9, the last date for filing nominations is April 16, scrutiny of the nominations will be held on April 17 and the last date for withdrawal will be April 19. The polling will be held on April 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12516144", "title": "Motorola demands $4bn from Microsoft", "text": "WASHINGTON: Microsoft Corp said Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc demanded $4 billion a year in patent royalties for use of technology critical to functioning of the Xbox video-gaming system.\"Motorola's demand was so over-reaching that no rational company could ever have accepted it or even viewed it as a legitimate offer,\" Microsoft said in a March 30 filing.Both companies want a federal judge in Seattle to rule whether Libertyville, Illinois-based Motorola Mobility broke its promise to license patents essential to comply with industry standards on wireless networking and video coding on fair and non-discriminatory terms.The case is part of a broader dispute in which Motorola Mobility is seeking to block sales of the Xbox, and Microsoft wants a ban on US imports of Motorola Mobility phones that run on Google Inc's Android operating system.Microsoft said Motorola Mobility is seeking $4 billion a year for licensing 50 patents on video compression. The entertainment division of Redmond, Washington-based Microsoft generated $8.9 billion in sales last year. Microsoft's total revenue was $69.9 billion in the fiscal year that ended June 30, 2011.The software maker said it pays $6.5 million a year to a group of 29 companies with 2,339 patents that cover the same industry standard.Standard offerMotorola Mobility contends that the licensing offer made in October 2010 -- a 2.25 percent royalty on the total value of a product -- was the same one it has presented to every company over the past decade as a starting point for negotiations. Instead, Microsoft filed the breach of contract suit.\"Microsoft did not write back to Motorola,\" Motorola Mobility said in its own March 30 filing \"Microsoft did not call Motorola to discuss the letters or any issues it had with the offers. Microsoft did not apply for a license.\"Microsoft had never licensed the technology, and Motorola never pushed it, because the two worked together to develop phones that used Microsoft's operating systems. The relationship strained when the Microsoft platform failed to gain market share and Motorola Mobility turned to Android, Motorola Mobility said.The court filings were earlier reported by the Foss Patents blog.Microsoft also has asked the court to prevent Motorola Mobility from obtaining a ruling in Germany that would limit sales of Microsoft products in that country. Today, Microsoft said it was moving its European logistics center out of Germany, to the Netherlands, because of the patent fight.Microsoft and Apple Inc, which has its own patent battles with Motorola Mobility, have both filed complaints with the European Union accusing the handset maker of misusing its patents on standard-essential technologyThe US case is Microsoft Corp vs Motorola Inc, 10cv1823, US District Court for the District of Washington (Seattle).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12516247", "title": "Nivin's getting noticed", "text": "Guess Nivin Pauly's angry looks aren't going unnoticed. Spotted by Vineeth Sreenivasan for his youth ensemble Malarvady Arts Club in 2010, the actor has now bagged the lead for ace director Sathyan Anthikad's next flick, which could be the youngster's biggest break till date.While Malarvady and Sevenes had his playing the angry young man, the yet-to-be-titled flick will have him romancing Namitha Pramod. The flick, penned by Benny P Nayarambalam, will be Sathyan's first non superstar-driven film since his 2005 hit Achuvinte Amma, which had then catapulted Narain to stardom.Meanwhile, Nivin is currently filming for Vineeth's Thattathin Marayathu in Thalasserry. The actor will also be seen in an upcoming music video of Sachin-Sreejith's Yuvvh opposite Nazriya Nazim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12513596", "title": "High humidity forces people to stay indoors", "text": "LUDHIANA: High humidity prevailed on Monday, bringing back the memories of monsoon for city residents. The weather was relatively hotter forcing residents to stay indoors enjoying ice creams in their air conditioned houses.Says Kulwinder Kaur Gill, associate Agro-meteorologist at PAU, ''Normally the humidity during this time of the year is upto 70% but on Monday morning humidity was about 90% which is mostly witnessed during monsoon. The humidity in the evening hours however will remain normal at 30% to 40%. This is mainly due to small clouds in the sky.'' He adds, ''The maximum temperature during the day was 36 degrees celsius, whereas minimum was 19 degrees celsius. This was higher as compared to the normal temperature during first week of April. However, we are expecting that humidity will go away. This may cause low pressure which will bring rain or high pressure which will result in a clear sky.''Sukhmani Enclave resident Shivani Chaudhry, a private school principal, says ''It was quite humid and hot today. The weather reminded me of the monsoon season when the humidity levels are quite high resulting in draining of water from the body in the form of sweat. I had to increase fluid intake due to mild sweating.''Model Town resident Kiranjeet Kaur, a college student, said, ''Normally, I take one or two bottles of water a day, but today I gulped atleast six bottles! I also had ice cream and lime water to beat the sultry weather.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12512933", "title": "Civic body plans ahead for garbage collection", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Municipal corporation is going to implement a new door-to-door garbage collection system and a meeting was conducted on Monday to plan its implementation effectively. The new system of collection is going to be implemented in Sector 22 from April 16. The authorities are also conducting a liaison with the resident welfare associations and representatives of market associations of Sector 22 to make them aware about the changes and ask for their coordination to make the system a success.The present system of garbage collection is largely not acceptable to the residents. The residents complaining that Sehaj Safai Kendras, where garbage is being sent from houses, spread stink and create insanitary conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12512606", "title": "6,000 peacocks likely to face a dry summer", "text": "INDORE: The forest department has reportedly not made any serious efforts for arranging water and food for over 6,000 peacocks during this summer in Indore even as the day temperature nears 40 degrees Celsius in the region. Bird lovers raise their finger on the laidback attitude of the forest department for zero summer preparedness, the forest officials claim that they are gearing up to make adequate arrangements soon for taking care of the national birds.Indore has around 6,200 peacocks. Dehydration and lack of food pose a major threat to the survival of peacocks during summer. Every year, forest department makes arrangement for water and food for the national birds during summer. But during this season, no such arrangements have been made so far, claims Dr Sudhir Khetawat, chairman, MP Branch of Karuna International. He added that with the summer has set in, most of the water bodies that quench the thirst of peacocks have dried up creating water scarcity for them.However, DFO Saeed Khan said, \"We have started a rehabilitation centre for peacock at our Navratan Bagh office and a veterinary doctor will be stationed there in the next few days. From April 10, our staff along with veterinary doctor will visit the villages to create awareness among the villagers on saving the national birds.\"He further said that department developed a medicine, a sort of ORS, for the peacocks that would prevent dehydration. This powder will be given to villagers, who will mix it in water and provide to peacocks. Dehydration kills several peacocks during summer. Beside this, the forest department has identified 110 centres including 20 in city where peacocks are present. A special focus will be given on these areas to save the life of national birds. In addition to this, the department is going to start 24x7 helpline for the protection of the peafowl. For gathering information on the ailing national bird, a team will rush to the place and provide necessary treatment to the bird.However, this is not enough to impress the bird lovers. Khetwat said that starting helpline only will not serve the purpose.\"Every year, forest department gets lots of fund for conservation of the national birds but till now no arrangements have been made for water and food. The forest department is only carrying out a formality and they are not taking any sincere effort to save the bird,\" he alleged. Khetwat said that food and water should be kept at proper place as the peacocks cannot fly long.He stressed that six years back, Indore had more than 8,000 peacocks and it shrank to 6200 today. If laxity on the part of the officials concerned continued, it might soon reach on the verge of extinction in the area in the near future. \"They are waiting for a catastrophe to happen and action will be taken only then,\" said Khetawat.The DFO refuted all the allegations and said that the department was taking care of the national birds and the number of deaths had been checked since last year. Continuous awareness drives by the department among the villagers found results and now they were coming forward to save the national birds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12513489", "title": "Soon, you can zip through e-toll booths on highways", "text": "CHENNAI: Imagine zipping past toll booths on the East Coast Road or Old Mahabalipuram Road without waiting in long queues or fumbling for change. Not for free of course, but it will definitely cut down travel time if the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) implements the electronic toll booth idea across all the highways.On a pilot project basis, NHAI installed electronic toll booths on the four-lane highway between Tindivanam and Ulunderpet in Villupuram on Sunday. Vehicles will be fitted with a stampsized radio-frequency identification (RFID) tag.\"The tag will look like a hologram sticker about the size of an old 1 note. An antenna will pick up signals from the tag as the vehicle nears the toll booth. Following this, the boom barriers at the toll booth will automatically go up, removing the need for the commuter to stop to pay,\" said a spokesperson for GMR Group, the company implementing the technology on the 73km stretch. As of now, some 20,000 vehicles use this stretch in both directions.So far, 700 state government buses have been fitted with RFID tags. These tags do not mean that vehicles can zip past at the same speed that they are travelling at. \"Vehicles will have to slow down. The tag can be read about 50 metres from the booth,\" said the spokesperson.Vehicle owners will have to pay the toll to NHAI in advance and the amount will be stored in the RFID tags. The tag will let the booth keeper know if the vehicle owner had paid the toll earlier. Only government buses have received these tags. \"We will soon start issuing the tags to everyone. It will cost 100 for a tag,\" said the GMR spokesperson. \"All four-lane national highways will have this facility ,\" said an NHAI official. But the cards are not accepted on all NHAI roads. \"Since the toll money goes directly to the concessionaire, it will not be possible to have an universal card,\" said an NHAI official.At present, India has about 41 lakh km of roads. Of this, about 71,800km belongs to NHAI and there are toll booths every 60-70 km. In Tamil Nadu about 61 ,000km of roads belong to the state highways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12511321", "title": "Ponda MLA orders drive against roadside hawkers", "text": "PONDA: The new Ponda MLA Lavu Mamledar on Monday said that he would not allow any hawkers on footpaths and on roadsides as their presence not only led to congestion and inconvenience to the public but also caused accidents.Speaking to reporters on Monday afternoon, Mamledar said that he has directed the Ponda municipal council (PMC) and the police to act on the roadside hawkers and vendors. He said that during his interaction it was brought to his notice that the roadside hawkers were the cause of traffic congestion at main places.Mamledar revealed that the police are empowered to act against these roadside hawkers under Section 34 of the Police Act while the municipality has powers to seize the goods and impose fines. Hence, he said that he has directed both the bodies to co-ordinate and act against this menace.PMC chairperson Rukmi Dangui said that the civic body has started collecting sopo tax on its own, alleging that a private contractor, who was collecting the tax during the last fiscal year, was charging the vendors excess money.Dangui said that the tax rates would be revised and new rates would come into force soon. \"There would be a slight rise in the sopo tax. However, the PMC personnel would not charge excess money from any vendor in the market premises,\" Dangui said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12511834", "title": "Online dash to save the vanishing sparrow", "text": "If you have been missing the once-familiar chirping of sparrows around your house, here's your chance to contribute to finding out why this com-mon bird seems to have disappeared from cities across India.A two-month-long online survey called Citizen Sparrow was launched on Sunday, inviting responses from people on questions such as when they last sighted the bird and details about the area they live in. The survey can be taken at www.citizensparrow.in.\"It is an elementary step to gather information. We are encouraging people to report their experience, be it a drastic drop in sparrow count or a sudden spurt. These inputs will give us valuable leads to compile pan-India data,\" said Suhel Quader, evolutionary ecologist at the National Centre for Biological Sciences.The environment ministry-funded survey is being undertaken by the Bombay Natural History Society, with the help of 10 partner organizations such as the Indian Bird Conservation Network and Nature Conservation Foundation. The disappearance of the house sparrow - so widespread till recently that the Chinese Communist Party declared it a pest in 1958 and asked people to exterminate it - remains a great modern mystery worldwide. In the UK , sparrows are estimated to have declined from over 12 million to 6 million since the mid-70s.While in Europe the decline has been documented and studied, there has been no major study in India so far. BNHS seeks to change that with its current initiative.\"The survey would give us the first baseline data about distribution of sparrows in the country. This would form the basis for futher research,\" said Karthik K, project coordinator.The objective of involving ordinary citizens rather than experts comes with a purpose. \"Almost everyone knows about sparrows. It is an attempt to reach out to people, asking them to share their stories and their understanding of these birds,\" said Quader.Participants in the survey would be asked to mark locations on a map and give information about their sparrow sightings, including sightings from the last year and even earlier. Such information will enable a comparison of sparrows in different places, and this is expected to point to particular threats or problems. The findings are intended to feed detailed studies investigating causes of decline and potential measures for the recovery of sparrow populations.Asad Rahmani, director, BNHS, said, \"The sparrow is an indicator of a trend. A number of other birds have also declined sharply in the past few decades. We hope the survey would provide more clues about why these birds are disappearing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12516006", "title": "Srijit facing camera in Anjan's next film", "text": "After two back-to-back successful films, \"Autograph\" and \"Baishe Srabon\", filmmaker Srijit Mukherjee is all set to face the camera in this year's national award winner Anjan Dutta's film 'Dutta vs Dutta'.Srijit, 34, who had earlier turned up in Aparna Sen's \"Iti Mrinalini\" in a significant role, said he would not speak much about his new assignment.\"Anjan da is my mentor who has helped me evolve into a director. I greatly learnt the craft from him before moving to film direction,\" said SrijitSrijit, who was speaking on location at a dingy north Kolkata neighbourhood last week, said his character is the reflection of an intellectual of 1970s as the film sought to recapture the spirit of Kolkata in those era.\"My character basically sustains itself on poem and music of those days and it is a reflection of that phase,\" he said.Dutta, whose film \" Ranjana ami ar Asbona\" recently bagged three national honours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12513584", "title": "Early detection crucial to improve life of autistic kids", "text": "COIMBATORE: As people across the globe observed World Autism Awareness Day on Monday, to create and spread awareness about autism, victims and their families continue to struggle due to lack of schools, infrastructure and coping mechanisms in the city.For the past several years B Lalitha, a widow residing in TNHB colony in Singanallur, has been trying to admit her 11-year-old son Akshay in the school near her house, but in vain, as he suffers from Autism.Autism is a group of developmental brain disorders, collectively called autism spectrum disorder (ASD). The term 'spectrum' refers to the wide range of symptoms, skills, and levels of impairment that children with ASD can have. Some are mildly impaired by their symptoms, but others are severely disabled.In the case of Akshay, his mother realised her son was suffering from severe disorder only when he was four years old. \"He was unlike other children, as he did not have normal responses in every day situations and behaved differently,\" Lata said.As he grew older, he became violent, and many schools refused to take him. \"After my husband's death, it has become difficult to make ends meet. I cannot afford to send him to schools that are far away. There are not many schools in the vicinity for children like him, so I'm in a fix,\" she lamented. Eventually, she was offered help from Change India, an NGO that attempted to place Akshay in a school for special children near Mettupalayam. However, Lalitha finds it difficult to stay long hours in the school.\"There are many people like Lalitha who fail to identify the problem early,\" said M Deepa, director of Sri Prashanthi Academy, a school for kids with Autism. She said that there is urgent need to create awareness about the disorder. Many such children are highly capable and early detection can help integrate them into the main stream.Autism Spectrum disorders are typically characterized by social deficits, communication difficulties, stereotyped or repetitive behaviors and interests or cognitive delays. These children find it difficult to communicate both verbally and non-verbally. They generally find difficulty in sharing emotions, understanding how others think and feel and carrying on a conversation. They tend to repeat words or actions, obsessively follow routines, and play in repetitive ways.The school began in 2006 with just three children and now there 96 children, said Deepa. Early diagnosis plays a crucial part in helping children function at their greatest capacity. She said that scientists don't know the exact causes of ASD, but research suggests that both genes and environment play a part. Though there are no short cuts to correct the disorder, there are ways to help minimize the symptoms of autism and to maximize learning.Behaviour management therapy helps to reinforce wanted behaviours, and reduce unwanted ones. Speech-language therapists can help victims improve their ability to communicate and interact with others. Occupational therapists can help people find ways to adjust tasks to match their needs and abilities. Physical therapists design activities and exercises to build motor control and improve posture and balance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12512792", "title": "Power shutdown this week", "text": "KSEB's cyclical 30-minute load-shedding began on Tuesday. The power-cut will be in effect from 6.30pm to 10.30 pm, from till April 8.Under Kaloor substation: Power house - 6.30pm - 7pm; Tata - 7pm - 7.30pm; Vaduthala - 7.30pm - 8pm; Banerjee Road - 8pm - 8.30pm; Kaloor - 8.30 - 9pm; Cheranallore - 9pm - 9.30pm; Marine Drive - 9.30pm - 10pm; High Court - 10pm - 10.30pmKaloor-Kadavanthra substation: Highway - 8pm - 8.30pm; Elamakkara - 7.30pm - 8pm; Girinagar - 7pm - 7.30pm; Kathrikadavu - 7pm - 7.30pm; Thammanam - 9.30pm - 10pm; Janatha - 10pm - 10.30pm; Edappally - 8.30pm - 9pm; Ponoth - 7.30pm - 8pm; Pottakuzhy - 6.30pm - 7pm; SA Road - 6.30pm - 7pm; South - 7pm - 7.30pm; Kundannoor - 10pm - 10.30pmEdappally substation: AIMS - 8pm - 8.30pm; Palace - 7.30pm - 8pm; Ponekkara - 7pm - 7.30pm; Pachalam - 8.30pm - 9pm; Oberon Mall - 6.30pm - 7pmPerumanoor substation: MG Road - 6.30pm - 7pm; Foreshore - 7pm - 7.30pm; TD Road - 7.30pm - 8pm; Chittoor - 8pm - 8.30pm; Thevara - 8.30pm - 9pm; MES - 9pm - 9.30pm; Kizhavana - 9.30pm - 10pmPanampilly Nagar substation: Gandhi Nagar - 7pm - 7.30pm; Cochin - 7.30pm - 8pm; Padiyath - 8.30pm - 9pm; Panampilly Nagar - 9pm - 9.30pm; KP Vallon - 9.30pm - 10pmWillingdon Island substation: Cochin Port - 9.30pm - 10pm; South Jetty - 7pm - 7.30pm; Pyarry - 10pm - 10.30pm; Vathuruthy - 7.30pm - 8pm; Kattaribag - 8pm - 8.30pmMattancherry substation: Fort Cochin - 7pm - 7.30pm; Fire Station - 6.30pm - 7pm; Aroor - 9pm - 9.30pm; Thoppumpady - 9.30pm - 10pm; Mattancherry - 10pm - 10.30pmMarine Drive substationTown Hall - 7pm - 7.30pm; Goshree - 6.30 pm - 7 pm; Menaka - 7.30pm - 8pm; Vallarpadam - 8.30pm - 9pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12512386", "title": "ECR initiates summer safety measures", "text": "PATNA: East Central Railway (ECR) has taken up summer safety measures under all its five divisions in view of the rising mercury. A comprehensive plan has been chalked out under the supervision of ECR GM Varun Bharthuar to ensure safety on tracks.According to ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha, railways has launched a special drive at all vulnerable places to maintain smooth running of passenger and goods trains originating or passing through the zone. Extra alert is being maintained during peak time of the day when mercury is high, he said.Sources said the movement of trains is badly affected in summer due to buckling of tracks caused by excessive heat. Buckling often causes derailment of trains if preventive steps are not taken immediately. Railways carries out destressing of tracks to avert any mishap due to buckling, the sources said.The CPRO said an action force has been set up for patrolling tracks during peak hours from 11am to 4pm in each division. In case of detection of any fault, the action force team immediately reports the matter to the headquarters control room and repair work of the damaged tracks is taken up on a priority basis to ensure the safety of passengers and railway property, he said.ECR has started surprise inspections to check summer safety preparedness. While footplating (travel on locomotives) has been going on, particularly on mail and express trains, counselling is on at all important centres from where crew members (drivers and guards) board their respective trains for duty, Ambastha said.According to the CPRO, under the supervision of ECR GM, a team of officials has been deployed to check summer safety measures in the zone. Railway gangmen and keymen have been asked to remain vigilant while patrolling the tracks, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "haibowal kalan", "code": "12513731", "title": "All about connecting, inspiring people online", "text": "HAIBOWAL KALAN: He started a community based services portal when he was 18. His Facebook page has over 1,200 followers, while his group on the social networking site has over 1,600 followers from across the globe. He has written articles on his blog and remarkably hasn't earned a penny out of the portal or the blog.Talking about the direction he has taken, the 20-year-old Ishaan Kumbkarni says he has \"restructured\" his life. \"The conventional way of education was not my cup of tea. I always wanted to venture into the unknown,\" he says.Acting as a medium in providing intellectual resources, motivating people and connecting them to motivational leaders like Tony Robbins, Jim Rohn and Robin Sharma, Ishaan has developed an \" ecosystem,\" where people can interact with each other and put forth their ideas and concerns. Recently, he also conducted talks primarily focusing on youths in the city under a youth conclave he organized.Talking about his page and the group he has started online, Ishaan, who operates from his house says, \"I have a small online database of pictures, videos and articles which people can access. I did a lot of research before writing over 35 poems, besides articles on simple topics like laughter, happiness and humility.\" He adds that his motto has always been - inspire and be inspired.Stirred by the late Apple head Steve Jobs , he says that he always wanted to start an initiative on his own. \"It may not be as big as what Jobs' created, but at least I have created something that was not there before. If I can build something at 18 with no experience, I can also build something bigger and better at 25 with a little experience,\" smiles Ishaan.Not earning money was not a drawback, as the experience he gained through this was quite valuable, he enthuses.Coincidentally, the street where he lives in is called, dream lane, and his ultimate dream is to make a mark in the corporate world. He likes to take one step at a time and plans to do an MBA before venturing further in the field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12512629", "title": "Taps turn wellsprings of diseases", "text": "BANGALORE: The death of two-year-old Chandan in JJ Nagar last week due to suspected water contamination, has sent warning signals across the city.Valmiki K, an 80-year-old from Vishwanath Nagenahalli near Hebbal, woke up on March 22 to a stench. It took him a while to figure out that tap water was the source of the malodour.He called BWSSB officials who later collected water samples from his house and disconnected the supply. But that was the last he heard from the board. \"It's been more than 10 days since we received water and no action has been taken,\" Valmiki told TOI.Complaints GaloreAdmitting that BWSSB gets complaints of water contamination daily, chief engineer T Venkataraju said: \"The minute we get such complaints, we stop supply to that area. We take samples and test them further.\" \"If water has residual chlorine of 0.2 particles per million, it'll be fit for drinking. We check the possible causes for contamination. In most cases, it's caused when drinking and sewage water get mixed. Sometimes, when BBMP constructs tertiary drains, sewage connections will be hit and it could aggravate contamination,\" he explained. Venkataraju denied Chandan's death was due to water contamination. \"We inspected the surroundings of the boy's house. That house had no water connection. The death was not due to contamination,\" he asserted. But the boy's parents and neighbours are certain that Chandan's health got worse after he drank BWSSB's tap water.Diseases upDoctors, meanwhile, confirmed that water-borne diseases are on the rise in the city because of contaminated water. General physicians and internal medicine experts said they are getting 10 to 12 cases every day, mostly of children suffering from water-borne diseases.Doctors said bacteria, virus and parasites travel in contaminated water. \"They spread diseases like diarrhoea, cholera , typhoid, viral hepatitis and polio. Virus can also infest the intestine with worms, which are troublesome for young children and can cause dysentery. We get 4 to 5 cases on consumption of contaminated water daily,\" said Dr Gift Norman, head of the department, Community Medicine, Bangalore Baptist Hospital.\"Children, pregnant women and senior citizens are most vulnerable to contaminated water. Continuous consumption of such water can harm your kidney and abdomen. It can also be the root cause of many types of cancer ,\" said Dr Sonali Ray, HoD, family medicine department, Narayana Hrudayalaya. \"One should drink only clean and boiled water. We must also pay attention to personal as well as public hygiene and keep our surroundings clean,\" she added.Flooded by callsBWSSB said most complaints on water contamination are from low-lying areas such as Pillanna Garden, JJ Nagar, Jogu Palya and Jeevan Bima Nagar.BWSSB officials confirmed that they are flooded with complaints of not only water shortage but also contamination. In February, they received 56 complaints and in January, it was 62. Since August 2010, the board received 1,015 water contamination cases from across the city.The contamination is highest in East Bangalore where sanitary and water pipelines have broken since it was laid over 70 years ago.RWH checks BEGIN from todayThe deadline to install rainwater harvesting (RWH) system wasn't taken seriously by many Bangaloreans. The dates have been extended time and again for the past two years ever since the regulation was adopted by the BWSSB. The water board will now depute six divisional officers, 27 regional officers, 108 water inspectors and 309 meter readers to patrol areas from Tuesday to check whether the RWH system has been installed or not.Borewell water a problem tooBWSSB taps are not the only source of contaminated water. Borewell water has also been the source of increasing health disorders this summer. Dr Kartik Nag, consultant and head of department of paediatrics, Manipal Hospital, said: \"Every day, we see 10 to 12 children suffering from gastroenteritis or diarrhoea and vomiting. During this season, the groundwater table hits a low and there are chances of water being contaminated with chemicals and toxins. Children are most prone to water diseases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12515541", "title": "Two teenagers drown", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two teenagers drowned in the Gomti River while taking a bath, police said today.The two, aged around 15, drowned in Gaughat in Madiaon area here last evening.Police is trying to ascertain their identities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12511395", "title": "Congress uses CAG report findings to corner Narendra Modi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress continued its attack on Narendra Modi for CAG report alleging corruption in Gujarat, marking a shift in party strategy of using \"Godhra riots\" to target the chief minister. The elections are due in state later this year.AICC spokesman Manish Tiwari on Monday questioned BJP's silence on the top auditor's report highlighting questionable decisions that cost Gujarat coffers over Rs 16,000 crore. He said the report was tabled because of governor's prodding, but the CM took care to put it before the assembly on the last day of the budget session in flagrant violation of norms to do so within seven days.\"But why this deafening silence from BJP's central leadership? If you believe in CAG findings, why have you not acted against Gujarat government and if you do not believe in it, then why don't you have the courage to say so? These are double standards but unfortunately, that is BJP,\" Tiwari said, referring to the opposition party \"wiping out an entire Parliament session\" over a CAG report. \"You cannot have one standard for CAG reports in Delhi and completely different standard when it comes to a BJP-ruled state,\" he said.The attack on Modi appeared part of a calculated campaign, with Gujarat PCC chief Arjun Modwadia and the leader of opposition in assembly Shaktisinh Gohil having launched a scathing attack on Friday.Observers felt Congress appeared keen to latch on the corruption issue to target Modi, confident that the audit report would help bring into question his forte of governance. The report shows the government having favoured handpicked industrialists at the cost of the state exchequer, an observation that the party feels can be used to impress upon voters that they were being shortchanged for the rich.CAG report is significant for Congress because BJP may find it difficult to wriggle out of the controversy after mounting attacks on the Centre over 2G, airport and coal on the basis of audit findings.It would be a major shift in Congress strategy. The party has failed to get past the Hindutva strongman in last 10 years, but has been persistent on trying to nail him on the 2002 riots. Insiders and independent observers have long felt that using riots as a poll issue was counterproductive for Congress since it polarized the Hindus in favour of BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12511994", "title": "Ram Rath procession today", "text": "NASHIK: About 250 police personnel and home guards will be deployed in the old parts of the city on Tuesday to prevent any untoward incidents during the Ram Rath and Garud Rath processions on their traditional routes.After celebrating Ramnavami, the birth of Lord Rama, on Sunday, Nashikites will throng the old parts of the city to witness the rath processions, which are held every year after Ramnavami amid chants in praise of God.A senior police official said a huge police force has been deployed to prevent any untoward incidents during the processions, which will begin on Tuesday evening.Vehicular traffic on the traditional route of the processions will be banned during the evening. All roads towards Ganeshwadi, Gadge Maharaj Bridge, Rokdoba Temple, Nehru Chowk, Main Road, Bohor Patil, Dahipool, which form the points of the traditional route, will be closed for traffic, informed the Panchavati police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12513091", "title": "We have enough MLAs to take care of disgruntled ones: Chandrabhan", "text": "JAIPUR: PCC president Chandrabhan on Monday rubbished the resentment among party legislators against the Ashok Gehlot government, saying it was \"normal\".At least 13 legislators of the ruling Congress met party supremo Sonia Gandhi's political advisor Ahmed Patel on March 31 and complained against the chief minister's style of functioning. Sources said the legislators emphasised for even a change of leadership in the state to safeguard the party's prospects in the next assembly elections due in December 2013.Chandrabhan, however, said, \"We have support of 111 legislators in the assembly. If a dozen of them are not happy, it is normal.\" \"In politics, some resentment is always there. These people complained to the high command in the past also, so what is new this time. We are a democratic party,\" he added.Party sources, on the other hand, said that the number of legislators who went to Delhi to complain against the Gehlot government was much higher than those who actually met Patel on Saturday night. \"More than two dozen legislators had gone, but half of them returned due to pressing personal reasons,\" a senior leader from the state said.Nimbahera (Chittorgarh) legislator Udai Lal Anjana, who was among those 13 complainants, confirmed that the actual strength of disgruntled legislators from the state was \"much more\". \"Many of them could not join us at the last minute due to personal reasons,\" Anjana said.The legislators from almost every division of the state were believed to have stressed before Patel that while the ministers and the bureaucrats were indifferent towards the common man, the chief minister was unwilling to listen to the party legislators on the issue. The legislators underscored how this was sending a \"wrong message\" among the masses and how it could cost the party dearly in the assembly elections next year.A recent remark by chief minister Gehlot is also believed to have fuelled the resentment among the legislators. In response to a reporter's question soon after presenting the state budget on March 26, chief minister Gehlot said: \"I will complete this tenure and the next tenure will also be mine. No one should have any doubts about it.\" Gehlot was asked if the Vidhan Parishad he proposed in the budget would be created within his present tenure.On being asked if Gehlot was overruling the party high command in projecting himself the next chief minister, too, Chandrabhan replied, \"This is not true. All he meant was that the next government in the state will also be of the Congress.\"The Congress state president maintained that the disgruntled legislators never met the chief minister or him with their complaint about not getting a hearing from the ministers of the bureaucrats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-03"}
