{"city": "None", "code": "12001906", "title": "Shubha Phutela sets her priorities right", "text": "Bangalore-based Shubha Phutela, who was supposed to make her Sandalwood debut with Jai Bhajarong Bali, has opted out of the project.The film's director, Ravi Verma, says, \"She recently called up and informed us that she wouldn't act in the film. We learnt that her father didn't approve of her acting in this project.\"But Shubha, who is currently working on Maalai Pozhudhin Mayakathilaey (MPM), cites her Tamil film commitments for opting out of the project. She adds, \"I'm not doing that film anymore as the dates didn't work out because of my Tamil film commitments. The makers of MPM are looking at completing the project at the earliest. They also want their exclusivity rights.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12004024", "title": "Reality show or staged reality on Colors?", "text": "TV actress Khushboo Kamal who is currently seen in 'Piya Ka Ghar Pyara Lage' on Sahara One feels cheated by the makers of a reality show.It so happened that Khushboo shot for a fiction show last year in October for Fremental India Pvt. Ltd. And now the show is soon set to go on air and is being promoted as a reality show. The show in question is Zindagi Ki Haqiqaat Ka Aamna Samna which will go on sir from February 25 on Colors channel.A source close to Khushboo informs, \"When Khushboo shot for the show, she was informed that it was a show based on imaginary stories titled Aamna Samna and will be shown in the afternoon slot. However the show will soon go on air in the prime time slot and is being projected as a reality show.\"The problem is that Khushboo is not married in real life and the particular episode is portraying her as married. Being projected as a reality show, people would believe she is married in real life. The source adds, \"Khushboo is unable to face her family, her friends or her relatives. She is horrified to face the situation whenever she is ready for marriage. She is also contemplating to take legal action\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001273", "title": "Sales tax yield high in 'T'roubled region", "text": "HYDERABAD: Contrary to the general perception, the Telangana factor has not affected the pace of industrial growth in the state and records show that the region has been exceeding targets in terms of commercial tax collections in the current fiscal year.Interestingly, the region fared better than Seemandhra in terms of revenue collection even when the Telangana agitation was at its peak, during last year's Sakala Janula Samme.According to data available with the commercial taxes department, up to December 2011, the districts of Nalgonda and Adilabad have exceeded expectations to notch up 105.11% and 106.84% of their respective targets. Other districts in the Telangana region have almost similar records.The target fixed for Nalgonda, for the first half of the current fiscal, between March and September, was Rs 277.51 crore whereas the collection achieved was Rs 291.71 crore. Adilabad's target was Rs 70.58 crore and the revenue realised was Rs 75.41 crore.While the twin cities of Hyderabad and Secunderabad collected Rs 4,713.78 crore against a target of Rs 4,940.15 crore, which means there was a 95.41% realisation, the districts of Nizamabad, Karimnagar and Warangal, too, have fared well to achieve realization of nearly 90% of their targets.The cumulative revenue collected from all the districts is at least 120% more than that for the corresponding period last fiscal when the Telangana districts had fetched a cumulative Rs 10,237.37 crore. They have realised Rs 5,354.08 crore for the first half of the current fiscal and it is expected that they will altogether cross Rs 11,000 crore. Among the rest of the districts, only Visakhapatnam and Nellore have exceeded targets, having realised 101.63% and 107.60%, respectively. In contrast, other districts have achieved more modest returns at an average of 85%.While officials in the commercial taxes department are crediting systemic efficiency for this success, Telangana activists are attributing it to the sincerity of the region's taxpayers. M Kodandaram, chairman of the Telangana Joint Action Committee, said: \"The traders and industrialists in Andhra and Rayalaseema have political backing and get away with tax evasion.But people of Telangana will never indulge in such things.\" He, however, said that the region which fetched handsome revenues was being ignored when it came to development.\"We were clear that economic growth should not be affected by the movement. The tax compliance is the result of that,\" Kodandaram said. Nitin K Parekh, chairman of the taxation committee of the Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industries (FAPCII), however, refused to buy that argument, attributing the success story entirely to inflation and efficiency in tax collection due to technological innovations. Noting that the figures available were only up to December last, Parekh said that the Telangana movement might have had a lag effect and it would reflect in the data for the period January to March 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001942", "title": "I don\u2019t mind being linked with singles: Bipasha", "text": "Need advice on hooking up, making up and breaking-up, then ask the expert. Bipasha Basu - diva at times, hippie at heart and sexy as ever - recounts her finest moments as a single hottie and tells you all there is to know about those darned relationships. Read on...Conning, jodi-breaking, you're quite in a mood this year... I would say I've started the year on a naughty note. Ha, ha..Players was a negative role, but I don't think Jodi Breakers is. It's a romantic comedy, we're not against love. We only help unhappy couples break-up.Can people stay friends after a break-up? I've managed it pretty well. I'm great friends with all my exes, be it Milind or Dino. I think it depends on the frame of mind you're in, and how you part ways.You've been proudly promoting 'singlehood' lately... I'm not propagating singlehood forever. But it's very important in life to be single and focus on yourself.So now you've realized what you were missing out on? Being committed is fantastic. I've experienced that. But I've just realized that being single can be so much fun! I haven't been single since the age of 15. My sister tells me that I'm seeing the world like a 19-year-old. I'm a free bird, I'm socialising more, and I'm meeting friends and going out... I feel like a teenager.Are you back in the dating game? Male attention obviously matters a lot to me. I'm meeting interesting men and going out. But it's not technically dating. It's a very frivolous word. I don't even know what it means. I'm not a frivolous person; I can't 'date' someone.\"Being single, you're bound to be linked with your co-stars... I don't mind being linked with singles. If I'm going out for dinner with a single friend and there is a link-up rumour about that, it's fine with me. But I'd be furious if I'm linked to a committed person or a married man.What is the strongest ground for a couple to break up - infidelity, lack of romance or lack of commitment? nfidelity, hands down. That's absolutely not acceptable.Have you ever played a Jodi Breaker in real life? Well, there have been times when I didn't like something about a friend's boyfriend, and I've told them upfront. I'm a brutally honest person and a brutally honest girlfriend. I don't like sugar-coating things. So I can be blunt about anything.You were very open about your relationship, but you seem to be more guarded now... Yes, I was open about it and I regret it. I will be more discreet the next time. You won't get a statement from me.By Madhureeta Mukherjee", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002034", "title": "'Bachelor Party' to shoot all night", "text": "The cast and crew of Amal Neerad's Bachelor Party are pulling out all-nighters for the movie's current schedule in Kallikotta Palace, Thripunithura.It also marks a total weather change for the team, who apparently had loads of fun filming in Munnar for a week prior to this schedule. Actor Indrajith, remarking the temperature is getting to him, had tweeted, \"The heat inside the palace is exhausting with all windows closed and the lights on.\"Incidentally, Indran's been burning the midnight oil a lot lately. His flick Ee Adutha Kaalathu, which will be released shortly, \"had about 80 per cent night scenes with shooting mostly winding up by 3 am,\" informs the actor.However, this is hardly keeping the actor from pulling out all the stops. The actor has signed up for six projects this year, the latest being a children's movie 101 Chodyangal, apart from five others which are in the production or post-production stage such as Premlal's Outsider and Anish Anwar's Mullamottum Munthirichaarum.With such a packed schedule, it's understandable that Indrajith might not be getting the chill hours he deserves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11998634", "title": "Switch to CNG may reduce fare", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Transport Authority (MMRTA) is all set to make autos powered by compressed natural gas (CNG) compulsory in Navi Mumbai, which may result in reduction in fares by nearly 30%.The transport authority may pass a notification at a meeting scheduled for the weekend, sources said.Between Vashi and Kharghar, most autos run on petrol and the Regional Transport Office (RTO) approves a tariff meant only for such autos. Even those autos run on CNG charge commuters as per the petrol tariff, which is higher.Consequently, passengers in Vashi have to shell out a minimum fare of Rs 15 while their counterparts in Mankhurd pay just Rs 11. Similarly, passengers have to pay higher fares when they cross over from Thane and Mulund to Airoli.\"I had planned to file a PIL in the high court on the fare disparity in the neighbouring cities,\" activist Ravi Srivastava said.\"The RTO must make it mandatory for all autos in Navi Mumbai to switch over to green fuel. It will curb air pollution,\" he added.Srivastava also wants introduction of more share auto services near Vashi, Sanpada, Nerul, Belapur and Kharghar stations. \"Citizens should get an economical mode of transport to home, college or workplace,\" he added. A senior MMRTA official said, \"The proposal to make CNG mandatory for autos in Navi Mumbai has been drafted. It will be cleared during this week's meeting.\" Transport officials are lobbying with Mahanagar Gas Ltd to set up more CNG filling stations.Auto union members are, however, opposed to reduction in fares and have threatened to agitate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12002702", "title": "Cases may be filed against GMC docs", "text": "PANAJI: With Agasaim police receiving a report from Goa medical college ( GMC) and hospital stating that \"there was lack of cognizance, initiative, enthusiasm and close observation,\" on the part of the doctors and nurses in the neo-natal ward which resulted in a 27-week-old baby developing gangrene in his right hand, the police are contemplating registering cases against 15 doctors and nurses, who were posted in the neo-natal ward from January 3 to January 31.\"We have referred the matter to seniors for their advice,\" said an official.The baby has been in an incubator at the hospital since over a month as he was born premature and weighed only 950 gms. On January 3, he was given an intravenous injection. \"It is suspected that a needle, instead of going to the vein, went into the artery thereby compressing the artery and affecting the blood circulation to the arm,\" sources explained.The baby was first treated for a swelling. But, even as the swelling disappeared, there was blackness at the spot, which the doctors found was gangrene. Later, the father lodged a police complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12002013", "title": "Wah! Mushaira tradition endures in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Urdu poet Rahat Hararat doesn't just have a funny name. Every time he recites a poem, the audience erupts into peals of laughter and bursts out into a cacophony of 'wah wahs '. Hararat, whose pen name can be roughly translated to 'comic relief', performed for students of New College in Royapettah at a mushaira or recital on Wednesday. The comic poet is one among a group of artists keeping the tradition of 'shayari' or poetry alive in the southern partof the country.\"There are 11 towns between Krishnagiri andR anipet in Tamil Nadu where Urdu poetry hassurvivedfor morethan 300 years,\" says veteran poet Shadab Bedharak, who also performed at the event. Bedharakbelongsto a family of leather tanners from Vaniyambadi and has been performing for over 35 years.\"The perception that Urdu isless popular in thesouththan the north is misleading. Scholars and poets here have nurtureditwithhardwork and passion,\" says Hararat, who has been performing for the past 22 years. At the college event, poems ranged from comic and political satires to devotional poems andlovesongs.Every year, the annual All India Urdu Mushaira, brings famous poets from all over the country to Chennai and attracts a fairly large audience. \"The event was first organized by my father 62 years ago and it may be among the longest-running events in the country,\" says Chennai based poet and paediatrician Dr Aejaz Hussain whohasbeen organizing it for 20 years. \"However, only the Urdu-speaking community is awareof the mushaira.\"Hussain says the tradition is not dying but the number of people it attracts is on the decline. \"The present generation is more interested in loud and peppy film music.\" Ironically, it was film music that attracted Bedharak to Urdu poetry and he is also well known for parodies based on popular Hindi movie songs. \"When I was young I would listen to songs like 'Dum Maro Dum' and change them to 'BombM aroBomb'.Bedhadak, whose name can be roughly translated to 'no holds barred ' is known for hissatirical poems on currentissues and is a hit on YouTube. He says many of his poems also have English or colloquial words, which make them more accessible.Bedhadak has around eight young 'shagirds' or students. There are also a few budding poets among the 200 students whostudy Urdu astheir second language at The New College. \"The language can bekept alive if children are encouraged to learn Urdu.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11997834", "title": "Court seeks Mumbai varsity panel response in V-C case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Wednesday sought an explanation from the University of Mumbai's search committee whether it considered relevant research publications submitted by Rajan Welukar while short-listing him for the post of vice-chancellor.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Girish Godbole on August 10, 2011 delivered a fractured verdict on petitions challenging the July 7, 2010 appointment of Welukar as vice-chancellor for five years, saying he does not possess essential qualifications. While Justice Shah agreed that he fulfils all qualifications, Justice Godbole said a fresh search committee needs to be constituted to look into his five research publications to know whether they were peer-reviewed. In view of the split verdict, a third judge was to decide the issue.However, Justice S J Vazifdar held there is no evidence that the search committee had considered only the relevant five of the twelve publications submitted by Welukar. He disagreed with Justice Godbole 's finding that there is non-application of mind by the committee and there is any serious error in the absence of any evidence. \"In my opinion,The conclusion as to whether the decision makers had exercised power of non-application of mind to relevant fact or on the basis of the facts which do not exist and are erroneous, must await the response of the respondents to the query as to which of the twelve publications were considered by them before including Welukar's name in the list of eligible candidates,'' wrote Justice Vazifdar.He also noted Welukar has not mentioned his PhD date in his curriculum vitae and the same was furnished only in an affidavit filed subsequently. Justice Vazifdar has disagreed with Justice Shah that Welukar's appointment be upheld on the ground that the chancellor and the search committee had the power to relax any condition in case of a deserving candidate.He said such power is not available to a chancellor and there is no record to show the search committee exercised such power. Justice Vazifdar said question of dismissal or allowing the petitions can be decided only after explanation from the committee. \"I can't say either way. It is better to await the search committee's response. I have not set aside or confirmed Welukar's (Welukar's) appointment,\" he said while pronouncing the verdict. while pronouncing his verdict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11999466", "title": "Lawyer alleges harassment by cops", "text": "A city-based lawyer on Wednesday submitted a complaint about being harassed by police over frivolous issues with senior police and UT officials.Ajay Sood alleged two cops- sub-inspector Gurdev Singh and constable Kaptan Singh- have been harassing him over an old dispute.Sood said he was manhandled by these cops at a petrol pump in Sector 33 in May 2011. Following this, he had lodged a complaint with Police Complaints Authority (PCA), which held these cops guilty, but no action was taken against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11997960", "title": "City to get brief respite from heat", "text": "NEW DELHI: For a brief period from Thursday, Delhiites will get to enjoy cooler weather. Wednesday saw the maximum temperature reach a sizzling 30.1 degrees Celsius, five degrees above normal while the minimum temperature went up to 12.8 degrees Celsius, two degrees above normal. The biting cold seems to have bid farewell to the city.Temperatures were consistently high across the capital with Palam, Ridge and Ayanagar recording maximum temperatures above 30 degrees. Pitampura saw the highest minimum temperature of 15.7 degrees Celsius. Most places experienced a warm morning with the night temperature above 14 degrees.\"Temperatures have been rising since the past week though the most drastic rise was recorded between February 20 and 21 when the maximum temperature shot up by almost four degrees. This was due to a western disturbance over the western Himalayas which caused a change in wind direction over the plains. At present, warm and moist southerly winds blowing over the region have kept temperatures on the higher side. The western disturbance is now moving and under the influence of cold northerly winds blowing from the snowed hills the temperatures will also drop,\" said a Met official.Director of IMD, BP Yadav, said that while both maximum and minimum temperatures would fall, they would settle at figures of 25 to 10 degrees respectively. However, it wouldn't get very cold. \"Holi is just a fortnight away and by now temperatures usually start rising. The weather is not conducive to fog formation either as temperatures are too high. Once the northerly winds start, humidity levels will fall. But, we cannot rule out the possibility of freak fog later on,\" he said.On Wednesday, temperatures rose by 2-4 degrees over many parts of Haryana, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, east Rajasthan and north Madhya Pradesh. They were 2-4 degrees above normal over many parts of northwest India and north MP.Fatehgarh in UP recorded the lowest minimum in the plains with 7.2 degrees Celsius.\"While the WD is moving away, it will give snow and rain over parts of Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand for probably another day. Minimum temperatures are expected to fall by 2-3 degrees over the plains of northwest, west and central India. Another WD is expected around February 27 when another change in weather conditions could be expected,\" said a Met official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12002725", "title": "Irregularities in counting votes at PCMC panel alleged", "text": "PUNE: The state election commission (SEC) has sought a report from the Pimpri Chinchwad municipal commissioner and the returning officer over the alleged irregularities during the vote counting process at panel number 12 (Madhukarrao Pawale High School).A delegation of candidates, who lost the election from this panel, met SEC chief Neela Satyanarayan on Tuesday and told her about the alleged irregularities in the counting of votes.Chand Goel, additional chief secretary, SEC, said, \"We have sought a report from the municipal commissioner in this regard and a decision will be taken after we get the report.\"Six candidates from ward 'A' and 11 candidates from ward 'B' of the panel, in a letter to Satyanarayan, have urged for a re-election. The 'A' ward was reserved for candidates belonging to scheduled castes and the 'B' ward for women candidates. Demanding an inquiry into the matter, the candidates have alleged that the electronic voting machines (EVMs) were tampered with to favour the Nationalist Congress Party candidates. They have also alleged that the ruling party misused the government machinery.Rukmini Patil of Republican Party of India (Athavale), Shiv Sena and the Bharatiya Janata Party alliance alleged that the candidates belonging to non-NCP parties got much less votes than expected.Rajnikant Kshirsagar of the Bharatiya Republican Party Bahujan Mahasangh and Congress alliance said the election officials had not given proper demonstrations on how to use the EVMs before the polling day. Also, some candidates had objected to the counting of votes after the fifth round, but their objection was not considered.However, Shirish Jadhav, general secretary of Pimpri Chinchwad unit of NCP, said the allegations were false and baseless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11999032", "title": "Notice to Ganga authority on pollution", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Wednesday served notice on the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA), asking it to explain what action has been taken to dredge the Hooghly (an offshoot of the Ganga in West Bengal)and keep it pollution-free. The court was hearing a petition by environment activist Subhas Datta. It has also wanted to know from the Diamond Harbour Municipality if hotels that have come up on the banks of the Hooghly there are authorized.Datta, in his petition, pointed out that the high courts and Supreme Court have been hearing petitions on Ganga pollution for nearly 27 years now. However, there has been no improvement in the situation. Calcutta high court alone has passed over 50 orders following which the Ganga Monitoring Committee was formed on May 5, 2006 to look into the environmental and other aspects of the river. Datta is also a member of this committee.\"For the last 13 months, the committee has done nothing. Before that it had made 14 recommendations to 15 civic bodies along the river. None of these civic bodies have taken any measures to reduce pollution in the river. The NGRBA was created in February, 2009, under the chairmanship of the Prime Minister. The chief ministers of several states were made members. After that, the NGRBA met only once. The state level committee was also formed but there wasn't much action. The former chief minister of West Bengal convened a meeting of the committee for two-and-a-half minutes. The present CM has not even done that in the last nine months,\" Datta submitted in his petition.The environment activist submitted further that the NGRBA has published an action plan for beautification of the riverfront but its plans to clean up the river and dredge it are unclear. \"There is nothing on conservation or pollution control. In this way, the river will cease to exist. What will happen to the beautified stretches on the riverbank then,\" Datta said.After hearing the matter, the court served notice to the NGRBA, directing it to submit a report within three weeks on what steps have been taken to dredge the Hooghly and improve its environmental health.The second part of Datta's petition dealt with the condition of the river at Diamond Harbour in South 24-Parganas. He produced photographs that showed garbage strewn along the embankment of the river at Diamond Harbour. He also referred to several hotels at Diamond Harbour that have come up on the riverbank. \"If this is allowed to continue, before long, the hotels will reach Haldia on the opposite bank. There won't be any sign of the river,\" he stated.\"The court then directed the Diamond Harbour municipality to clear the garbage from the embankment and then find out whether the hotels in question have sought requisite permission from the civic authorities. The municipality will also have to find out whether the land on which the hotels have come up belong to the owners. The civic body will submit its report to the court in three weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11998398", "title": "Fly Kingfisher business at a quarter of fare", "text": "The latest goods to flood online classifieds portals these days are upgrade vouchers, especially of Kingfisher Airlines . If you can risk booking a ticket on a carrier that may cancel your flight, now is the time to fly business class. The cost on most domestic routes? Rs 4,000-7,000 one way instead of the usual Rs 20,000.Business class fares on other domestic carriers like GoAir and Jet Airways may be sky high and their tickets hard to get, but with a bit of risk-taking and inventiveness, one can fly Kingfisher business class by paying only one-fourth of regular business class fare on some routes. Two developments have made this possible: upgrade vouchers being sold online on websites like quikr.com and olx.in, and special fares introduced by some travel portals a while ago.Carriers like Kingfisher and Jet Airways give free upgrade vouchers to frequent flyers for many reasons including using certain credit cards and moving on to a higher category frequent flyer card. These vouchers are transferable and come with expiry dates. \"Because of its erratic flight schedule, frequent flyers are wary of booking on Kingfisher these days. Since the demand for business class seats on Jet Airways has gone up, their vouchers do not guarantee upgrades. So, the next best option for frequent flyers is to put their vouchers online for sale, especially if they are close to expiry,\" said Nalin Parthasarathy, a frequent flyer. Following the Kingfisher flight cancellation crisis, there has been a flood of Kingfisher vouchers on these classifieds sites, which has sent upgrade voucher prices crashing.\"A week ago, I bought three Kingfisher upgrade vouchers for Rs 2,000 each. I've heard that the vouchers are selling for Rs 1,000 these days,\" said a frequent flyer, a businessman who did not want to be named. He used three such vouchers and got an upgrade on the Goa-Mumbai Kingfisher flight IT-309 on Monday. \"We were worried that the flight may be cancelled, but it was not,\" he said. For Rs 4,500 per ticket, he flew business class.This is how it worked. He bought his tickets using special fares and so an all-inclusive, one-way Mumbai-Goa ticket cost him Rs 2,500. Special fares are a recent phenomenon. Websites like yatra.com, makemytrip.com and via.com sell fares that are cheaper than the cheapest tickets sold online. So, while the cheapest Mumbai-Goa ticket last week cost Rs 3,500, a special fare ticket on one of the portals was available for Rs 2,500. But there is a catch: the buyer does not know which airline he/she is booked on and the exact flight time till payment on the non-refundable ticket is complete. \"I knew that special fares are invariably tickets on Kingfisher flights and it turned out to be so. Then I bought the upgrade vouchers from a classifieds portal and since business class on Kingfisher flights are empty these days and since they did operate that flight, we could use all the three upgrade vouchers,\" the businessman said.Jet Airways upgrade vouchers, too, are being sold online. The catch is that an upgrade is subject to availability. \"As the demand for Jet business class has gone up because of the Kingfisher crisis, the probability of getting an upgrade on Jet is not as high as that on Kingfisher,\" said a travel agent. But again, the risk of your Jet flight being cancelled is low.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11999305", "title": "Former councillors stick to municipal corporation's laptops", "text": "CHANDIGARH: About 20 former municipal councillors are finding it tough to part with the laptops given to them during their tenure. No longer members of MC's general house, they haven't yet deposited their official laptops to the civic body, costing a loss in lakhs to the authority. Their tenures ended around two months ago.The civic body had issued laptops to all previous councillors with a condition that they would submit their machines by November, 2011, a month before their tenure ends. But, when the former councillors did not budge, the civic body decided whosoever wants to keep the laptop may keep it by depositing the depreciation amount.Of total 36 former municipal councillors, six got re-elected and thus, 29 had to either deposit their machines or pay the depreciation amount. But, only six councillors have deposited their laptops and three have paid the depreciated amount so far. The other 20 former councillors did not pay any heed to deposit the government property or its depreciation cost.\"We had issued a notice over a month ago, asking them to deposit the machines without any further delay. But, not many former public representatives bothered to do so. This calls for some tough decision from the senior officials in this regard,\" said an MC official.Additional municipal commissioner Sunil Bhatia said, \"We have communicated this to all previous councillors and a few have complied with the orders. Hopefully, others too, will soon deposit the laptops.\"The civic body had spent around Rs 14 lakh to purchase these laptops for the former representatives. If it doesn't get either the amount or the laptops, the civic body would have to bear a big loss, as it will have to get new ones for the new councillors, who joined the MC from January 1. Most former municipal councillors did not even use these laptops.Each laptop was worth around Rs 40,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12002567", "title": "5 CRPF jawans held for 'unruly' behaviour", "text": "VASCO: Tension rent the air in Vasco as more than a 100 people rushed to the Vasco police station Wednesday night after a group of CRPF jawans behaved unruly at 'jetty', Sada.Sources said that trouble started at around 10 pm when a group of 30 jawans who had come from Jhardkhand for election duty, had an argument with the owner of a private bus.The jawans were seated near the bus, when suddenly someone broke a window pane of the vehicle. When the owner of the bus, Ganesh Gaad, went to question them about it, they became furious and an altercation ensued.The bus owner's family members have complained to the police that they were assaulted by the jawans. Some of them sustained injuries and were rushed to the hospital. The police picked up five jawans and they have been sent for a medical examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001697", "title": "Priya Anand\u2019s on a dubbing spree", "text": "Guess Priya Anand's Bollywood debut, English Vinglish, is keeping her busy these days.The actress, who shot major portions of the film in New York with namma Sridevi (who's making her comeback with this film), is getting ready to dub for her character in Tamil and Telugu.Priya says, \"Director Gauri Shinde is planning to release the film simultaneously in Tamil and Telugu. She's currently busy with the edit work, and I will start dubbing soon. My last release, Nootrenbadhu (180 in Telugu), released in Tamil and Telugu, and my next will be a trilingual.\"We hear that Sridevi is dubbing herself for her role in Tamil and Telugu versions as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11997497", "title": "Exams hit school schedules", "text": "MUMBAI: While HSC exams are under way and SSC exams are to begin in a week, schools listed as centres for both are facing problems. With more than a month of their second semester schedule being dedicated for board exams, many schools are finding it difficult to complete a portion of the remaining classes.\"We hardly get a month-and-a-half to finish our portion for classes V-IX. Students end up losing out on a lot during board exams as we have to either declare a half day or holiday,\" said Sangeeta Srivastava, principal, S V P School and T P B College, Kandivli (W). Since most schools hold their annual day celebrations and sports day in December, proper classes begin only in January. \"Even FYJC classes begin in August due to the online admission procedure, then students are busy with college festivals and in March we hold HSC exams. In the end, we get little time to cover the portion,\" she added.This year, the state board has assigned 198 main centres for HSC exams in the city and 481 sub-centres. While HSC exams are from February 21 to March 28, SSC exams will be from March 1 to 13. \"The rhythm of regular classes gets disturbed as we end up holding half days for the rest of the classes. Some students have lost interest in studies because of the 'no-fail policy', and such breaks make it difficult for teachers to create interest for students again,\" said Rehana Salamat, principal, Anjuman-I-Islam Allana English High School. She added that even though her school is a centre only for HSC exams, they lose time as they are held in the same building as other classes. \"We need to wrap up classes for IX students but with exams in place, we can't do much,\" added Salamat.While schools complain about their plight, they are aware that the board too is helpless. \"There are a limited number of schools and colleges in good running condition that can be used for board exams, so we can't even refuse to give our classes away. But other classes get affected and students are the final losers,\" said the principal of a suburban school.Another school principal said they plan their semester in advance to avoid an incomplete portion. \"We inform teachers in advance that they need to finish their portion by Feb-end and not wait till March. This way, students are not at a loss,\" said Meenakshi Kilpady, principal, Dr S Radhakrishnan Vidyalaya, Malad (W).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12002854", "title": "Voters can locate their polling booth through an SMS", "text": "KANPUR: Voters in the district can now get information about their polling booths by just sending an SMS. One can also call on toll free number allotted by the Election Commission to know the address of the polling booth. To avail the SMS address location facility, the voters will need to send their voter ID card number to 9212357123 and within minutes they will receive an SMS containing the details.Those who want to know the location of polling booth on a phone call can dial on toll free number 18001801950 and this will serve their purpose within minutes.For the net-savvies, just a click on www.ceouttarpradesh.nic.in will serve the purpose of locating their polling addresses. This facility has been done in order to increase the number of voter percentage.\"This service will facilitate voters in casting their ballots easily. This facility will help a voter find his/her name on the roll, the serial number at the booth, the location of the booth, and the address,\" informed an official of the Election Commission.The official further added that the initiative would especially facilitate the first time voters. \"Even senior citizens will find the facility useful as delimitation has changed existing constituencies and left many in doubt over their polling booths,\" the official said.Its important to mention here that those who did not get their voter slips from concerned booth level officers (BLO) may not worry this time. They can get their voting slips after reaching their concerned polling booths.\"People should not drop the idea to cast their vote if the voting slips have not reach to them timely. The booth level officials will be giving them their slips to cast vote at the polling booths. They only have to take their voter ID cards along with them. Also, if any one does not have his or her voter ID they can give reference of any other identification cards like passport, pancard or driving licence to cast their votes, but they should make sure to vote,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12004310", "title": "India to make 'all out' effort for return of kids from Norway", "text": "NEW DELHI: India today said it would make \"all out\" efforts to ensure early return of two Indian children from Norway following attempts by authorities of that country to keep them in foster care after expiry of their visa next month.\"We will make all out efforts to achieve the goal of getting back the children to India where they belong,\" external affairs minister S M Krishna said.He was replying to a question on reports that Norwegian officials were trying to keep the children -- one-year-old Aishwarya and three-year-old Abhigyan - there after their visas expire next month. The authorities have applied for extension of visa on their own.\"It is Government of India's firm committment that the children must be given the opportunity to come to India,\" Krishna said.The ministry of external affairs had yesterday reacted sharply to the attempt by Norwegian authorities to keep the children there after expiry of their visa, saying the kids were neither \"orphans nor stateless persons\", and enjoyed \"protection\" of the Indian State.MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin had said India was made aware of the fact that the Norwegian authorities were seeking to extend the Residence Permits of the two children.Reacting strongly, he had said any request for extension of Residence Permit on behalf of the children should \"emanate from either the parents or the Indian State.\"The kids' parents, NRI couple Sagarika and Anurup Bhattacharya, were accused of negligence by the child welfare officials in Norway and the children were taken away from them last May and placed in foster care.The fresh turn of events came nearly a month after Norwegian childcare authorities agreed to hand over the custody of the children to their Kolkata-based uncle, who is currently in Oslo .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11998294", "title": "Nitish says sorry for deaths, SP's 'conduct'", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Wednesday sought to defend Patna SP (city), Kim, who allegedly slapped a woman protester in full public view on Monday evening, saying the young officer serving her posting as SP (city) needed \"counselling\".The CM made this statement in the state legislative council in response to opposition members' outcry against the police officer.The Monday incident occurred when a mob paralysed traffic in protest against the electrocution of two boys after they came in contact with a live wire in Kankerbagh locality. Kim reached there to pacify the crowd and, in the process, allegedly slapped a woman. This further infuriated the crowd.The CM told the House he had asked the chief secretary to get the deaths probed from all angles. He said the probe would cover the nature of civil work for which the digging work had been done and the circumstances under which the two persons were electrocuted.\"I take it as my moral responsibility. I also tender my apology for what happened on Monday night,\" the CM said and added such incidents should not recur at any cost.Leader of the opposition in the council, Ghulam Gaus, earlier said incidence of police atrocities had substantially increased in recent times. He cited examples of alleged police atrocities in Araria, Forbesganj, Nalanda, Siwan, Dehri-on-Sone and Nawada.\"This act of city SP is unpardonable. She even used vulgar language in front of children. The government should take this matter in all seriousness and initiate departmental proceedings against her,\" Gaus said in the council.Kumari Jyoti of the Congress said that the government had given a free hand to police. \"The government, which claims to be the champion of social justice, should take stern action against the SP,\" she said. Tanvir Hasan of the RJD also echoed similar views.Some opposition members raised anti-government slogans in front of the council entrance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12000095", "title": "Community colleges will boost enrolments in higher education: UP higher education secretary", "text": "LUCKNOW: The human resource development ministry has come up with a proposal to set up 100 community colleges on a pilot basis in the 12th five year plan. To build consensus on this plan for educational reforms, a meeting of state education ministers was held with the HRD minister Kapil Sibal in New Delhi on Wednesday. As per the HRD ministry, this alternative system of education will benefit the disadvantaged sections of society by offering job-oriented courses to the students.Welcoming the Centre's proposal, Uttar Pradesh higher education secretary Avnish Awasthi, who attended the meeting, told TOI, ''The concept of community college is luring, in a way it will help increasing the gross enrolment ratio (GER), thereby helping anybody and everybody seeking education.\"He added that the concept has emerged from the continuing demand supply mismatch where some college have cut-offs as high as 100%. On the possibility of community colleges in Uttar Pradesh, Awasthi said, ''In our state, getting admissions in commerce stream is a problem. When it comes to BA and BSc, one qualifies easily, at times leaving a few seats empty. In this context, we can definitely think of community colleges to help students enrol in commerce.\"He said that as of now, the proposal is in its nascent stage. Picking the concept from Western countries like the US, the proposal of community colleges will ensure a seat for a local student seeking higher education in a college or institution in the district in which he/she resides. Thus, the concept of community college is that any student willing to pursue higher education will be allowed and academic excellence will be no barrier, but one will have to fulfil a minimum criterion.With the present plan, it is expected that the first 100 community colleges proposed to be set up on a pilot basis will help around one lakh additional students and the number would rise as implementation progresses. The ministry note further says, ''This will also ensure an increase in effective gross enrolment ratio (GER).\"As per the proposal, community colleges will offer two-year programmes in various disciplines which will have employment potentials, especially in industries. After the completion of courses, students will be awarded 'associate degrees'. Community colleges may have a few or many disciplines based on the need and employment potential. At present, the ministry has proposed to identify 80 colleges under the University Grants Commission (UGC) and 20 polytechnics under the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) to set up 100 community colleges.The ministry also clarified that the Central government could provide some incentives to the institutions acting as community colleges in shifts when normal colleges do not utilise their infrastructure (including laboratories and classrooms).Experts discuss anthropology's evolving face: Eminent scholar and former UNESCO director, Prof Yogesh Atal delivered a lecture during the ongoing Congress on 'Contested Identities in the Global World' on Wednesday. Describing the future agenda of anthropology, Prof Atal said, ''Generally, anthropology is considered as a study of primitive tribes. There is, however, a paradigm shift in the focus of the study from primitive tribe to tribes in urban and complex space. We need to study tribes into transitions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998428", "title": "Passport centre parks on chaos", "text": "NEW DELHI: The already creaky parking arrangements on Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg will be strained further from next week when the new Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) at Herald House becomes fully operational. The Kendra that's been in a trial run for about a week will open its doors to the public on Monday, February 27, and is expected to bring 900-1000 extra visitors to the media and institutional hub on weekdays.The added influx of vehicles on the already unnavigable service lane of the Marg will make life difficult for fulltime staffers of other offices there. More ominously, even the police have not made any arrangements to manage the rush.\"We are not aware of the details of the parking arrangements they have worked out. Since it's a government office, they must have considered the type and flow of vehicles and persons they can expect,\" said Satyendra Garg, joint CP, traffic.Most employees on the Marg anyway park their vehicles across the road from their offices. If they are lucky, they get a slot close to the post office or National Bal Bhavan (Kotla Road); if not, they look for space in the relatively clear area opposite Hindi Bhawan (Vishnu Digambar Marg). When work on the Metro line begins in April-May, parking space will shrink further.But at the Kendra, which does not have reserved parking space, officials said they did not expect the vehicular rush to become unmanageable as all the dealing would be done by appointment. \"The office will be open from 9.30 am to 4.30 pm, but at any given time, there will not be more than 100-150 people in the building,\" said a senior officer in the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA).The swank passport office - complete with a feeding room for new mothers, 'five star quality toilets', tea and coffee service and stair-lifts for the aged and the disabled - will be formally inaugurated on Thursday.Officials said they had tried negotiating for space outside Herald House but the area did not have paid parking. \"We were told there's space across the road. Clients will have to use whatever public parking is available,\" said the MEA officer. Explaining why the office had been built in a crowded place, he said, \"We had to consider the availability of space. Our requirement was the ground and first floors, which we've got at Herald House, and ITO is a good location with government and private offices around.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "shastri hall", "code": "12001584", "title": "'Promote badminton at grassroots level'", "text": "SHASTRI HALL: Pranav Chopra, who just returned from Macau, China, after playing the badminton Thomas Cup, feels the state government and badminton association should promote the sport at the grassroots level so as to achieve good results from the state. When in city, he used to practice at Ludhiana Badminton Academy in Shastri Hall. Pranav said Ludhiana has a vast talent but no proper coaching system.For Pranav, it was a great exposure as he played against many world-class players in the championship. He played in doubles category along with his partner Akshay Dewalkar of Maharashtra and in mixed category with Prajakta Sawant from the same state. Indian team stood 6th in that competition.Pranav, 19, said he never knew the game that he has started playing for fun along with his father in a local club would make him realize his professional dreams. He commenced playing professionally at a young age of 10 when he left the city for joining badminton academy of Uday Pawar in Mumbai.A resident of South City, Pranav said few years ago, he joined Pullela Gopichand Badminton Academy in Hyderabad that was a good launching platform. He practices daily for eight hours and instead of singles, loves to play doubles and mixed matches. here and no one from the sport authorities is serious about this game.He said game in south India is very much developed and youngsters starts playing this game at school level and they have rich competition there.About his achievements, Pranav said he has won a number of national ranking tournaments, a bronze medal in doubles in Youth Commonwealth, Pune, gold in doubles in Iran Fajr Senior International Challenge Cup, Tehran, Iran, again gold in Tata International Challenge event, Mumbai, in 2011 and a silver in men's doubles in Swiss International Challenge, Bern, Switzerland.At present, he is an employee of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) and also plays for them. He feels Pullela Gopichand is the best coach in India who helped groom his game, along with his senior trainees and renowned international players like Saina Nehwal , Jwala Gutta , Ashwini Ponnappa , P Kashyap, Sanev Thomas and Rupesh Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12003564", "title": "Supporters already raising demands", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though the BJP-led Nagpur Vikas Aghadi has the support of independent corporators and small political parties taking the total to 75 corporators, next five years would be no bed of roses for the party. Many independent corporators have set conditions about their pound of flesh before joining the NVA.Senior BJP leaders officially continue to deny that anyone including independent corporators and those from small parties had set any condition. However, Parinay Fuke, second time independent corporator, said he had set two conditions before joining the NVA. One of them was development of his ward on a priority basis. Fuke told TOI his priority includes development of Ambazari garden and lake. He had worked for various civic amenities in his ward. He claimed that in his last term he had spent Rs 18.50 crore on various works and this time he expected the NVA to increase the amount by twice.Meena Chaudhary, mother of former corporator Kamlesh Chaudhary, said that she too has set conditions before joining NVA. She said that the area of her ward had increased manifold and the funds provided to any independent corporator were not sufficient for all round development, which was experienced by her son. Now, by joining NVA, she expected to expedite development works in her ward.While extending support of two corporators, Indian Union Muslim League corporator Aslam Khan said that he too expected the BJP-led alliance to ensure more concentration on his Mahendra Nagar prabhag. \"With the new prabhag system in place, many areas have joined our ward that already lacked even basic civic amenities like pucca roads and regular water supply.\" Both the corporators of IUML Ishrat Ansari and Aslam Khan would want to snatch more funds to improve the amenities.Independent and first time corporator Savita Sangole had also set conditions before joining the Aghadi. Wife of former corporator Manoj Sangole, Savita met the municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and submitted a memorandum of demands. She demanded around Rs 12 crore for various works in her prabhag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12003457", "title": "Vighnanz to help cleaning India's beaches", "text": "Anybody who is tuned into music in Cuttack must have heard the songs of band Vighnanz.The band comprising G Durga Prasad (vocalist), Chandi Prasad (vocalist), Rahul Garuda (lead guitarist), Saroj Sen (rhythm guitarist), G Hrishikesh Prasad (bass guitarist) and Govind Chandra Jena (drummer) is now planning an eco-friendly project.Titled Clean Beach concerts, the idea is to perform on the beaches across the country to spread awareness about the necessity to keep Indian beaches clean.This contemporary rock band from Cuttack was formed in 2007 and has has already done more than 500 shows in India. A favourite in the city's corporate circuit, the outfit was also the official rock band of the film city in Hyderabad and have also been the favorites at the 15th National Youth Festival.They've also come up with a Odiya album titled \"Tu Hi Tu\" and \"Love @ 1st Sight\". That apart, the band has composed a Telugu album titled \"Hyderabadi Rocks\". In the pipeline is a Hindi album titled \" Tum Meri Ho Na\".Says Durga, the band's frontman, \"We are the only band in Odisha to compose music for the yet-to-be released movie \"Omm\" that has Kunal Ganjawala , Udit Narayan , Kishna Beura and Babul Supriyo lending their voice. We dabble in Indipop, sufi, classic rock to reggae. Apart from our own songs, we also love to sing \"Nothing else matters\" ( Metallica ), \"In the end\" ( Linkin Park ), \"Humanity\" (Scorpions), \"Summer of 69\", \"Here I am\" ( Bryan Adams ), \"Sada haq\" (Rockstar), \"Saiyonee\" (Junoon), \"Piya re\" (Nushrat Fateh Ali Khan), \"Teri deewani ( Kailash Kher )\".\"Ask the vocalist why they want to indulge in this new concept of clean beach concerts and Durga says, \"The company that manages our work is planning concerts on the famous beaches in India. We plan to perform in Chennai, Goa, Mumbai and Vishakapatnam. Of course, we will also be performing extensively on the beaches of Odisha. Concerts keep on happening all the time but as musicians, we have a social responsibility too. We want to create awareness among the people to keep the beaches clean. Besides, Indian beaches are great attraction for global tourists. Performing on the beaches will also give a good exposure to our band.\"Swayamsiddha Mohapatra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12002499", "title": "\u2018Tourism should benefit the local economy\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: The benefits of tourism should help the local economy. But the challenge is in devising a policy for the same, said former minister and deputy chairman of Karnataka State Planning Board, Ramachandra Gowda said on Wednesday.Tourism is one of the fasting-growing sectors which has huge financial implications. England derives its financial power from tourism and education sectors by showcasing how economy can be sustained based on the arrival of tourists, he said while inaugurating the two-day international conference on tourism at the University of Mysore. The Pune-based Deccan Geographical Society of India and the varsity's department of studies in geography have jointly hosted the three-day meet, wherein, experts are discussing the impact of tourism on environment and development.Referring to India's case, Gowda said: \"In 2009, 5.71 million visitors from overseas visited India, which saw a rise by 8.1% in 2010. Some 20 million Indians are dependent on the tourism sector. The benefits in the rise in the footfalls should go to local economy. He said tourism is still viewed as a costly proposition by Indians, which, he said, should be tackled to encourage the sector. The middle-class travelers should be in focus now, he stated. The Bhoogal Bhooshan award was presented to A K Wadiyar of Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11999278", "title": "Phase 5 of UP polls: A decisive round for Samajwadi Party", "text": "LUCKNOW: The fifth phase of UP assembly election may form the very foundation of Samajwadi Party's prospects in terms of party's final tally.This is primarily because more than 13.5% of the region's electorate belongs to the Yadav community - making it the 'Yadav land' of Uttar Pradesh and an obvious \"traditional stronghold\" of SP. But snubbed by the voters in the last assembly election and then in Lok Sabha by-poll, the 'dhartiputra' is leaving no stone unturned to reclaim the lost ground.\"My political esteem is in your hands.You don't have to only keep it intact, but also strengthen it further,\" this emotional statement of Mulayam at a rally in Mainpuri a couple of days ago did explain the importance of making it big in the region for the SP.Mulayam had held the maximum number of public meetings in Mainpuri, Etah, Etawah, and Kanpur Dehat as compared to the rest of the districts. Even SP state president Akhilesh Yadav has kept the region on the top of his campaign engagements in the state. Both have addressed four to five public meetings in each of these districts. One particular constituency that may influence the party's political esteem and Mulayam's personal stature as a politician is the Kahral seat in Mainpuri where Urmila Yadav is contesting on a Congress party ticket against SP's Shobharan Singh. That Urmila happens to be a close relative of Mulayam and switched loyalties to Congress after she was denied a ticket by the SP has made the fight much more important than any other assembly constituency in the region.With the Congress yet to make its presence felt in the region, it is a 'nothing to lose situation' for it. But for the SP, it is about its esteem. With its core caste base (Yadav) by its side, the party is confident of making it big in the region riding on the support of Muslims who are believe to have shown signs of reconciliation with SP in the last four phases of polling this election. Statistically too, the figures are impressively in favour of SP.Almost 20% of the 49 assembly constituencies going to poll on February 23 have an average Yadav population of at least 15% - a community which comprise 9% of the populace in the state. Perhaps it was this very Muslim-Yadav combination in the region that catapulted SP to power in 2002 assembly poll, sending as many as 28 SP MLAs to the Vidhan Sabha out of the total of 49. Ironically for the SP, this was the region that took its toll on SP in 2007 when Mayawati swept the region reducing the SP to 18 seats.So much so that all the four seats of Mainpuri - which Mulayam represents in parliament,went to the BSP.The situation failed to improve one bit in the assembly by-poll that followed losing Bharthana, Bidhuna and Etawah assembly seats, despite a good share of Yadav population. After a slight change of heart in the 2009 Lok Sabha election where the voters not only gifted Mulayam with an easy win, his son Akhilesh who is now the SP state president, made it through from Kannauj and Firozabad as well.The party stood tall in Etawah and Jalaun parliamentary constituencies also. What actually shook the entire SP was the defeat of Akhilesh's wife Dimple from Firozabad in the Lok Sabha by-poll - the incident came not only as an eye opener for the SP to detect and correct the follies that had crept into the party and taking toll on its popularity, it also marked the very start of Mulayam-Amar rift because the latter had insisted that Dimple must contest from Ferozabad and then is alleged to have worked against the party's interest.This was supposedly done to cut the growing stature of Akhilesh within the party to size. Burying the past, in the run-up to the assembly poll, the SP has worked in the region with the target of reassuring the Yadav vote bank that the party would no longer take them for granted.\"We have worked hard in the region and are surely expecting encouraging results this time,\" says party's state president Akhilesh Yadav.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hobart", "code": "12002890", "title": "Have told Thirimanne to hold himself: Jayawardene", "text": "HOBART: Sri Lanka skipper Mahela Jayawardene has told his batsman Lahiru Thirimanne to avoid stepping out too much while backing up for runs in Friday's match against Australia after escaping a controversial run-out chance due to India's generosity.Thirimanne was 'Mankaded' by off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin after stepping out too far while backing up at the non-striker's end in the previous match against India.India withdrew the appeal as stand-in skipper Virender Sehwag felt it was against the spirit of the game. Jayawardene on Thursday conceded that his batsman was also at fault.\"I have (spoken to him). I think there was a bit of fault in him as well. He's a young lad and I'm sure he'll learn from that. We've spoken, definitely,\" Jayawardene said ahead of the match.\"I think he can take a start but it's just where he's leaving the crease is probably a bit unfair. He can probably hold himself a bit longer and then take a start, I don't think that's a problem. It's just him understanding exactly what he can do and what he can't do,\" he added.Australian captain Michael Clarke said he hopes Thirimanne backs up fairly so that such a situation is not repeated.\"I hope he decides to stay in his crease. I'm glad that nothing has come of it. It's a part of the game I don't like. I don't like the Mankad rule at all. I don't think you should be able to Mankad,\" Clarke said.\"But in saying that, if somebody is going to be a long way outside their crease, you would hope that by warning them they would understand that the bowler or the fielding captain has asked the batsman to stay in his crease. If he continues to do that, it is in the rules that you can be out like that. But I hope we don't have to worry about it,\" he added.On whether he would appeal for such a dismissal, Clarke said, \"I'll find out when I'm in that position. Hopefully I'm not.\"Jayawardene said challenge heading into the coming matches of the tri-series is to remain consistent performers.\"After the last couple of games we came back strongly into the tournament so the challenge is to try and be consistent, play the way we've been playing, and make sure we handle certain situations better than the opposition,\" he said.\"We've been quite happy with the progress of the team.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11997983", "title": "Cancellations send airfares soaring", "text": "Looking for an air ticket to Delhi or Bangalore? Be ready not just to pay through your nose, but also for a scramble for seats. The cancellation of Kingfisher flights has sent airfares soaring. To add to passengers' woes, early morning flights for Thursday were full to capacity. A business class ticket to Delhi on a 9 am flight was priced at Rs 38,000. Business class tickets to Bangalore, Chennai, Kolkata and even Jaipur were in the Rs 18,000-28,000 range. This is despite the warning to airlines by DGCA to keep fares reasonable.On Wednesday, 13 Kingfisher flights across sectors were cancelled from Mumbai, and 30 overall. Even as Kingfisher tried to endorse flyers on other airlines, many were left to fend for themselves as flights were running full. The tougher part was to book flights for Thursday due to exorbitant fares and few seats on offer, particularly on early morning flights.\"Mostly early morning flights are in demand among business flyers. People travelling for leisure also prefer those flights. Now, with Kingfisher cancellations, the demand has suddenly become higher,\" said Rajesh Rateria, managing director, Cirrus Travels. \"Only a handful of seats are available on early morning flights and they are selling at more than double the usual price.\"He said that a one-way Mumbai-Jaipur business class ticket was priced at Rs 19,000; the economy class fare was Rs 10,000. Usually, a business class ticket costs Rs 10,000-15,000 on most sectors. An economy class ticket would typically fall in the Rs 3,000-7,000 range for most important sectors. \"But all 6-8 am flights are full to capacity,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11999806", "title": "Chennai police gun down five suspected bank robbers", "text": "CHENNAI: Five men suspected to be behind two bank robberies in Chennai in the last one month were killed in a gunbattle with the city police at Velachery in the early hours of Thursday.Police commissioner J K Tripathy said the gunbattle lasted for 15 minutes, from 1am to 1.15am, leaving two police inspectors injured and all the five suspects dead. The suspects were identified as Chandrika Rey from West Bengal, and Vinod Kumar, Vinay Prasad, Abhay Kumar and Harish Kumar from Bihar. Two of them are former students of an engineering college in the city suburbs. Police recovered five guns and bundles of cash from the suspects.Two days after the gang struck a branch of Indian Overseas Bank in Keelkattalai on Monday, city police commissioner J K Tripathy had held a press conference on Wednesday to release a video of a suspect allegedly doing a recce at a nationalised bank. \"With people's cooperation, we will nab them soon,\" he had said.Chennai went to sleep with that reassurance, and woke up to the tale of a bloody encounter. Tripathy said on Thursday that his team got a tip-off around midnight about the suspects staying on the ground floor of a three-storey house on A L Mudali Street in Velachery. \"We immediately sent a team of 14 led by deputy commissioner of police (Adyar) M Sudhakar and two assistant commissioners Kannan (Madipakkam) and Manickavel (Guindy),\" the commissioner said.The team surrounded the house and three police inspectors took position by the windows, while three other inspectors targeted the main door of the house. The commissioner said the suspects opened fire at the police team at 1am, injuring inspectors P Ravi (Teynampet) and Christian Jayasil (Thoraipakkam). The police team broke open the window and the door and opened fire at the suspects. The gun battle left the suspects badly injured. They were rushed to the Government General Hospital, where the doctors declared them dead on arrival. The injured inspectors were admitted to the Government Royapettah Hospital.Police sources said they got information from a person, who didn't want to reveal his identity, about the robbers. \"After seeing the suspect's photograph released by the police commissioner on Wednesday, the informer claimed that the suspect was staying at his relative's house on A L Mudali Street, Nethaji Road near the Tamil Nadu Housing Board quarters in Velachery,\" a source said.Police sources said the robbers stayed in the house since last December after paying an advance of Rs 20,000. Though the incident happened in a residential area, no one in the neighbourhood appeared to know what had happened. Reporters who reached the spot soon after the incident were kept at bay till 5.45am.Finally, when they were let in, the suspects' 'den' turned out to be a 300 sqft portion of a house, with a bedroom, a hall, a bathroom and a kitchen. Among the blood-soaked belongings of the suspects was a red, black and white checked shirt one of the suspects was seen wearing in the video clip released by the police commissioner hardly 10 hours before the gun battle. The suspect, the police identified, was Vinod Kumar, doing a recce at a nationalised bank.Three more portions of the house were occupied by families. Police are questioning the house owners, brothers Deivendran and Murugan. As the court has directed a magistrate probe should be conducted in the police encounters, police have informed the chief metropolitan magistrate about the incident.About a month before the gang struck the IOB branch at Keelkattalai, a branch of Bank of Baroda was robbed on January 23 last. The robbers took away Rs 19 lakh from BoB and Rs 14 lakh from IOB in a swift operation by holding the bank staffs and customers at gunpoint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "ramabai nagar", "code": "12002818", "title": "This nowhere land yearns for development", "text": "RAMABAI NAGAR: Division of the state's industrial capital Kanpur into two separate entities -- Nagar and Dehat (Ramabai Nagar) -- has shifted the poor country cousin of Kanpur Nagar out of the range of development radar. This means that the area has a distinct identity in terms of geography but not on development indices. It is also a sad reflection on the mindset of public representatives and policy-makers in the state who have faltered in formulating an effective blue-print to bring satellite townships at par with metros in terms of basic amenities, facilities and a vibrant civic infrastructure.Kanpur Dehat, or Ramabai Nagar as it is presently known, first came into being after division of Kanpur in 1977 (Kanpur Nagar and Kanpur Dehat). They were reunited in 1979, only to be separated again in 1991. Dehat was finally renamed as Ramabai Nagar on July 3, 2010, with headquarters at Akbarpur Mati. It has five tehsils, 10 development blocks, 102 nyay panchayats and 612 gram sabhas. The population of Scheduled Caste persons in the district is over 30% of the total.With an area of 3021 sq kms, the district has a population of 1,795,092 and a population density of 594 inhabitants per square kilometre. Ramabai Nagar has a sex ratio of 862 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 77.52%. True to its earlier name Kanpur Dehat, the district mainly comprises of rural areas and the rural population heavily outweighs the urban population. Only 107,767 persons stay in towns like Mati which is the district headquarter, Akbarpur Raniya, Sikandara, etc. However, given the dismal state of basic infrastructure like roads, poor availability of drinking water and power, a person used to basic amenities in cities like Lucknow and Kanpur Nagar would be in for a shock in this mainly agrarian district.Development in the district seems to have been determined by the voting pattern and caste profile of the constituencies. As BSP holds three of the four assembly seats in the district -- Sikandra (formerly Rajpur), Rasoolabad (Reserved, formerly Derapur) and Bhognipur -- bulk of the development in terms of infrastructure has taken place in these pockets only.The development differential is glaring. The district headquarters at Mati, which comes under Akbarpur Raniya (formerly Sarvan Kheda) assembly seat held by SP, is way behind the three BSP strongholds. \"The bulk of new roads have been laid in Sikandra, Rasoolabad and Bhognipur while those in Mati have been neglected,\" said Ram Chauhan, a Congress leader. Another factor why Akbarpur Raniya area has been given step-motherly treatment is the fact that the Akbarpur Lok Sabha seat is represented by the Congress, he claimed.Congress candidate from Akbarpur Raniya Mathura Prasad Pal concurs: \"Development has been dismal. For example, there has been no progress on the two power projects at Bhognipur and Bilhaur worth Rs 22,000 crore which the Congress brought here,\" he said. Raja Ram Pal of the Congress had wrested the Akbarpur LS seat from BSP's Anil Shukla Warsi in the 2009 parliamentary elections.Though new industries in the district have created employment, they have also wreaked havoc on the agricultural land. Agricultural land in Lodheypur village, for example, has turned infertile as 100-odd chemical dye industries have been emptying their hazardous waste in the nearby farms. Says SP leader Vir Sen Yadav: \"More than 100 acres of land here has been inundated by toxic discharge from the factories. Now, the factory owners are buying the same land at throwaway prices from the farmers.\"The region lacks on other development indices like education and health also. Many Muslim families -- constituting 6.91% of the population -- here are engaged in weaving carpets and have no alternative source of income. For example, all seven daughters of Mehrunnisa of Akbarpur Rania are engaged in weaving carpets, raw material for which is provided by Kalpi-based middlemen who sell them to MP-based traders.\"Ours is a hand-to-mouth existence. I and my six daughters earn only Rs 5,000 to Rs 6,000 per month. It is a tedious and time-taking process and also very taxing on health. But there is nothing we could do as we do not have any land. Same is the story with 150-odd families in Akabarpur Raniya who are engaged in this profession. Definitely, the benefits of MNREGA Swarnjayanti Gram Swarozgar Yojana, Jawahar Rojgar Yojna, etc., have failed to reach the needy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001236", "title": "No 'right of way' yet for metro rail", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was on March 3 last year, the works on Hyderabad Metro Rail (HMR) project should have commenced. A year has passed but not a single pier has been erected and the works could be delayed further with right of way not given to Larsen &amp; Toubro, which is executing the prestigious project.The agreement to bring metro rail to Hyderabad was signed on September 4, 2010, between the state government and L&amp;T.; But very little has moved since then except for conducting soil tests and surveys. \"We continue to be in waiting mode for almost a year now. If they provide us with the right of way, works will commence immediately. We hope the process is speeded up,\" Vivek B Gadgil, chief executive and managing director, L&T; Metro Rail Hyderabad, told TOI.With 2016 set as the deadline for commissioning of the project that is being carried out on PPP (public-private partnership) model, there are worries over escalation in costs. As of now the project is set to cost Rs 14,132 crore. \"We cannot say whether the delay is pushing the project cost upwards because it depends on factors like inflation, currency fluctuation and floating bank rates. At this stage, we are more worried about the delay in giving the right of way,\" said Gadgil.The authorities blame the litigations coming in the way of land acquisition, but L&T; top brass says the litigations have got nothing to do with the issuance of right of way as it is in the middle of the road along with the proposed alignment in tune with what has been agreed upon by the government. \"The right of way is in the middle of the road along with the stretch of the project. Only the lamp posts have to be cleared and trees translocated. The government is lethargic, which is causing the undue delay in erecting the piers,\" said a senior official of L&amp;T.;Also, the project is bogged down by legal hassles over acquiring the land for building stations. \"But those issues could be addressed at a later stage after handing over the right of way,\" he contended. However, Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited (HMRL) says the right of way cannot be given without acquiring adjacent land. \"The land acquisition process is almost done except a portion in Miyapur where a depot is coming up. We are sorting out the issue and the right of way will be given in a couple of weeks,\" said NVS Reddy, chairman and managing director of HMRL.In all, 268 acres of land has been earmarked for the depot in Miyapur out of which 104 acres is under litigation. Reddy said HMRL had sought the High Court's permission for a fresh notification for land acquisition and received the nod also. \"Now that we are armed with court's permission, there will be no further delay,\" he added. But, members of the civil society fighting against the Metro Rail project say that the issue would not be resolved soon. \"The land litigation in Miyapur is not as simple as HMRL is projecting. It is a multiple owners' issue and involves lives and livelihood of many. We will not allow the project at any cost,\" said Prof C Ramachandriah, who is spearheading the agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "sattupally (khammam)", "code": "12002131", "title": "Judge booked for attempt to rape", "text": "SATTUPALLY (KHAMMAM): A junior civil judge from Khammam district was booked for allegedly trying to outrage the modesty of his domestic help here on Wednesday. Following a complaint by the 24-year-old woman, a case under Section 354 ( attempt to rape) of IPC was registered against additional first class judicial magistrate Kuravath Balachander.Town deputy superintendent of police K Rangan Goud told TOI that the complainant alleged that the magistrate attempted to outrage her modesty while she was working in his house on the morning of February 17.The DSP said they will investigate the matter from all angles.The woman, who had been working at the magistrate's residence for some time, said Balachander called her to his room and asked her to fulfill his carnal desire. When she refused, Balachander allegedly dragged her into his bedroom.The woman, however, managed to flee from the house.Mustering courage after her relatives and villagers convinced her to file a complaint, the woman, a resident of Langapally village in Pinabelly mandal, approached the town police on Tuesday.Sources said some police officials tried to convince the woman and her relatives to take back her complaint but in vain. Meanwhile, Balachander has gone on leave from Wednesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001804", "title": "Tolichowki: A new address for traders from Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: Old City traders are looking at greener pastures and a number of them have zeroed in on Toli Chowki. With a steady migration of people from the other side of the Musi to this side of town that also is a hub of NRIs from the Middle East, an increasing number of retailers from Pathergatti and Badi Chowdi have found a reason to branch out into this recently developed part of the city.With some showrooms spread over a massive 40,000 square feet, traders say the area promises both good space and business opportunity. Traders explain that earlier shoppers headed to Abids and Pathergatti during festive seasons. Toli Chowki wasn't half as developed then, but once people moved to these parts from the Old City, traders were quick to cash in on the under-developed market and set shop here. That residents here had better spending capacity only made great business sense to have an outlet here.Esa Mohammed Arif of clothing showroom Kashish, says, \"Our regular customers of our first showroom in Badi Chowdi found it tough to commute from Toli Chowki and suggested that we set shop somewhere closer. We decided to take up the matter on a war-footing and after a thorough market research which projected good profits, we began operations in 2009. With weddings being a big affair among NRIs, we thought it ideal to open an outlet here.\" Arif says that his was the first establishment from the Old City to branch out in Toli Chowki.Educated, aggressive in their business acumen, quick on the uptake and exposed to innovations in business management, it is the second generation entrepreneurs who are keen on expanding their customer base. Branding, rebranding, franchising and business process reengineering have found their way to the top of their priority lists. The traditional seth-at-thecounter attitude had to be done away with, they say. Ibrahim Bukhari from Mohammed Cap Mart says, \"Names are built on the economics of quality and trust.Therefore, rebranding must be done without alienating customer base. Also, we have been exploring the franchising model.The tastes and needs of customers here are different. In the Old City, window shopping isn't encouraged; we have done away with that attitude too. Our outlook has turned more customer-centric.\" Bukhari says that since NRI customers are more exposed to the latest trends, showrooms are now stocked with a wide range of products and are being modelled on the lines of state-of-the-art malls. With the area quickly developing into an important commercial hub, Bukhari expects to start operations in early April.For some like Mohammed Zubair from the 40,000 square feet Zooni Centre, business expansion is everything. Zubair says, \"An outlet in a new neighbourhood means an increased customer base. To tap this market, we have tried to implement international standards of quality checking.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998419", "title": "Decision on Sec 377 could affect other sexual offences in IPC: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday said its final decision on the correctness of the Delhi High Court judgment -- which decriminalized Section 377 of Indian Penal Code covering a sexual act in private between consenting adults -- could have far reaching impact on several sexual offences listed in the penal laws.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya requested the counsel for parties to keep in mind the evolving social ethos as the key words in the HC judgment -- \"consenting adults committing a sexual act in private\" - could have a bearing on several other sexual offences enumerated in the IPC.\"Though the focus of our judgment would remain on Section 377, but keep in mind that it could have bearing on provisions relating to other sexual offences. Obscenity could be one such provision,\" the bench told senior advocate Amarendra Saran, who was arguing against the HC verdict on behalf of Delhi Commission for Protection of Child Rights (DCPCR).The court was possibly hinting at offences like adultery and obscenity in public, mostly misused by police to harass couples in parks.Section 497 defines adultery. According to it - \"Whoever has sexual intercourse with a person who is and whom he knows or has reason to believe to be the wife of another man, without the consent or connivance of that man, such sexual intercourse not amounting to the offence of rape, is guilty of the offence of adultery, and shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to five years, or with fine, or with both. In such case the wife shall not be punishable as an abettor.\"In this case, the consent of the woman is immaterial and the consenting sexual act still would constitute an offence if the consent of her husband was not taken.Saran said NGOs had challenged the legality of Section 377 before the HC on the ground that it targeted homosexuals as a class and hence violated the LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender) group's right to equality guaranteed under Article 14, right to privacy under Article 21 and the constitutional guarantee under Article 15 prohibiting discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation of such persons.He argued that right to privacy did not confer right on consenting adults to commit an act in private which was illegal. \"In other words, right to privacy does not confer immunity to crimes committed by consenting adults in private. Hence, the reasoning of the HC that Section 377 is violative of right to privacy is clearly erroneous,\" Saran said.He said Section 377 did not suffer from class bias. \"It applies uniformly to any man or woman if such person indulged in carnal intercourse which is against the order of nature,\" he said and cited a 1990 Supreme Court judgment to back his argument that all \"non penile-vaginal\" intercourse would fall within the meaning of \"carnal intercourse against the order of nature\", which has been classified as an offence under Section 377.The DCPCR counsel said \"there was a vast cultural difference in the Indian society and other societies of the world\" and faulted the Delhi HC judgment for basing its reasoning on foreign court rulings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11998595", "title": "Of coaching classes and board exams", "text": "JAIPUR: Every year, thousands of students in the country take a break after Class XII and enroll in coaching classes at Kota for various entrance exams. However, in Jaipur, most students prefer to clear such competitive exams along with their Class XII board exam.If the coaching institutes are to be believed, the number of such students simultaneously attending their classes is around 30% of the total number of students taking coaching in various institutes. Most of the students are just appearing to get a feel of the examination so that in future they would be able to give a shot properly. Others hope they have a fair chance to clear the competitive exams. The latter are inspired by the success stories of students who cleared the competitive exams in the first attempt.Mukesh Gupta, a Class XII student of a private school and a resident of Vidhyadhar Nagar, has a busy schedule as he has to begin his day early to attend the school and then attend coaching classes in the evening. Most students in his class too have enrolled in coaching classes and despite the fact that the board exams are only less than 10 days away, they continue to attend coaching classes regularly, he said.\"I think there is no harm in appearing for competitive tests like AIEEE this year. But I have to strike a balance between my Class XII studies and competitive exams,\" he said.Vice-president (operations and business development) of a coaching institute, Manoj Sharma said: \"I think more than 30% of students preparing for IIT, AIEEE and medical entrance examination in our coaching institutes are those who are also appearing for the board examinations.\"Since a lot of students are appearing in competitive exams simultaneously with board exams, most students and parents feel that there should be some in-house training available in schools. \"It would help if the schools themselves had some arrangement to include preparations for competitive exams as a routine. This would reduce the pressure on the children, who strive hard to score well in both the boards and competitive exams,'' said Manoj Kumar Sharma, father of a Class XII student Ashish.However, Principal of Neerja Modi School Kanak Khanna said: \"CBSE does not allow us to help the students to prepare for competitive schools.\" St Xavier's School vice-principal CK Punnoose said: \"Since the syllabus of competitive exams is vast and different, it is not possible to give coaching for entrance exams as there are all kinds of students in schools. So, there are chances that we may get complaints that some students are not coping up with the studies. So we are not providing any coaching for entrance exams.\"Besides, a private school official said that the coaching institutes are following the formula of catching them young. \"I do not know how they approach the students individually to lure them to coaching centres. It has changed the entire culture,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11998041", "title": "Will decide on appeal later: Kripashankar", "text": "Trying to put up a brave front in the wake of the Bombay HC order, an under-fire Kripashankar Singh on Wednesday said he would decide on moving a higher court after consulting his lawyers. \"I respect the high court verdict. I have already resigned as president of the Mumbai Congress committee. I thank Congress president Sonia Gandhi for giving me the opportunity to lead the Mumbai Congress,\" he added.Singh continued: \"I have been told that the Bombay High court has asked Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik to register a criminal case against me under provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act, attach my immovable properties as well as those belonging to my family. Further, the court has asked the police chief to obtain sanction from the state government for my prosecution. I would not be able to comment more at this juncture as I am yet to see the high court order.\"\"Prima facie, it appears that the high court has asked the Mumbai police to investigate the charges afresh and submit a compliance report by April 19. I will decide on the course of action after receiving the court order. I will consult my lawyers and then decide whether to move a higher court against the order,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11997786", "title": "'Rane junior probe to be through in a month'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) told the Bombay High Court on Wednesday that the probe into the alleged incident of firing on an activist by Nitesh Rane, son of state industries minister Narayan Rane will be completed within a month .A division bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode was hearing a petition by Chintu alias Shamim Jamaluddin Shaikh, saying its been a year since the HC had directed a CBI probe and there is no progress. On March 24, 2011, HC had transferred the probe to CBI on a petition filed by Shaikh alleging that Nitesh, chief of NGO Swabhiman Sanghatana, had shot him in September 2010. Shaikh was an NGO member .His advocate Kuldeep Patil also said protection given to Shaikh was subsequently withdrawn. \"Complaints are being filed against Shaikh all over the state , in places like Beed, Parbhani and Gadchiroli by the NGO activists for defaming their leader,\" said Patil. He said police has been sending summons to Shaikh although defamation is a non-cognizable offence. He said Shaikh has been receiving threats and even his children's lives are in danger as an unknown person had offered them a sweets box in school.The judges said Shaikh can always move the court for cancellation of Nitesh's bail, Patil said, \"He was never arrested, so how can we move for cancellation.\" \"Have you not arrested him?\" Justice Kanade asked CBI advocate Mandar Goswami.To a query, Patil told the court that Shaikh has not joined any other political party. \"Join a party that believes in retaliatory tactics. That's the only remedy,\" said Justice Kanade in a lighter vein. The judges have directed the deputy commissioner of police (protection) to decide Shaikh's application for police protection in four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11999307", "title": "Caste Hindu fights for dalit friend", "text": "MADURAI: Unlike cases of dalits being attacked by non-dalits, a caste Hindu has risen up to protect his dalit friend who was attacked by his relatives for their 10-year friendship. Karthigaisamy (23), a youth from a dominant backward caste in Periakottai village near Manamadurai in Sivagangai district, is a close friend of Karmegakannan (21), a dalit youth from Sunnambu Kalavasal, Sivaganga. They had developed a thick friendship, though they belonged to different communities.However, their friendship irked relatives of Karthigaisamy, who decided to do away with Karmegakannan. Thavam alias Muthuramalingam, a relative of Karthigaisamy, abducted Karmegakannan on February 16. Along with his accomplice, Balamurugan (19), Thavam lured Karmegakannan in the guise of taking him to his friend who was waiting for him in a place. The duo took him to a secluded place near Kovanur village and attempted to hack him to death. Karmegakannan sustained serious cut injuries in his throat, head and thighs due to the attack and was admitted in GRH on February 17. A case has been filed at the Sivaganga taluk police station against Thavam and Balamurugan under sections 307, 342 of IPC and SC/ST (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989. Thavam and Balamurugan were arrested and remanded in custody.The important part in the case is Karthigaisamy coming out in support of his friend in spite of earning the ire of his relatives and villagers of the dominant caste.He had given a statement to police accusing Thavam and Balamurugan of attacking Karmegakannan, clearly stating all the facts.In his statement, he had narrated how Thavam was threatening Karmegakannan to break his friendship with him. He had warned us not to go ahead with the friendship, warning of dire consequences if we continued our friendship, Karthigaisamy stated. On February 16, Karmegakannan called him from a mobile phone stating that he was attacked by Thavam and Balamurugan who left him to die after causing him serious injuries. He had reached a poultry farm in Kovanur village and alerted his friend about the incident. Karthigaisamy rushed to the spot and found his friend in a pool of blood, and rushed him to hospital, he told the police.A Kathir, executive director of Madurai-based NGO Evidence who had sent a fact finding committee in this incident, stated that Karthigaisamy, in spite of hailing from a dominant caste, was leading the legal battle to seek justice for Karmegakannan.By doing so, he had earned the enmity of his relatives and villagers, and hence the government should protect him as well as the victim, Karmegakannan and his family. The persons who attacked Karmegakannan should be booked under Goondas Act. Government should provide solatium of Rs 3 lakh to Karmegakannan who has sustained serious injuries, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998478", "title": "India, US to hold Malabar naval war games in April", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cocking a snook at China, India and the US will hold the next edition of their Malabar naval war games in the Bay of Bengal in April. Since 1992, India has largely restricted the annual Malabar exercise to the western seaboard in Arabian Sea, except for the 2007 edition that was held in the Bay of Bengal.The Malabar held on the eastern seaboard in 2007 had riled China, especially since it was also expanded to include Australian, Japanese and Singaporean navies as well. Beijing had lodged a strong protest against this \"axis of democracy\" emerging in the Asia-Pacific region with the eventual aim to \"contain\" it.Promptly, an ultra-defensive India had ensured that for the next two-three years the Malabar was restricted to a bilateral exercise, even though both the Indian and American navies wanted it to be a regular multi-lateral engagement.While the planning process for this year's Malabar is still underway, defence ministry sources say the exercise is going to be a major one, with the entire spectrum of naval manoeuvres being conducted.Though India has refrained from inking \"foundational\" military agreements with the US like the Logistics Support Agreement (LSA), Communication Interoperability and Security Memorandum Agreement (CISMOA) and Basic Exchange and Cooperation Agreement for Geo-Spatial Cooperation (BECA), the two nations have set a scorching pace in undertaking joint combat exercises.Indian and American armed forces have held as many as 60 exercises over the last seven-eight years. Malabar, which has often witnessed participation of aircraft carriers from the two sides, represents the high-end of this expanding military-to-military engagement.Japan was to take part in the Malabar exercise last year also, but opted out after the horrific devastation wreaked by the massive earthquake-cum-tsunami in the country.India will also be undertaking the Simbex exercise with Singaporean navy in March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001977", "title": "Big B to be discharged in next two days", "text": "Megastar Amitabh Bachchan , who is recuperating at Seven Hills hospital here post his abdominal surgery, is likely to be discharged in the next two days.As Big B's health is improving there are chances that he get discharged soon.\"He is doing much better and is likely to get discharged today or day after tomorrow,\" hospital sources told PTI.The 69-year-old actor too is eagerly awaiting his \"moment of freedom\".\"Freedom !!! free from central line, free from all kites, free to sleep without precaution....Now await to be free from hospital !! (sic),\" Bachchan wrote on twitter.Days after he underwent a scalpel on February 11 at the suburban hospital, Bachchan had complained of acute abdominal pain and there were chances that he might have to undergo another surgery.However, the doctors decided against doing it as the gritty actor shown significant improvement.\"The 'central line' came out a short while ago....A good looking healthy 6 of needle immersed into your neck 'vein' and the relief of mobility now cannot be aptly described. The body is now free from all 'kites' and wires and soon shall be free from this hospital as well,\" Bachchan posted last night.\"It shall now be a few more days when I shall be heading home. The mind has already begun to programme the time to be spent and how. There shall be the obvious precautions but besides that a desire to utilise the time in constructive learning and to acquire knowledge of matters still a mystery for me,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12002609", "title": "IMC can purchase power directly from grid: MPERC", "text": "INDORE: The Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is entitled to open access to electricity and it can purchase power directly from the grid, said Madhya Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (MPERC) chairman Rakesh Sahni.Sahni was in the city in connection with the hearing on objections to the proposed power tariff hike on Wednesday.During his interaction, he clarified that there are certain guidelines for open access to electricity and after meeting the norms, the municipal corporation can avail the benefit. He also said that after meeting the norms, if the municipal corporation faced any problem in direct purchase of electricity, it could take up the issue with the regulatory commission.It is up to the civic body to decide whether it wanted to purchase electricity directly or not. The distribution company cannot stop and suggest them to do so, Sahni said.City-based NGO, Vikas Mitra Drishti 2050, raised the issue of direct purchase of electricity. Kishor Kodwani of the NGO argued that direct purchase of the electricity can save 50% cost on electricity. According to Kodwani as of now, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is purchasing electricity from MP Western Region Distribution Company at Rs 4.63 per unit. If the civic body is allowed to purchase power directly from the grid, then it will almost halve the cost at Rs 2.58 per unit.In this way the IMC can cut its electricity expanses by half. As of now, IMC spends around Rs 121 crore and this figure is expected to go up to Rs 241 crore in next year if the proposed tariff hike is implemented. IMC spends a major chunk of its electricity cost on Narmada water supply scheme.Corporator Kailash Yadav had mentioned in his objection that the Narmada Water Project is one of its kind in Asia and water supply is the job of government, which is being carried out by the IMC. He argued that the IMC should be given exemption from power tariff hike.On this, the MPERC chairman said that right from railways, government offices and municipal corporations, every organisation is working for the people. It is not possible to make a separate tariff system for them all. He said that giving tariff exemption was not within the purview of the commission and IMC was not alone the civic body to run water supply scheme like Narmada, Bhopal too is working on water supply system from the Narmada river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11997755", "title": "High court to decide fate of runaway bull", "text": "MUMBAI: A bull on its way to be sacrificed escapes in the heart of Mumbai. Four months later, a resident of Byculla who claims to have bought the bull for sacrifice during Bakr-Id, has approached the Bombay High Court seeking the release of the animal from the clutches of the police and the BMC. The bull's fate now rest in the hands of the High Court.A division bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode on Wednesday asked the D B Marg police, who captured the bull, and the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), which has lodged the animal in its cattle pound, to reply to the petition filed by Muzaammil Ansari (24).The bull's story begins on October 7, 2011, when Ansari, who claims to be a student, purchased the animal through Maruti Salunkhe from the Deonar abattoir for Rs 25,000. While Salunkhe was transporting the animal to Ansari's house, it made a break for freedom. Ansari claims he searched high and low for the animal but was unsuccessful. Subsequently, the D B Marg police who captured the bull lodged a case of animal cruelty on October 10, 2011.Salunkhe approached the Girgaum metropolitan court, which in November 2011 ordered the release of the bull against an indemnity bond of Rs 30,000. According to Ansari, despite depositing around Rs 4,970 with the police, they refused to release the bull.\"The police have not only committed contempt of court by not complying with a judicial order, but also violated a person's fundamental right to practise his religion,\" claimed advocate Feroze Ansari, who is representing the petitioner before the Bombay High Court.Under the rules, while slaughter of cow is not allowed, sacrifice of bull for religious reason is permitted on a certificate by a veterinary surgeon. The High Court has scheduled the matter for further hearing next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12000969", "title": "Govt promises to rein in apartment developers", "text": "BANGALORE: The government will take a series of measures to ensure that apartment buyers are not shortchanged by developers.The proposals include steps to see that buyers' interests are protected in case of defective work and unauthorized changes in construction of apartments, and deposits collected by developers towards formation of society, payment of local taxes, electricity/water/revenue charges are used for rightful purposes.During the hearing of a writ petition, the government told the high court that it will issue appropriate notifications within four weeks. \"If granted, (four weeks), the state will try and issue appropriate notifications to comply with Section 5 and subsection 4 of Section 7 of the Karnataka Ownership Flats (Regulation of the Promotion of Construction, Sale, Management and Transfer) Act, 1972,\" advocate general S Vijay Shankar told the court.Justice Rammohan Reddy acceded to the government's plea for time and adjourned the hearing.The advocate general told the court that a draft Real Estate (Regulation &amp; Development) Bill, 2011, is on the anvil. The comprehensive legislation seeks to regulate flats and real estate developments and ensure sale of immovable properties in a transparent manner by protecting the interest of consumers, he added.Shankar said the proposed bill will ensure that an appellate tribunal is set up to adjudicate disputes, besides substantially doing away with anomalies in the state law.The writ petition was filed by K Gangadhar Reddy and others, all residents of Diamond District apartments on Old Airport Road. Their grievance is that the erstwhile Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BMP), now Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP), had refused to issue khatas in their name, saying they are all only 'tenants'.The civic body's argument is that part of the complex had been constructed in violation of zonal regulations and it had withdrawn occupancy certificate issued to the builder way back in 1999. Further, a khata cannot be issued as the apartments haven't been formally registered in the name of buyers. The land on which the complex is built originally belonged to Karnataka State Tourism Development Corporation (KSTDC).What the govt has promised to doThe government has promised the high court that it will issue notifications to put into effect Section 5 and sub-section 4 of Section 7 of the Karnataka Ownership Flats (Regulation of the Promotion of Construction, Sale, Management and Transfer) Act, 1972.The SectionsSection 5 pertains to the promoter's obligation to maintain a separate bank account for money taken from purchasers as advance or deposit towards formation of a cooperative society or various outgoings like ground rent, municipal taxes, water and electricity charges and revenue assessment. The promoter is obligated to use the money only for the purpose for which he has collected it and provide details of the same on demand.Sub-section 4 of Section 7 secures the purchaser's interest in case of any defect in the building or material used or any unauthorized change in construction. The promoter is also obligated to rectify any such defect or change or pay reasonable compensation for the same, failing which the matter may be referred to a specified government official, whose decision in the matter will be final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998233", "title": "SC asks Centre, states to give details on pending mercy pleas in three days", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday took exception to the delay in getting information relating to pending mercy pleas by condemned prisoners before the President and the governors and asked the Centre and states concerned to provide details about such pendency within three days.Expressing anguish over the casual approach of the governments, a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhyay said this was the final opportunity to the governments concerned and posted petitions on this issue for final hearing on March 1.The court asked home secretaries concerned to supply required data to the office of the additional solicitor general in Supreme Court dealing with the case. The court also asked advocate Siddharth Dave, who appeared for the Centre, to bring all details about pending mercy pleas on the next date of hearing.A petition by condemned prisoner Devender Pal Singh Bhullar about inordinate delay in consideration of his mercy plea by the President had persuaded the apex court to take note of the plight of similarly placed death row convicts who were living in jails with an uncertain future.Bhullar, who was convicted for masterminding a bomb blast that killed nine people in Delhi, has been on death row since August 25, 2001. His mercy petition was pending with the President for eight years and was finally dismissed late last year.Since January 2011, he has been undergoing treatment for depression at the Institute of Human Behaviour and Allied Sciences (IHBAS) for mental trauma and he had moved the apex court for clemency on the ground of delay.Finding no reason for the Centre and states to inordinately delay decision on mercy petitions, the bench said, \"We want to know from the date mercy petitions reach the competent authority, what is being done.\"There is no time limit to consider mercy petitions, but the delay by the government is viewed as a serious violation of right to life and liberty of condemned prisoners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11997934", "title": "Looking good: Men splurge on cosmetics", "text": "MUMBAI: The verdict is out. Men are rapidly converting to using products that were hitherto considered the domain of women.High on the spirit of vanity, the male personal care category is growing faster than the overall category growth rates in skin creams, hair colour and even toilet soaps where such products have failed to take off in the past. A classic example is when the consumer products division of Shaw Wallace first launched Aramusk soap nearly three decades back. It did not taste success because consumers then were not ready to bring home two brands of soap.Today, going by Nielsen's numbers, the trend seems to have reversed. And quite sharply. The male toilet soap segment grew at 43% all-India in 2011, whereas the overall soap category grew at just 7%. Clearly, saturated categories like toilet soaps have reached out to a new customer base to unlock growth.Anil Chugh, senior vice-president, Wipro Consumer Care &amp; Lighting, which now owns brand Aramusk, describes the phenomenon as the byproduct of urbanization. \"Male grooming segment is picking up due to urbanization and brand choices available today compared to a few years ago. With the relaunch of Aramusk, the oldest male soap in the country, we are seeking to strengthen our presence in this segment.\"Aramusk itself is finding a place under the sun only now. Originally launched by Shaw Wallace, it changed hands thrice in its life cycle, first being sold to Henkel and then to V V F. Wipro, its current owner, is clearly enthused. It is now planning to launch products in male grooming categories like deodorants, talc, shaving range, face wash and shower gel.Apart from urbanization, experts reckon that marketing has contributed to the growth. Roosevelt D'Souza, executive director, Nielsen India, said, \"Rising aspirations of the Indian to appear better groomed has given birth to this fresh segment of 'male grooming' which has grown at 34% in 2011. The increasing number of unisex salons and launch of products in the market with celebrities endorsing them is proof of this.\"According to Nielsen, the male segment in skin creams grew at 41%, while the overall category growth was 27%. On the other hand, in hair colour, the male segment grew at nearly three times the overall category growth of 23%.It's not going to remain confined to the urban market either. \"The trend is largely an urban phenomenon, but is seen to be moving into the next level of smaller towns as well,\" said Satyaki Ghosh, director (consumer products division), L'Oreal India, which was among the early adopters of the trend with 'Garnier for Men', a concept that was developed in India.With growing affluence in India and increased awareness about the need to look good, men are seeking specialized products for their grooming needs.Heeding to the needs of the new consumer base, companies are going all out to tweak product designs and formulations.\"Increasingly, the trend is to look for customized offerings for males. Companies are introducing products to suit the specific needs and skin types of men,\" said Sanjay Singal, marketing head (skincare), Dabur India, which created a separate facial bleach brand for men called Saka, even as its Fem bleach brand is popular among women.To partake in the growth story of the male youth in particular, Marico acquired brands like Set Wet and Zatak from Reckitt Benckiser , last week. Saugata Gupta, the company's CEO (consumer products business), said the objective behind the acquisition was to fill the gap in its portfolio as Marico did not have a local youth brand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001303", "title": "Security reviewed at US consulate in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police reviewed security arrangements in place at the US consulate in Begumpet on Wednesday.The review was done in view of the recent blast targeting an Israeli envoy in Delhi.Deputy commissioner of police (North Zone) Ch Srikanth reviewed the security system in place with the consulate security committee. ``The security arrangements in place are elaborate and satisfactory.However, we asked the forces to be alert,'' Srikanth said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "goa velha", "code": "12003295", "title": "Neck-and-neck fight in St Andre", "text": "Goa Velha: An anti-incumbency factor has cast the sitting Congress MLA Francis Silveira in a challenging clash with his BJP rival, Vishnu Wagh, and two others in a four-cornered contest, which promises to go down to the wire in the St Andre constituency.The three-time MLA's prospects are unaffected by the process of delimitation, rebellion within the party or setbacks arising out of any alliance. As a sitting MLA, Silveira hardly faced any competition for a ticket. The BJP-MGP alliance is also unlikely to have much impact.As compared to past contests, the BJP support base has grown over the years, and it is this factor that has Silveira worried, coupled with an anti-Congress sentiment, prevalent in some pockets.Wagh is confident that his image as a former editor and theatre personality will set him apart from full-fledged politicians. \"People from all walks of life in Mandur-Azossim, Neura and other areas, including the MLA's bastion, Agassaim are supporting me,\" the BJP candidate said.He alleged that the constituency has suffered for a decade due to neglect. \"Silveira has not delivered the goods and I think with my eloquence, intelligence and determination, I will do a better job as MLA,\" he said.Silveira denied that there is any anti-incumbency factor or the constituency has been neglected. \"I have completed several works at a cost of over 100 crore. Two major ones are the state-of-the-art panchayat ghars with community halls, libraries and shops (for revenue-generation) for panchayats in Neura and Batim. \"No minister has been able to raise such panchayat ghars,\" Silveira said.He went on to add that the water and power supply in the constituency has been improved through various measures. A project to repair the 2.5km bundh in in Dongorim and Azossim along the Cumbarjua canal has been taken up. After completion, it will prevent flooding and help revive agriculture in khazan lands, he said. A bridge at Dongorim will provide access to farmers and machinery in the fields. Two major district roads and even internal roads have been hotmixed.A series of beautification projects in Siridao, Goa Velha, Dongorim, Neura and Azossim and a 20-bedded hospital at Mandur are in various stages of development, he said. \"People will vote for me on the basis of the development I have carried out,\" he said.Sangodkar, former president of BJP's St Andre's mandal, is a new entrant to the assembly poll arena, but says his clean image and social work will boost his image. \"I worked sincerely as a goldsmith for 25 years,\" he says. He has helped people as a yoga teacher for the past six years. \"I may not be an orator, but my sincerity will help me and I am not communal,\" he said. Sangodkar is irked with the BJP for cold-shouldering him for the party ticket, \"I have not hopped from party to party,\" he said with subtle indication to Wagh. He has already released his manifesto and said he is spending his own money.Marshall is a newcomer to politics, but as a TC candidate, he has pledged to work for administrative reforms.While Wagh said there is growing support for him in the constituency, Silveira is confident that he will win by a sizeable margin, as he claims to enjoys the support of seven sarpanchas and most members, barring a few. Sangodkar is banking on his personal rapport with people.However, the contest appears to be largely between the two national party candidates and promises to be a close one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001267", "title": "Vikram\u2019s off to Alleppey", "text": "Bollywood star Aamir Khan spent two days shooting in Alleppey recently. Now, there is more treat for the localities.Tamil star Vikram will be heading to Alleppey too. The actor is currently in Mangalore, shooting for director Bejoy Nambiar's much-hyped bilingual film David. The film has been in the news for various signings and changes in star cast for a while now, the latest update involved Bollywood star Shah Rukh Khan. Jiiva is also said to be a part of this thriller that requires three lead actors.A part of the crew of David is currently in Alleppey for a recce. They are finalising on shooting locations for a couple of scenes that will feature Vikram. A person currently involved in the planning says, \"It seems like they have a rather complicated shoot planned for these four days, which is probably why there is so much preparation going into it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "11998425", "title": "Delhi cops arrest Darbhanga man", "text": "DARBHANGA: A police team from the special branch of Delhi Police led by inspector Lalit Mohan Negi on Tuesday arrested Mohd Kafil (50), a cycle mechanic from Shivdhara market under Darbhanga Sadar police station, on the basis of a non-bailable warrant of arrest issued by a Delhi court against him in a case under the Unlawful Activities Act registered in the Lodi Colony police station on November 22, 2011.Darbhanga IG R K Mishra confirmed Kafil's arrest but did not say anything about his links with any terror group, including the Indian Mujahideen.The Delhi Police arrested Mohd Kafil without even consulting the local police. This triggered rumour that the cycle mechanic had been kidnapped.The Darbhanga Sadar police soon swung into action. The Delhi Police inspector later informed the SHO of the Darbhanga Sadar police station, Mithilesh Kumar Jha, that Kafil had been arrested and was being taken to Delhi as a non-bailable warrant of arrest had been issued against him.SHO Jha said the Delhi police inspector later informed him about Kafil's arrest. It may be recalled that two teams from the Mumbai ATS had visited Darbhanga in January and February in connection with the last year's Mumbai bomb blast. Two motorcycles used in the blast had also been recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12003569", "title": "Fadnavis selected as BJP observer for Goa", "text": "NAGPUR: MLA and general secretary of BJP state unit Devendra Fadnavis has been deputed to Goa to work as party observer for the assembly elections of the state scheduled on March 3. He left for Goa on Wednesday evening soon after the Nagpur Vikas Aghadi - that is to take control of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) - was formally registered with the divisional commissioner.Fadnavis had played a key role as strategist and campaign manager in the recently concluded NMC elections. Not only did the BJP manage to retain power but also the number of the corporators went up from 55 to 62. Soon after that the BJP local unit spearheaded a drive to enlist support of all the 10 independents joining the Nagpur Vikas Aghadi, a coalition that will take charge of NMC for a fresh term.Impressed by his efforts and success in Nagpur, party president Nitin Gadkadri has now given him a special assignment to manage electioneering in Goa where voting will be held for the 40-member state assembly on March 3. The party has earlier tasted power in the western state and is making a concerted bid to dislodge the Congress-led government there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001217", "title": "Saif Ali Khan: The Bratty Nawab", "text": "Why are we not surprised about the brouhaha over Saif Ali Khan's fit of Agent Vinodish rage? Simply because although he would like to establish his image as a Renaissance Man - who reads tomes and lounges around with a decanter of wine and a Havana in the evenings - he is anything but. Taste and class elude him despite brave attempts. However he has to be given a certificate of merit - for pointing out that he was educated in... in phases, he also keeps his opinionated views to himself.If Gulzar were to remember the days when his Pali Hill bungalow played host to Saif, he would smile non-committally but sources on Bandra aver that the lyricist-director was entrusted the charge of the Pataudi scion. The boy would return late at night or the proverbial wee hours. It is recalled that he smashed up a car around then. We assume Sharmila Tagore had hoped her son would be tamed by her Mausam director and friend. Obviously it did not work. If rumours from the good or bad old days are to be trusted Saif was dating Moon Moon Sen around those times.Rahul Rawail, director known for introducing talent, dropped Saif from Bekhudi, again because of lack of discipline. He was replaced by Kamal Sadanah. The rejected Saif and Kamal were eventually known to paint the town a Bloody Mary red. Boys will be boys. No harm in all this but the more successful of the two went on to treat scribes as if they owed him a favour. Saif vehemently denied his marriage to Amrita Singh. Next morning he admitted to the marriage.Reportedly the twosome was irked by a report by Ashok Rao Kavi mentioning Sharmila Tagore. Nawabzaada and the begum showed up at the journalist's doorstep to rant and threaten dire consequences. We wonder how Amrita remembers that incident but according to those close to her, there's no love lost between her and mother-in-law. A Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi story maybe. Amrita has set up her own apartment in Juhu and is said is to be far far closer to their two children than he is.The Saifeena image has been kept sweet and sugary in the public eye by a PR agency. Scribes however are wise to their manipulative moves. An editor was shocked when the two smoothly got him and another publication to do front page stories on the same day. Saif had said it was an exclusive.Saif and Kareena may not be alone in indulging in such media sport. But his conduct is unbecoming to say the least. Is he respected by his peers and the media? He needs to ask himself the question much before he tries to give the impression that he is a Renaissance Man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998534", "title": "Some PAC members oppose visit to RIL-run KG offshore gas fields", "text": "NEW DELHI: A proposal to facilitate a tour of the Reliance Industries-run KG offshore gas fields for members of the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) ran into rough weather on Wednesday, with some MPs objecting to the visit as being unnecessary and undesirable.The PAC members are scheduled to visit the fields from March 1 to 3 but at Wednesday's meeting MPs from regional parties and Left - as well as a few Congress members - wondered whether it would be appropriate to visit the facility at a time when the panel is examining a report of the Comptroller and Auditor General.With transparency in public life the buzzword since the Anna Hazare movement caught the public imagination last year; MPs were hesitant over a visit to the giant offshore complex as they felt it might be more prudent to adopt an arm's length policy. It is also felt that the MPs are hardly equipped to understand the technical details.The CAG report has pulled up the operator for failing to fulfill contractual obligations, while the government has been criticized for not implementing terms of the production-sharing agreement. The committee chairperson Murli Manohar Joshi's explanation said the visit was being organized by the oil ministry did not wash with MPs who said they did not want to be part of the tour.The matter was raised by BJD MP Bhartruhari Mahtab who found the support of CPM's Prasanta Chatterjee and later from Congress's Girija Vyas . After Mahtab demurred about joining the expedition to KG basin, members like Congress's Sanjay Nirupam argued that the panel should go ahead with its plans only if there is unanimity on this within the committee.With some members suggesting the visit be put off for a while, Joshi reportedly asked whether this would mean the visit being rescheduled in April - when the committee's tenure is due to end - MPs did not express a clear view.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "12003596", "title": "Gondwana varsity to begin with semester pattern", "text": "GADCHIROLI: Maharashtra's newest university - Gondwana - in Gadchiroli may be still awaiting formal inauguration but its officials are making sure it makes an impressive debut. Its first vice-chancellor Vijay Ainchwar and his team have drawn up ambitious plans to make the university, located in tribal area, as one of the best in country. Though other traditional universities, including Nagpur, are struggling to introduce semester pattern in postgraduate courses, GU will have this pattern even for undergraduate programmes. \"Our first session from 2012-13 would begin with semester and Choice Based Credit System (CBCS),\" Ainchwar said.The VC has roped in renowned architect Ashfaq Ahmed who made designs for Gorewada Zoo for preparing a 'master plan' for the university that includes administrative complex as well as various department buildings. \"These buildings would have state-of-the-art infrastructure and would be self-contained. Each department would have its laboratories, staff quarters, library, hostel, computer lab and auditorium apart from classrooms,\" he added.Ainchwar said that funds were not a problem as Tribal Development Corporation had granted Rs 5 crore to the university, to be carved out of Nagpur University with a view to develop Naxal affected district. \"Even UGC and state government would provide funds,\" he said. The VC disclosed they planned to admit all students online and had already started preparations for it. \"We have appointed Namdeo Kokode as Board of College and University Director (BCUD) who is making all out efforts to get the job done,\" Ainchwar said.The university would commence short-term courses specially designed for students from tribal areas. \"Initially, 10 courses including those like extracting honey, how to catch snakes and extract poison to be used for medicinal purpose would start. These would help candidates get employed locally,\" the former principal of SP College in Chandrapur said.GU has a logo with green and yellow stripes depicting tribal lifestyle and its website is getting final touches. Vinayak Irpate and BS Rathod have joined as registrar and Finance and Accounts Officer (FAO) respectively. The university has advertised for the posts of Controller of Examination (CoE) and librarian.Ainchwar informed they had identified 151 acre land on Chamorshi road a part of which was Zudpi jungle. \"We have submitted application to the collector and other authorities and are hopeful of being allotted that. We are focusing on 10-acre land we already have which was earlier part of NU's Gadchiroli sub-centre,\" he said.Fact-file:* GU will formally opened after ZP and municipal elections* It will be state's newest university after Solapur in 2004* NU to be bifurcated for second time after creation of Amravati university in 1983* GU will affiliate 177 colleges in Chandrapur and Gadchiroli districts* NU's sub-centre and five PG departments to be part of GU* GU will conduct first exams in November 2012* All courses would have semester pattern", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12004165", "title": "Uggie \u2018in love with Reese Witherspoon\u2019", "text": "Reese Witherspoon has found a very unlikely fan in Hollywood's latest canine star Uggie.The trainer of the Jack Russell , who stole the show in multi-award winning 'The Artist', says the plucky little terrier will be extra waggy, during Oscars, this Sunday because of his attraction to her.\"He likes Reese,\" the Daily Express quoted Owen Van Muller, who rescued Uggie from a pound when he was eight months old, as saying.\"They worked together in Water For Elephants and he just wanted to kiss her every time. He's in love with her,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001850", "title": "Sivaji Ganesan attends his film\u2019s trailer launch!", "text": "Surprised?Well, we too were when theatre personality and actor Y Gee Mahendra, who was the host of the trailer launch function for the restored version of Sivaji Ganesan's Karnan, announced on stage that the legendary actor will be gracing the event. He even requested two chairs be placed on the stage for the actor and the film's director B R Panthulu.Later, explaining his actions to the stumped audience, Y Gee said, \"Though Sivaji and Panthulu are no longer with us in their mortal forms, I'm sure they will attend the event in spirit as this is a celebration of their extraordinary efforts to bring the mythological figure Karnan on screen.\"Going ahead with this concept, when the special guests were later called on to the stage, the event organizers ensured that two chairs remained vacant, signifying the presence of the duo. It was a gesture that seemed touching and bizarre at the same time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998167", "title": "'Additional charges against Salem might be dropped'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is exploring the possibility of dropping additional charges by Indian courts against underworld don Abu Salem and also inform Portuguese authorities about it, official sources said. The decision was taken at meeting in the ministry of home affairs, where officials from the CBI, the law ministry and the ministry of external affairs took part. Sources claimed that the home ministry has been asked to coordinate with the state police departments on their stand on additional charges imposed by them and the CBI has been asked to look into the legalities and then accordingly inform the court.Sources said the home ministry had been declared as a nodal ministry to take a decision on this, and also liaise with other police forces where he is facing cases. It was decided that the Portuguese courts will be apprised about the recent Supreme Court of India's order that had spelt that the order of the Portuguese court should be respected and also stayed the TADA proceedings in two cases against Salem.Portugal's Supreme Court had recently upheld the order of a lower court there, terminating his extradition for \"violation\" of deportation rules by Indian authorities. At the time of Salem's extradition, India had assured Portugal that no charges attracting death penalty, or jail for more than 25 years would be pressed against him, but such charges were later brought in by Delhi and Mumbai Police. During the meeting, CBI and MEA officials gave a presentation that non-adherence of executive assurance would not augur well for the future cooperation from foreign nations, sources said.In a setback to India, Portugal's Supreme Court had upheld an order that cancelled extradition of the gangster for violation of deportation rules by slapping new charges that attracted death penalty. The CBI had said the SC did not cancel the extradition of Salem and that only a technical point was raised. It also said the order is not expected to have any repercussions on the status of Salem's ongoing trial in India.Delhi Police had recently agreed to drop charges against Salem.Salem, who along with Dawood Ibrahim , is a prime accused for 1993 Mumbai serial blasts, and his girlfriend Monica Bedi were extradited to India on November 11, 2005, after a three-year-long legal process in Portugal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11999341", "title": "Frequent attacks a cause of worry for TN fishermen", "text": "MADURAI: The recent killing of two fishermen by armed guards of Italian vessel Enrica Lexie has irked the community to a great deal, who want the Italian crew to be given stringent punishment to prevent any such incident in the future. Ajeesh Pinku from Colachel in Kanyakumari district in Tamil Nadu and Jalestine from Kollam district in Kerala were killed when security personnel of Enrica Lexie allegedly fired at their boat on February 15, mistaking the fishermen for pirates.Emotions are running high in the fishermen community, who feel they are being let down despite the enormous foreign exchange they earn for the state and Central governments. \"Our very life has become a question mark after this incident. Hundreds of vessels cross the waters in the region and if people start shooting this way, the existence of fishermen in Kanyakumari will become difficult,\" says Nanjil Michael, president of the All-India Fishermen Front.Fishermen from the Kanyakumari region venture out in different directions for deep sea fishing. They use long lines and gill nets to catch specific breed of fishes. Their fishing expeditions usually last a week. They fish in the waters near the Kerala, Goa and Gujarat coasts.The shooting incident has terrified the community, especially because they are more involved in deep sea fishing as compared to their counterparts in Rameswaram.The panic is felt also in the in Colachel region. The Western coast they frequent is used by thousands of merchant vessels at the international maritime boundary line (IMBL) and such incidents of shooting cause widespread panic.\"The fishermen demand protection from the government,\" said L Wilfred, former president of the Kanyakumari Mechanised Fishermen Association.It has irked fishermen in Rameswaram too, who are at the receiving end of attacks by the Sri Lankan Navy. \"The lives of fishermen has become so cheap that anybody can shoot at them. Nobody bothers about the revenue we earn for the country or the fish many have for their staple diet,\" fumes B Jesuraja of the Mechanised Boats Association, Rameswaram.\"If they assume us for pirates and shoot indiscriminately, can we retaliate in the same manner and later claim that we suspected them for terrorists. Strict action should be taken against the guards involved in the shooting incident,\" said Anthony, a fishermen from Kanyakumari. On any grounds, the shooting of fishermen should not be tolerated, else such kind of incidents will repeat, he added.\"If the Centre deals with them liberally, the fishermen will stage a series of demonstrations for we had enough discrimination from the government side,\" Michael said. However, Venugopal, state president, Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boat Fishermens Association, Chennai stated that the government was quick to take action in this case. \"The government has acted very quick and detained the Italian ship for investigation. We are hopeful that the government will come out with proper legal measures in this case,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001551", "title": "CCL boys celebrate their victory", "text": "Our boys from Kollywood assembled together and this time they had only one agenda on mind - to celebrate.This group was upbeat after its recent victory at the celebrity cricket tournament, where they managed to retain their title. We spotted all the actors looking their happiest best, as they willingly posed for all the shutterbugs. While Vishal and Vikraanth were busy answering questions posed by both the fans and the media, Vishnu came in despite his injury in the tournament and walked around like a true hero. We also spotted other team members like Shiva, Shanthnoo, Ramana and Srikanth at this get-together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12001561", "title": "AI flight sticks to its old ways", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Air India flight from Sahnewal airport is back to its old and familiar ways of staying grounded. After giving air travellers a pleasant surprise last week when it flew thrice as per schedule, the flight remained cancelled on Monday and Wednesday due to bad weather and poor visibility.Visibility was recorded at 0.35km and 0.70km at 8.30am and 11.30am respectively on Wednesday. Light rainfall and cloudy weather had caused the flight to be cancelled on Monday and fog kept it grounded on Wednesday. Manager with Air India Amrik Singh said, \"We are hoping that the situation would improve on Friday and the aircraft would take flight.\"Commuters, who were looking forward to the flight becoming regular, were disappointed by news of the cancellations on Monday and Wednesday. \"It is very bad that there is only a single flight for Delhi and that too is not operational on a regular basis. I was thinking that since the weather is turning warmer AI will not cancel frequently but it seems intent on sticking to its track record,'' said businessman Amandeep Singh, a resident of Dugri.Tajinder Kaur, a homemaker staying in Sarabha Nagar, said, \"My son is in Canada and we have many relatives in Delhi too so we have to keep travelling to the capital city but since there is no flight from this airport we depend on trains. Officials should take this airport seriously and install basic equipment here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998380", "title": "Pak handlers intended to camouflage identity of 26/11 terrorists, SC told", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Maharashtra government on Wednesday told the Supreme Court that the Pakistani handlers of the 26/11 terrorists intended to camouflage the gunmen's identity by providing them with Indian identity documents and demanding withdrawal of Army from Kashmir through an Indian TV channel to portray the terror attack as an indigenous expression of dissent by Kashmiris against the Indian government.Appearing for the Maharashtra government, senior advocate Gopal Subramaniam and prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam read out transcripts of intercepted conversations between the Pakistani handlers and the 10 terrorists who wrought mayhem in Mumbai to drive home the point that though the conspirators were operating from Pakistan, they had made every attempt to hide their and the country's identity.A bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Chandramauli Kumar Prasad said it would like to view the 26/11 related CCTV footage as well as hear the recorded conversation between the terrorists and their handlers.On request of amicus curiae Raju Ramachandran, the senior advocate who argued for life sentence for the lone surviving gunman Ajmal Kasab, the judges agreed to do it on Thursday afternoon in their chamber rather than in open court. Both in the trial court and the Mumbai High Court, the CCTV footage and recorded intercepts were played in open court.Subramaniam said all the 10 terrorists were provided Chinese-made Nokia mobile sets with the instruction to switch it on after reaching India. Police, which could recover only five mobile sets, discovered from the IMEI numbers, which are peculiar to every mobile handset, that all of them came from Pakistan.The senior advocate said the terrorists tried to change the SIM cards of their phones with the ones forcibly obtained from terrorized guests at the attacked locations but the IMEI numbers gave away their identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11999540", "title": "Unattached members of assembly, Parliament entitled to vote: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday said that unattached members of a legislative assembly or Parliament are entitled to vote and cannot be prevented from voting.\"Unattached members can vote. There is nothing which prevents them from voting\", a bench of justices Altamas Kabir and J Chelameshwar said while dealing with the Haryana assembly speaker's petition challenging the high court order disallowing six HJC MLAs from joining the state's ruling Congress.The apex court cited its earlier ruling in the Ravi Naik (Goa assembly) case that even if a member is declared unattached, he or she is entitled to vote.The bench made the remarks after solicitor general Rohington Nariman, appearing for the speaker, criticised the high court order as being erroneous and contrary to law as it had curtailed the powers of the six MLAs, including their voting rights.The apex court had earlier stayed a Punjab and Haryana high court order, which temporarily disallowed five Haryana Janhit Congress MLAs from joining ruling Congress till the assembly speaker took a decision on the disqualification petition.The speaker submitted that the high court's direction \"ex-facie suffers some lack of jurisdiction and non-application of mind to the settled law.\"Nariman submitted that the high court has no jurisdiction to declare a member as unattached as the power is vested only with the speaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12003802", "title": "Five copying cases reported in Akola", "text": "AKOLA: Only five Std XII students were caught red handed for copying on the first day of examination on Tuesday at the time of English paper, official sources said.One of the students was appearing from Narsing Maharaj Kanya Shala centre, two from Chhohatta Bazar centre and one each from Dahihanda and Patur centre. All the five students were suspended by the flying squad set up as part of the Nanded model to curb copying cases in the state.In total 27,229 students from 83 centres are appearing for the HSC examination.The students in the Akola region took a vow that they will not indulge in copying as part of the copy-free campaign. According to the squad the copy-free campaign had received a tremendous response in the district.However, professor Shrikant Deshpande asked the state government not to penalize the teachers if five students at a centre are found copying. This new rule assassinates the teachers' character. According to new rule, from this year action will be taken against the principal or teachers if cases of mass copying are reported from a centre.BoxHSC student dies as truck ram bicycleAmravati: A day before the HSC exams were to begin, a Std XII, Mohd. Tausif Naziruddin met a tragic end after his bicycle was knocked down by a truck at bridge on Purna River on Monday. Tausif sustained serious injuries and was taken to Amravati hospital, where he was declared dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11991445", "title": "Bipasha Basu is spreading love!", "text": "Bipasha Basu has changed and how! The actress, known for her occasional tantrums has changed completely - for the better! A unit hand from the sets of Jodi Breakers informed us that the actress has been so nice to the crew of Jodi Breakers that everyone on the sets has started loving her.Bipasha not only reports on time, but has also makes the atmosphere more lively. The actress was so nice with everyone that nobody would ever believe that she could throw tantrums, too.\"Bipasha is humble and fun on the sets of Jodi Breakers. She used to be nice with everyone on the sets. Not just that the actress used to bring smile to most of the unit members' faces by distributing gifts,\" we were told.Is it the after effects of her break-up with long time beau John, we don't know. But sharing is caring, and Bips has been doing a lot of that these days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11998826", "title": "Chance for private firm to clean up its act: NHAI", "text": "GURGAON: A day after the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) issued a notice to terminate the agreement to run the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway, sources in the authority said now it's for Delhi high court to pronounce an order. They said that the concessionaire could submit its claims and views in the court to rectify its financial irregularities and clarify its plans to improve service on the expressway.\"The issue of refinancing to the tune of Rs 1,597 crore could be sorted out. But the bigger concern is the hardship that commuters are facing on the expressway even after paying toll. There is public outcry against poor services. Cancellation of the project would do no good to the NHAI or to the industry as a whole, which largely runs on Public Private Partnership (PPP) mode,\" said a senior NHAI official.However, he added that the concessionaire, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL) did not take the requisite prior approval while changing the financiers in the recent case. It has alleged that the private firm has used a provisional no objection certificate (NOC) issued by the NHAI to raise Rs 1,275 crore loan on an earlier occasion to change the financiers and even got Rs 1,597 crore.But the concessionaire defended itself saying that refinancing was done in September 2010 on the basis of the NOC issued to the company in July 2009. \"Subsequently, the refinancing had been completed after incorporating all the comments of the NHAI in the financing documents which were provided by it in January/March, 2010. Thus prior approvals had been taken by the company for refinancing,\" a spokesperson of DGSCL said.The NHAI has also blamed the company for failing to improve traffic flow at the 32-lane toll plaza. The authority has observed that the total travel time on the expressway has increased significantly, thereby deteriorating the quality of service on this stretch.Responding to these charges, the concessionaire says, \"The toll plaza was designed in 2004 after taking all necessary approvals from the NHAI and the independent consultant appointed by it. In 2008-09, the consultant had even certified that the toll plaza had been constructed as per the concession agreement and was sufficient to meet the future traffic requirements. Even otherwise, very recently the toll plaza expansion drawings have also been recommended to the NHAI by the consultant.\"The third main ground on which the NHAI had served the order is the firm's failure to finalize the operation and maintenance plan for 2011-12. Sources in the NHAI said that there seemed to be the least preparation on the concessionaire's part to undertake the task of overlaying of the entire stretch in 2013.But the firm claims, \"The O&M; plan has already been approved by the independent consultant and even the O&M; plan for 2012-13 has been provided by the company for their review and approval. Thus now the O&M; plan for 2011-12 has no relevance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12002788", "title": "One stabbed to death in Nuvem", "text": "MARGAO: A late night brawl at a \"rain dance\" party on Tuesday in Nuvem resulted in a 20-year-old youth, Manjit Fernandes, being stabbed to death by an unknown person.Police sources said that Fernandes, a resident of Assolna, along with some of his friends, had gone to a rain dance party and as they were coming out of the dance, they entered into an altercation with another group of party revelers. The dispute soon turned violent and one of them pushed Fernandes while another stabbed him with a knife near the abdomen.His friends rushed him to Hospicio hospital in Margao, however, he died while undergoing treatment at around 11.30pm Tuesday.The police were awaiting the postmortem report till late Wednesday evening.While it is unclear what the dispute was about, Maina-Curtorim police inspector Ramesh Gaonkar, who is conducting the investigation, said that murder didn't appear to have been pre-meditated. \"Looks like it happened at the spur of the moment. Nobody even realized that he was stabbed. It was only when others saw him bleeding that he was taken to the hospital,\" Gaonkar told mediapersons.Maina-Curtorim police have registered an offence of murder against unknown accused. Police sources said that they were working on some definite leads that could lead to the arrest of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11999145", "title": "Stateless people", "text": "More than 50,000 people living on both sides of the Indo-Bangladesh border have the game of chess to blame for their terrible fate. They - residents of the officially recognized 111 Indian enclaves in Bangladesh and 55 Bangladeshi enclaves in India - have been living as \"stateless citizens\" since 1947 without even basic human rights and out of the ambit of all state-funded development and welfare schemes.Two agreements, between Jawaharlal Nehru and his Pakistani counterpart Feroz Khan Noon in 1958 and between Indira Gandhi and Sheikh Mujibur Rahman in 1974, to integrate these enclaves with their respective countries, have remained only on paper. But now, bolstered by reports of both Dhaka and New Delhi deciding to implement the agreements, the long-suffering residents of the enclaves see a light at the end of the long, dark tunnel of unimaginable hunger, hardships, humiliation and harassment.Stateless citizensTapan Burman, a resident of Dhabalsati-Mirgipur, a Bangladeshi enclave in West Bengal's Cooch Behar district, migrated to Kerala to work as a daily labourer, but returned after being fined Rs 1,000 for not possessing an identity card that would prove his nationality.Tapan is not entitled to have any Indian ID card as officially he is not an Indian. But the surprising part of the story is that Tapan is not a Bangladeshi either. He is just an enclave dweller who is deprived of the most basic thing of life - nationality.Tapan is one among the 14,000 people in the Bangladeshi enclaves in North Bengal (unofficially, there are 92 Bangladeshi enclaves in India with a population of 1.87 lakh and 129 Indian enclaves in Bangladeshi with a population of 1.13 lakh) and also the 37,000 people of Indian enclaves in Bangladesh who share a similar fate. They don't have voting rights, ration cards, jobs and are denied of basic facilities like healthcare, water, power supply and education.Take Mashaldanga, a large Bangladeshi enclave in Cooch Behar. Spread over 400 acres, its 10,000-odd residents (official figure: around 2,000) lead a life of poverty and constant fear. Fear of being arrested and sent off to prison as soon as they step out of the enclave, as they have to in order to survive. Fear of the harassment that's common at the hands of BSF, police and even Indian citizens who ridicule, cheat and extort money from them. Fear that a stateless citizen, with no rights and privileges, would naturally harbour.\"Though we are residents of Bangladesh, we don't enjoy any rights and privileges of Bangladeshis. Bangladesh doesn't give us anything. We can't go to Bangladesh and we're considered foreigners by India, which says it has no obligations towards us. That's why we are stateless citizens,\" Akbar Ali Sheikh, 50, a resident of this enclave, tells TOI. Mashaldanga, like other enclaves, has no electricity, water supply, schools, health centres and other facilities. \"We have been left by Bangladesh, our own country, and India to fend for ourselves,\" says Sheikh.Administrative vacuumBut more than water, power and healthcare, what the residents of these enclaves on both sides of the border sorely miss, and suffer from as a result, is the lack of any administrative machinery.\"There is no panchayat, no civil or police administration. If any crime is committed in a chhitmahal (as the enclaves are called), the residents there can't go to the Indian police. And there's no question of crossing the border to contact the Bangladesh police who, anyway, cannot enter the Bangladeshi chhitmahals through Indian territory. The people in the enclaves have to resolve their own problems and disputes,\" Bharat-Bangladesh Enclave Exchange Coordination Committee (BBEECC) coordinator Diptiman Sengupta tells TOI.Take the case of Poatharkuthi (another large Bangladeshi enclave and home to 1,500 families) resident Md Hanif Ali. His granddaughter, six-year-old Almina Khatun, was abducted two years ago by a 23-year-old boy of Khatamari village (in India). \"We managed to go to Khatamari, rescued the girl and in the process, the boy was also heckled. The head of that village came here the next day and ordered me to pay a fine of Rs 10,000. We had to pay up. The (Indian) police refused to help,\" said Ali.The enclaves are full of such stories of exploitation and injustice.Living in fear", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12000834", "title": "University may disaffiliate 2 colleges for not adhering to UGC norms", "text": "CHENNAI: The University of Madras has said it will disaffiliate two colleges in thecity if they do not meetthe norms prescribed by the University Grants Commission (UGC) before the next admission season. Members of the syndicate said the university would soon send notices to John Bosco College of Arts and Sciences in Tiruvallur and CSI Ewart Women's Christian College in Kancheepuram giving them timetillM arch 31 to meettheUGC requirementsto run acollege.\"These two colleges have the required infrastructure, but they do not have a qualified principal and the required number of teachers. If the colleges are unable to meet the norms in the given time, they will not be allowed to take in admissions in the next academic year,\" said university vice-chancellor GThiruvasagam.Acting on complaintsfrom students and parents, a three-member committee visited John Bosco and CSI Ewart College, made enquiries and submitted a report to the syndicate. By Januaryend, the syndicate recommended the disaffiliation of AA Arts and Science Collegein Koyembedu,JAArts and Science College in Mogappiar East and Poonga College of Arts and Science in Uthandi for failing to create the necessary infrastructure and required faculty over the last eight to 10 years. More than 90 students from two of the colleges have already been placed in nearby colleges, Thiruvasagam said. Poonga College had stopped admissions last year.\"Studentsjoin collegesbecausethey have faith in the university that these colleges are affiliatedto.After they gain admission, they find that the colleges have no library or lab facilities, no sports equipment and inadequate and underqualified faculty. The university has the responsibility of stopping such colleges from cheating students,\" Thiruvasagam said.Hesaidstudents and parentsshould make efforts to get first hand information about a college before gaining admission there. In order to ensure such episodes don't occur in the future, the university plans to launch a website that will soon spell out infrastructure and faculty details of colleges affiliated totheuniversity.The website will give the required number of faculty and the existing faculty andtheir qualificationswith photographfor each college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001612", "title": "CBI plea to quiz Srilakshmi rejected", "text": "HYDERABAD: The special CBI court on Wednesday dismissed the investigating agency's plea for questioning IAS officer Y Srilakshmi and former mines director VD Rajagopal in connection with the Jaganmohan Reddy disproportionate assets case saying that the memo submitted by it lacked clarity.The special CBI court concurred with objections raised by the defence counsels of the accused that the agency's memo was untenable.The court ruled that it cannot pass any orders in this regard as there was no provision in CrPC allowing interrogation of Srilakshmi and Rajagopal, the duo currently lodged at Chanchalguda jail in connection with the Obulapuram Mining Company scam. Special judge BNagamaruthi Sarma said that the memo filed by CBI was not clear as it did not mention the relevant provisions of law that would enable a probe agency to examine the accused in one case about their role in another.The CBI contented that it had found some files from the mines and geology department bearing signatures of Srilakshmi, the then secretary of industries and commerce. Rajagopal, CBI said, had processed the same to allot mines to cement companies that had allegedly invested in Jagan's businesses on a quid pro quo basis. The CBI counsel said that certain mines allotted to the cement companies by the duo were under scanner and hence the plea to quiz them.Meanwhile, the judge reserved his orders on the plea of OMC mining scam accused Gali Janardhan Reddy and BV Srinivas Reddy asking that their expensive cars and helicopter be released from court custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11999244", "title": "Three friends found dead in paddy field", "text": "KOLKATA: Three men were found murdered and their bodies dumped in a paddy field of three slain youths were found in a paddy field at Mathurapur's Lalpur in South 24-Parganas on Wednesday. The trio had gone missing since Tuesday night. The bodies bore severe injury marks all over. The brutal murder left Lalpur tense. Locals were furious over the murders. The bodies bore severe injuries all over.Police are clueless about the place of occurrence and motive behind the murder.Farmers spotted the bodies when they went to till the fields. The three men were identified as Yaar Ali, 42, Bahar Ali, 30 and Matin Khan, 26. The three were close friends . While Bahar's body was found lying beside a canal, the other two were found in the paddy field. Farmers who went to till the field on Wednesday found the bodies.The killings have left the locals both afraid and furious. Initially, the murders were suspected to be the outcome of political rivalry. However, Lalpur Trinamool gram panchayat pradhan Abdur Rezzak Haldar said the murders weren't political since the victims didn't have political leanings. Police have found that the three men had a criminal record.Lalpur's former CPM gram panchayat pradhan Salauddin Haldar also echoed Abdur Rezzak Haldar. \"We have not found any political link to the murders. Police suspect either personal enmity or a quarrel over booty led to the gruesome murders,\" said Salauddin.Police are also probing whether the three were murdered elsewhere and their bodies dumped there. They were spotted in the market and then in different houses on Tuesday evening after which they went missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11997922", "title": "Kerala fishermen killings: India leaves Italy probe to local cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite Italy expressing sorrow over the killing of two Indian fishermen and adopting what was described by Indian officials as a \"conciliatory'' tone, the diplomatic flare-up between the two countries continued on Thursday. To make matters worse, New Delhi refused to discuss the \"facts of the case'' with the visiting Italian deputy foreign minister Staffan De Mistura, saying that these could be established only by the local police.Asking Italy to facilitate probe into the killing of the two fishermen by Italian marines by allowing a thorough examination of the ship, India told the Italian delegation, led by De Mistura, that it would follow its own law in the case.The Indian delegation led by MoS foreign affairs Preneet Kaur cited Indian laws, including IPC Section 4 and CrPc 187 (power to issue warrant for offence committed beyond local jurisdiction), to claim extra-territorial jurisdiction. While De Mistura, who said he was here at the behest of Italian PM Mario Monti , did try to raise the issue of the location of the ship, India cut him short by saying that the location of the ship did not matter for carrying out trial on Indian soil and that, in any case, it should be determined through investigations.\"We will certainly go by our own law,'' said Kaur, after the meeting with De Mistura. \"As far as the law point is going, they have their interpretation and we have our interpretation. As of now, they are on Indian soil and the court will decide tomorrow what happens now,'' she added. She also assured the Italian minister that Indian judiciary was \"free and fair''.Government sources did appreciate the statement by Mistura that he had come here to express \"condolences and sorrow'' and his decision to go to Kochi to meet the victims. They interpreted it as admission of guilt by Italy which nullified reports in Italian media that the role of certain other ships, including Greek merchant vessel Olympic Flair, which were present in the same area when the incident took place needed to be looked into.According to Mistura, there was complete agreement between the two countries on three issues, including that the incident took place in international waters. However, India is yet to openly admit that the two fishermen were killed in international waters. Mistura added that investigations \"will ascertain the exact location''.Later, Indian officials said that Mistura may have been presumptuous in saying that India had admitted that the incident took place in international waters. \"It is significant that he went on to check himself by saying that investigations will determine the exact location,'' said a source.The other two issues on which the two countries agreed, he said, were that two Indian fishermen had been killed and that the truth must be brought out. \"We recognize that two Indians died and it is terribly sad,\" Mistura said. \"We are taking it seriously. We are definitely expressing terrible sadness and regret over the loss of lives,'' he added.\"I came because we wanted to continue dialogue, relation between a great country like India and our Italy... tragic incident needs to be analyzed properly,\" Mistura told reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11999403", "title": "Flash mobs - fun way to keep worries at bay", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was time to shake a leg for students of PU's chemical engineering department during a flash mob organized in Sector 17. The flash mob was choreographed by Abhishek Mishra, choreographer and owner of a dance academy in Chandigarh.The purpose says Abhishek is to enjoy, \"Through dance and flash mobs like this we want people to forget their worries and tensions for a while and enjoy the present movement,\" he said.Initially, students were nervous and excited at the same time. Later, after it ended they felt stress-free and expressed it through shouting and screaming slogans. \"It's a great way of channelizing one's energy and removing stress ,\" said Shuriti Desraj, a student of PU and participant of flash mob. \"This is our final year and we were going through a lot of stress, including exams and placements. But the flash mob helped us relax and release bottled up stress,\" said Shailesh Bansal, a student of PU and participant of flash mob.Explaining the purpose of such an event, Student Aayush Gupta, said, \"Purpose of flash mob is to communicate and get people from different culture and backgrounds together.\" Rishab Bharadwaj, a third year student, said, \"We were performing with our seniors. This was our last dance together and we wanted it to be special and memorable.\"\"Flash mobs help in distressing not only the people participating in it, but also those who are watch it\" said Varsha Ghayal, who is working as a counsellor.\"It energized and refreshed our minds and was great fun watching,\" said Arjun Verma, an onlooker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11999107", "title": "Dropout commits suicide in school", "text": "HOWRAH: A 16-year-old school dropout hanged himself in a school building in Howrah's Bankura area in the wee hours of Wednesday after being rebuked by his parents.Pulak Samanta broke a car windshield by mistake when he was with some friends on Tuesday evening. The owner complained to his parents who scolded him for being irresponsible.Some time later, Pulak slipped out of his home unnoticed. On Wednesday morning, the staff of a high school in Bankura found him hanging from the ceiling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11998759", "title": "India, Slovenia scientists collaborate to study Hepatitis E virus", "text": "JAIPUR: The scientists of India and Slovenia are working together to study how dangerous is the Hepatitis E virus (HEV) and how to diagnose it as its symptoms are quite similar to other liver ailments.It is a three-year collaborative research which started this month in a laboratory in Kaladera near Jaipur. The scientists will collect samples from across the country. The Indian and Slovenian governments have jointly funded the Indo-Slovenian Bilateral Exchange Programme of Cooperation in Science and Technology.In the study, the experts are making use of swine liver, as swine is the reservoir of the virus.\"We will study the response of the virus to the host's intestinal epithelium,\" said Dr B K Sharma, associate professor and head of department of Zoology who has been selected for the research along with R L Saharia from Gove PG College, Kaladera.HEV is endemic and usually transmitted by contaminated food or water. HEV is prevalent in places where hygiene standards are poor. It is particularly dangerous for pregnant women, where mortality can reach 25%. Sharma and Saharia are working with Dr Avrelija Cencic, who is professor of medicine at the University of Maribor in Slovenia. Dr Tomaz Langerholc and Eneko Madorran, members of Cencic's laboratory crew, visited the Jaipur laboratory on Wednesday. Langerholc said, \"You cannot develop medicine, if you don't know the virus. In developing countries, the cases of Hepatitis E virus are over 70%. The etymology of the disease is widely unknown and the virus itself as well.\"The research is likely to throw significant light on the epidemiology, transmission, prevention and vaccine development for HEV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001952", "title": "Sonu Sood turns 25!", "text": "When you think of Sonu Sood, you automatically think of him as a Bollywood actor in south India.But ironically, the actor seems to have acted in more south Indian films as compared to Hindi ones.The actor, who was in the city recently to shoot for his latest Telugu flick with Allu Arjun, says, \"I have acted in nearly 25 films in the three south Indian languages. These are more than the ones I've done up north! I guess I've touched upon a landmark number.\"Sonu, though, adds that it did take time for people to accept him as an actor here. \"I still remember how I felt when I did my first film, which was incidentally in Tamil. Most of the actors, including Vijaykanth, were very supportive. The fans here are very possessive and sentimental about their actors. It took a couple of years, but now, I can say that people in south India have begun to accept me as an actor,\" says the Osthe villain!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12002792", "title": "Boundaries sealed during polling but no traffic restriction in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: With city going on polls on Thursday, the district administration has sealed the boundaries of the city 24 hours in advance.On Thursday, the voters spread over 10 assembly constituencies, would get an opportunity to cast their votes. It is in this regard that the city boundaries have been sealed. A total of 24 barriers have been placed at the city borders and appropriate force has been deployed. On Thursday no vehicle would be allowed to cross the city territory. If any vehicle would be given permission, then its proper checking would be done.However, the city traffic would move unperturbed within the district. The city people would get complete chance to move around in the city without any restriction. Senior police officials have instructed the junior officials not to hold back people moving out, until strictly necessary.Meanwhile, the district has been divided into 33 zones in view of the security arrangements and each zone would be supervised by a zonal magistrate. Also the zonal police officials will remain on duty on Thursday. The 10 assembly constituencies have been divided into 160 sectors. In each sector an official of a rank of sector magistrate and sub-inspector would remain on duty. Each sector has some 7 to 10 polling centres. The district election machinery has identified 130 polling booths as sensitive.In every assembly segment there are 36 cluster mobiles comprising a sub-inspector and three to four police constables. Every police station would have extra force of two Quick Response Teams each. This QRT would be equipped with the anti-riot arms to take care of any eventuality.Meanwhile, the shops and the commercial establishments would remain closed on Thursday till the polling time between 7 am to 5 pm. The liquor shops will also remain closed. The movie halls have also been instructed by the district administration to remain closed and to run shows only after 5 pm.The Kanpur Zoo will also remain closed due to election in the district. Director, Kanpur Zoo, K Praveen Rao informed that the Kanpur Zoological Garden will be closed due to election and will re-open on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12003843", "title": "NU academic council meet to discuss important issues", "text": "NAGPUR: The academic council of Nagpur University (NU) will be meeting on Thursday at its historic convocation hall to discuss various important issues, like filling up vacant seats, allotment of incentive marks and others. The council last met on January 11 but wound up within 10 minutes without discussing any major issue.Former head of NU's pharmacy department Pramod Yeole said that he will be putting forward a proposal to change the existing name of the department of medicine to department of pharmaceutical science. \"Since the state government has included it under Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS), the department of medicine is not in existence now. So, I will be proposing that the name of the faculty should be changed to department of pharmaceutical science,\" he told TOI.He further said that the issue of vacant seats in this department will also be raised. \"The university has been approved the admission of 56 students, but it admits only 26. Rest of the seats have remained empty since 12 years and it's a complete loss for students,\" said Yeole. He added that a fixed number of seats should be available college-wise for PhD course. \"This restriction will ensure that each student gets proper attention,\" he pointed out.A discussion will also take place regarding the allotment of incentive marks to the students who excel in 'Avishkar', a state-level competition held every year. \"It is equally important as for other cultural and sports activities also students are given incentive marks,\" said Yeole.The courses of MBA and law are available only in English due to which many students who are not well-acquainted with the language face severe hardships. So, the provision of these courses in Marathi as per the directives of state government will also be discussed in the meeting.BoxBoard catches 13 copycats in Hindi paperNagpur: Around 13 students from six districts, under the Nagpur region were caught by the state board officials while indulging in malpractices during HSC Hindi examination on Wednesday. Of them, seven were caught in Chandrapur district, while four were caught in Gadchiroli. One student each was caught in Bhandara and Nagpur centre. Surprisingly, no case of copying came to the fore in Wardha and Gondia. However, board sources stated that over 20 students were caught using unfair means till filing of this report. As it takes time for the centres to dispatch their data, the final figures can only be out by Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11997470", "title": "Student gets extra time after he was caught by ticket collector", "text": "MUMBAI: The state board helpline received around 100 calls on Wednesday. While most were made by students to enquire about their exam centres or missing hall tickets, three sought help as they were delayed and were worried about reaching their centres on time.\"A student whose centre was Hume High School and Junior College in Byculla was travelling ticketless to his centre and was caught. This delayed him, so we immediately called the centre coordinator and told them to allow him extra time to complete his paper,\" said an official from the board helpline.Another student travelling from Ghatkopar to her centre in Wadala called the helpline at 10:20am.She reached her exam centre about five minutes late, but was allowed to appear for the examination after board officials spoke to the centre's coordinator.\"We are taking all necessary steps to ensure that students don't miss out on appearing for their papers. Even if they get a little late to their centre, we make arrangements for them,\" said divisional board secretary Ravindra Bhise.Cheating cases on day 2Aurangabad - 57; Nashik - 51; Nagpur - 13; Pune - 4; Kolhapur - 1; Amravati - 0; Latur - 0; Konkan - 0; Mumbai - 0TOTAL - 126", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12002837", "title": "First-time voters keen to hear EVMs beep", "text": "KANPUR: With Kanpur going to polls on Thursday, voters in the age group of 18 to 25 years are excited about exercising their franchise for the first time. TOI spoke to some first-time voters of the city to know about the criteria they would employ to choose their representative.Faizal Khan, a student of mass communication (II year), said, \"We youngsters are aware of our rights and duties. Voting is the basic duty of every citizen and I will surely do my duty.\" He added he would cast his vote after assessing the merits of all candidates contesting from his area.He said that many good candidates are also contesting as independents. Shipra Bassi, a BTech 1st year student, said that youths can change the country's future and it's the time they must do this. Neha Gupta, an undergraduate student, said she would follow the instructions of her father while casting her vote.Explaining the reason, Neha said, \"I am not aware of political matters and issues, but voting is important and every eligible person should vote, so I will surely vote.\" A batch of young biotech engineers, while expressing disappointment over the quality of candidates contesting the election, said they would use 'Rule-49 O' or right to reject voting instead of electing any candidate from the list. Harshit Gautam, one among the batch of biotech engineering students, said, \"Everybody is corrupt and this time, the corruption is so deep-rooted that it's difficult to find out the candidate who is less corrupt. Hence, I and my friends have decided to opt for 'Rule-49 O'.\"The students added that several promises were made to resolve chaotic vehicular traffic, to increase frequency of buses and promote segregation of domestic garbage but all have remained unfulfilled in the last five years. Anuj, a first-time voter, said, \"Erratic water and electricity supply are major issues in the city which must be resolved immediately.\"While several youths showed seriousness about casting vote, there were many who said they would just vote to fulfill their childhood fantasies. Sakshi, a first-time voter who is pursuing graduation, gave an interesting reason to go out and vote. She said, \"Since childhood, I wanted to see how an EVM looks like, and this time, I will get to see it on February 23.\"There were some youngsters who will go to the polling booth and cast vote only to see how long the voting ink mark stays on their finger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bellary", "code": "12002085", "title": "Drought looms large over Bellary, CM promises Rs 2cr", "text": "BELLARY: In the wake of a drought-like situation looming large over Bellary, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda has agreed to release Rs 2 crore to help the people of the district tide over the crisis. The money will be used for digging borewells and for minor drinking water projects. The announcement came after Deputy Commissioner Amlan Aditya Biswas apprised the chief minister of various relief measures taken up in the district through video conferencing facility on Wednesday. Biswas informed the CM that the district administration has taken up work of Rs 2.44 crore as part of drought relief while the zilla panchayat has spent Rs 80 lakh on borewells. He also said that task forces have been constituted in all taluks to look into these issues and on their recommendation, the administration will repair or drill new tube wells and also take measures to supply drinking water through tankers.Mercury has already crossed the 40 mark in the district which witnesses severe drinking water and power shortage almost every summer. This year, rains have failed miserably and all the seven taluks have already been declared drought-hit. There is some respite for people in Siraguppa, Hospet and Bellary taluks where water is being supplied from nearby Tungabhadra reservoir. But, western taluks of Hagaribommanahalli, Hadagali, Kudligi and Sandur are reeling under acute shortage of water. Bellary zilla panchayat CEO Manjunath Nayak told TOI that the district administration is working on war footing to help the people tide over the crisis. The administration has set aside Rs 3.5 crore from the drought relief fund for drinking water projects, he said. A total of 79 villages have been identified as prone to severe water crisis during summer. The district administration has plans to establish control rooms at taluk and hobli levels to monitor water supply and bring in a system where in, within 48 hours of complaints, any repair or replacement will be carried out. The control rooms will also look into other drought relief measures taken up in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11999514", "title": "New research supports traditional cropping patterns in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a yet-to-be published study, which is all set to challenge some well-established facts or 'myths' about Punjab's agriculture and ecology, its author and economist H S Shergill has made a strong case for continuing with the rice-wheat cropping pattern for Punjab.\"It's a myth that this cropping pattern is harmful for Punjab or its farmers, rather this is the only combination which has ensured increase in yield as well as actual returns for farmers. We have strong evidence to prove that this has not harmed soil fertility nor is the resultant fall in water level such an issue which cannot be rectified with some strong policy action,\" Shergill, a former economics don from Panjab University and member of the Institute for Development and Communication (IDC) told TOI.The research called \"Strategy for sustainable expansion of foodgrains production in Punjab\" challenges several established facts which are forwarded by those who advocate crop diversification for Punjab. Both, the Punjab Farmers Commission (PFC) and known economist and former agriculture price commission member, S S Johl's report on crop diversification have repeatedly held rice-wheat rotation as the bane of Punjab's ecology and the reason behind the crisis in agriculture. Noted farm activist Vandana Shiva has also held the state's agriculture patterns responsible for the farm crisis in Punjab.\"I know this study would be ruffling many feathers, that is why I have backed my findings with solid evidence,\" said Shergill.Why rice-wheat crop-pattern is good for Punjab and its farmers* Return per hectare from rice-wheat cropping system has consistently remained higher than all the other crops available to Punjab farmers over the last two decades.*Return from rice has doubled, while from wheat it has more than doubled in the past two decades.*Wheat and rice yield has steadily grown over two decades. And there is scope for further expansion of its production.*With Food Security Act expected soon, it's best for Punjab farmers to let the state continue as the food bowl of the country by growing food grains instead of diversifying into other crops.Startling findings*Soil fertility not impacted at all by rice-wheat monoculture. Rather, it has improved by 38% over the last three decades.*Fall in water level has not adversely impacted sustainability of tubewell irrigation, only cost of pumping water has gone up.Recommendations*More area can be brought under the two crops in the coming years.*Cultivation of crops that are not competitive vis-a-vis rice-wheat cropping system should be stopped. Farmers growing sugarcane, maize etc should shift to rice and wheat*Stop free power supply to tubewells. Build more canals and dismantle brick lining of canals and water channels to enhance ground water recharging.*Legally ban rice-wheat straw burning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12001976", "title": "Plan for Doppler radar at airport faces headwind", "text": "CHENNAI: The India Meteorological Department's plan to install a Doppler radar exclusively for aviation purposes near the Chennai airport is being delayed by bureaucratic red tape, officialssay.The radar istohelp the aerodrome meteorological office monitor low-level windshear and other weather patterns and issue a comprehensiveweather reportto airlines.It was proposed to be installed on the slopes of the Tirusulam hills to monitor the wind pattern along the glide path of aircraft coming in to land. Whilethe governmenthas expressed interest in the project, the lower-level bureaucracy is allegedly dragging its feet to allot 1,500 sq m of land. And, tired of the delays, the met department has concluded that the projectwill not take off.Initially, there was confusion on who owned the land on theslopesof thehills-thestate or the defence authorities. For some time, the Kancheepuram district administration maintained it was defence land.After it was proved to be state government land, meteorological department officials held discussions with Tambaram taluk office officials. The jurisdiction of the land was transferred to the newly formed Alandur taluk office when revenue boundaries were redrawn before the assembly electionsin May 2011.Then, aerodrome meteorological office director R Suresh says, staff at the Tambaram taluk took their time in transferring files and documents to the Alandur taluk office, while those in the newoffice are yet to proceedon the proposal.Suresh is, however, optimistic. \"We will pursue the issue with the government. The radar willbeusefulfor aviation because low-level winds hear is high atthe airport. Several studies have been done about wind patternusing theexisting radar atop the Port Trust building. We'll be able to study the weather pattern better if the new radar is installed near the airport,\" he said.Data from a Doppler radar atop the Chennai Port Trust office building is currently being used by the airport. The new radar was supposed to replace the existing 10-year-old Doppler radar. Weather radar with a range of 150 km can be used for 17-18 years. The city will need a new radar in the nextfive years.Windshear is a genericterm referring to rapidly changing wind currents. A weather phenomenon called \"microbursts \" can produce extremely strong windshear, posing great danger to aircraft during takeoff and landing. Because of lack of information on wind pattern, pilots may beforcedto makespeed corrections during landing, resulting in sudden loss of airspeed and altitude.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002344", "title": "Rana Daggubati shoots in Malaysia", "text": "Young Hunk Rana Daggubati is currently in Malaysia to complete the last and final song of the movie 'Naa Ishtam'.The song will be the hero's introduction number in the film and shooting will be complete with this. Genelia is the heroine in this movie and the film is gearing up for release on March 23rd.Prakash Tholeti has directed this movie and Paruchuri Kireeti is the producer. Chakri has scored the music and the audio album is expected to be out soon. The movie is a romantic comedy entertainer and Rana says that this will be his first 100% commercial offering.Source: 123telugu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "jind", "code": "11999240", "title": "Religious sentiments behind mosque blasts: Cops", "text": "Jind: One of the five youths arrested recently by Patiala police, and who were instrumental in triggering blasts in Muslim dominated areas in some Haryana towns, had been inclined towards gau sewa from childhood.Jind SP Ashok Kumar said that prime accused, Sagar, had attended a function in Mewat in 2005 where the problem of cow smuggling and slaughter was highlighted. He spent some time in a gaushala in Mewat. This stay probably encouraged him to arrange the blasts. \"We are trying to find out details of the place from where they (the five accused) got the explosives,\" he added.While admitting that religious sentiments relating to cows encouraged a group of youths from Jind village to carry out blasts in mosques, the police ruled out involvement of any local gaushala or any saffron organization in the bombings that took place at Jind and Safidon town in 2009 and 2010.Punjab police had arrested five persons in Patiala a few days ago, who reportedly confessed to have planted bombs in mosques in Jind and Mewat towns of Haryana.Kumar said the accused were working for protection of cows in the region. \"The youths told interrogators that they had executed the bombings to create panic among the Muslims, who indulged in cow slaughter but never wanted to harm anybody.\" The five accused were identified as Sagar alias Azad, Rajesh Kumar, Shyam Niwas, Pravin Kumar and Gurnam Singh, all residents of Jind village.Investigating officer in Safidon blast case, Gurdial Singh, said two of the five youths - Sagar alias Azad and Rajesh Kumar - have been brought on three-day transit remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12001619", "title": "Pakistan home interiors, textiles on display", "text": "LUDHIANA: City residents are in for a Pakistani treat as the Indo Pak expo will commence in the city from Thursday, which will showcase products like home interiors, textiles, electronics, gem stones, handicrafts, marble, garments, women sandals and food articles.About 250 traders from Pakistan will be coming to the city for B2B and B2C purpose. Regional director of the PHD Chamber of Commerce, Dalip Sharma said 110 stalls will be put up at a hotel on Bharatnagar Chowk. He said 60 exhibitors will be from Pakistan and 40 from various parts of India. About 8 stalls will be of city exhibitors. It's for the first time that PHD Chamber is organizing this expo in city and hopes that residents will make the most out of it. Convener of Rawalpindi Chamber of Commerce and Industry said Ludhiana is the industrial hub and that's why they are here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12002203", "title": "Cooperative bank strike today in city", "text": "CHENNAI: Some of their demands include concrete measures to contain price rise, employment protection toworkers,strict enforcement of all labour laws, a stop on banking sector reforms and outsourcing of permanent jobs. Employees working in state apex cooperative banks,state agriculture and rural development banks, district central cooperative banks, primary agriculture and rural development banks, industrial cooperative banks, urban cooperative banks and the primary agriculture cooperative societies will participate in the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "tirupur", "code": "11999400", "title": "Senior police official says they are severely under-staffed", "text": "TIRUPUR: Given that the jewellery shop that was burgled in Tirupur was just opposite a police station, there is some public speculation that police are slack about performing their duties. However, senior police officials say that they are spread too thin, and are clearly short on personnel.Their official duties include intelligence gathering, maintenance of law and order, crime investigations, passport verification and providing security for VIPs. The Tirupur sub division of the department covers the entire city with a permanent population of 8.4 lakh and a floating population of 4 lakh. There are only 330 policemen to service this entire population. This works out to one policeman per 3758 persons. This is hardly sufficient security for the banks and ATMs in the region. Thus, a senior police official advised banks to use private guards to secure their premises.With policemen involved in night patrol and vehicle checks, it becomes impossible to man the entire area. \"We are in urgent need of additional staff. Only if we get additional resources will we be able to perform our duties. The state government should appoint more officers,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001874", "title": "Two brothers from city die in Oman", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two brothers from the city -- Mohammad Akhtar Ali and Mohammad Asghar Ali -- who died in an accidental gas cylinder explosion in Mabela, Oman, recently, were laid to rest in the Old City on Wednesday.According to their relatives both the brothers, residents of Kishan Bagh near Zoological Park, shared a room. On February 15 one of them turned on the cylinder to light it for cooking without realizing that it was leaking. The cylinder exploded killing Akhtar on the spot. Asghar was rushed to a hospital where he battled for life for four days before passing away on February 19.The friends said that Asghar was the younger of the two and had married recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12003910", "title": "Deer rescued in Nari succumbs to injuries", "text": "NAGPUR: The full-grown deer, which was rescued from Nalanda Nagar in Nari area of the city on Tuesday afternoon, succumbed to injuries on Wednesday.The deer, a male claimed to be around four years of age, was injured after being chased by stray dogs. In a bid to save itself it entered the MSEDCL office at Nalanda Nagar in Nari area. Forest officials don't know from where the deer strayed in the densely populated area.Alert residents informed the forest officials who arrived late at the site. Amid delayed rescue efforts, the badly injured deer was trapped and brought to 'Deer Park' at Seminary Hills post treatment at veterinary clinic near Alankar Talkies.On Wednesday, around 9 am, when the forest staff checked, it had died. The post-mortem was performed at the Nagpur Veterinary College, Seminary Hills. The animal was buried at the 'Deer Park' in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "etah", "code": "12000143", "title": "Battle of eves in patriarchy\u2019s den", "text": "ETAH: Four women have lit up the contest in the OBC heartland of Etah where gun and men held sway for decades , putting to question the future of patriarchy in its den.Sanghmitra Maurya is a qualified MBBS doctor, while Vasu Yadav is a graduate young girl. Nashi Khan, whose mother Zeenat is in contest, is a final year law student. And, BJP's Mithlesh Kumari, widow of former MLA, is in the fray in reserved Jalesar. The battle of fair sex in Aliganj and Patiyali has subdued the volatility that traditionally ruled elections here. Sanghmitra waves away concerns that her Aliganj rival from Samajwadi Party Rameshwar Yadav has a history. ''People made him bahubali and they will put an end to him,\" she says, in soft Hindi that contrasts heavily with trademark guttural version associated with western-central UP. If BSP's doctor appears nonchalant, so is Congress's Vasu Yadav in Patiyali. But then, people say, these are 'daughters of their father' . Sanghmitra's father Swami Prasad Maurya is a close Mayawati aide and state BSP chief , while Vasu's father is a resourceful Devendra Singh, one-time Mulayam Singh confidant.The 'virasat' may appear to blemish the narrative of rise of women power but not many are ready to ignore the indications that it could metamorphose into a trend. ''I think people feel women can do a job better than men,\" proffers Sanghmitra as an explanation.The social landscape across Etah, Patiyali, Aliganj, Kasganj, Jalesar, Kasganj , but for motor vehicles and whisky brands, seems stuck in earlier times. The verdant fields, blessed by waters of Ganga-Jamuna , sit at odds with men with glacial stares and twirled moustaches , beneficiaries of 24,000 licenced 'jewels' . The society seems made for men, women docile supporters, either in burkha or pallu. ''Bhaiyya, bandook ki nok pe le lo jo lena hai, mukadmebaaji nahin,\" said a young Yadav, himself victim of landgrab.It is here these women strike a big chance, even if part of local dynasties. Maurya, with a bawling infant in her lap, is no case of poll-time para-trooping from clinic to battlefield. She was blooded into politics in 2010 panchayat elections when she was an intern in Pratapgarh district hospital and boastfully claims to have won Zila Parishad by ''record margin of 16,500 votes\" . Vasu too has come through the first rung of rural ladder, being a 'block pramukh' of Soron, been a 'pradhan' earlier.A local observer, having watched big names fire over the years, was optimistic , ''If such established names bequeath political capital to girls, it is not long before others follow suit.\" In the Samajwadi camp, Nashi insists ''You talk to me, I manage everything for my mother Zeenat.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12002826", "title": "BJP wants to change face of port city", "text": "VASCO: Anwar Manipadi, spokesperson of the BJP in Karnataka, while releasing the party's manifesto for Vasco, said that the party wants to change the face of the port city. Addressing the media, he said, \"Whatever we have promised in any corner of India, we have fulfilled. This is what the BJP is all about. The ruling party is spreading rumors about BJP's 'minorities' stance, but we have always taken everyone into consideration keeping aside their caste, creed and religion,\" he added.Carlos Almeida's manifesto speaks about health initiatives, garbage , coal pollution, infrastructure (especially traffic management), water supply, dilipidated markets, power supply, sewage, public toilets (especially in slums), swimming pools and sports facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11999007", "title": "Poet's birth centenary celebrations kick off in city", "text": "KOLKATA: Poet, novelist, short-story writer, journalist, critic, travelogue writer and freedom fighter - Sachidananda Vatsayan Agyeya donned many hats. It is extremely difficult to describe Sachidananda Vatsayan Agyeya in a few words. Probably his penname Ajneya that stands for 'beyond comprehension' suits him the best.This gifted and respected writer had an association with Santiniketan and it was probably apt that his birth centenary was celebrated by the Prabha Khaitan Foundation in Kolkata on Wednesday, a year after the world celebrated Rabindranath Tagore's 150th birth anniversary. the 150th birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore.\"He received his spiritual inspiration in Kolkata. There is something about Kolkata that makes it a cultural capital. Agyeya wrote of his life's experiences with a revolutionary mindset. His writings relate to the intricate relationship between literature and politics. He believed that poetry has a link with politics. He showed the world that patriotic poetry can be different,\" said Vice- President Hamid Ansari , who was in Kolkata to inaugurate the celebrations.Governor M K Narayanan appreciated the efforts of the Prabha Khaitan Foundation that organized the programme in collaboration with the Sahitya Akademi and The Raza Foundation. \"It is apt that the celebrations are being held in Kolkata,\" he said.Among the others who were present at the occasion were Ashok Vajpeyi, executive trustee of the Raza Foundation, noted author and Sahitya Akademi president Sunil Gangopadhyay, Kedarnath Singh and Om Thanvi. The book Apne Apne Agyeya, edited by Thanvi, was released on the occasion by Ansari.\"I had the good fortune to meet Agyeya. I was amazed when he spoke to me in chaste Bangla. It was then that I came to know that he had spent a lot of time in Bengal,\" Gangopadhyay said.During the programme, noted film and theatre artiste Soumitra Chatterjee recited a Bangla translation of one of Agyeya's poems. So did Arpita Chatterjee. Actress Rituparna Sengupta recited one of his poems translated into English.Agyeya was one of the prominent exponents of the Navi Kavita movement in modern Hindi literature and received the Sahitya Akademi Award in 1964 and the Jnanpith in 1978.He was the founder editor of the well-known newsweekly Dinman of The Times of India Group. When members of the Bhookhi Peerhi movement were arrested, Agyeya relentlessly supported the young literary group of Kolkata till they were exonerated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12004313", "title": "No one-crore item number for Sunny Leone", "text": "The aspirant confirms that she hasn't signed any item number yet and is concentrating only on her debut film right now...Sunny Leone, who made her presence felt in the TV reality show Bigg Boss, is surprised by the current buzz about her item song. Sunny who'll make her Bolywood debut soon denied the buzz about her item song.\"I have no idea where people get their information from. I am only working on Jism 2 the movie and nothing else,\" Said Sunny reacting on the news of her doing an item number. It was reported that the actress was offered one crore for the same!It is believed that Sunny Leone has signed a contract with the Bhatts and according to that she can't do any films with any other production house. Sunny confirmed that the first time her fans will ever see her on the big screen will be in Jism 2.Jism goes on floors in April 1 but before that Sunny is off for a mini vacation to Italy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12002445", "title": "96L children given polio drops", "text": "PUNE: Total 96.42 lakh children below the age of five have been immunised in the state during the polio immunisation drive that started on Sunday.\"As against the targeted immunisation of 1.19 crore children, we have given doses to 96.42 lakh children in Maharashtra. Health staff of 2.9 lakh personnel was deployed to achieve the target,\" said V M Kulkarni, assistant director of state health services and in-charge of the immunisation programme.The health department has set up 80,690 booths across the state to immunize children on the first day of the drive. Since Monday, there has been a door-to-door visit for children whose parents could not take them to the booths to get the oral drops.The collated collective figures of children immunised in the state so far in the last four days shows that about 90% targeted population in rural parts has been given the oral doses.In Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad the coverage is 85% and 84% respectively, Kulkarni said. The immunisation coverage in Mumbai is 66% so far, he added.Among other prominent cities, Nagpur's rural area has immunised 92% children and 84% in city area. The coverage is 92% in rural parts of Aurangabad and 79% in urban area. \"The door-to-door immunisation drive will continue till Friday in the city area and in rural parts of the state it will end on Thursday,\" Kulkarni said.The Union government last year sent an emergency preparedness and strategy plan to all the states and union territories (UT) to eradicate polio in the country. The step came in the wake of the nation's first and only case of wild poliovirus (WPV 1) reported in February last year in Howrah district in West Bengal.\"The plan is a big push to break the last links in the transmission of wild poliovirus and protect India's polio-free areas. Maharashtra, which has high-risk pockets in Mumbai, Thane, Malegaon, Raigad and Bhiwandi, has already begun the groundwork,\" said a health official.In 2010, five cases of wild poliovirus were detected in Maharashtra. Of them, four were in Malegaon and one in Beed. Except the Howrah case, no case has been reported from anywhere else so far.The countrywide polio eradication initiative recorded 42 polio cases in 2010 as compared to 741 in 2009.As long as wild poliovirus transmission continues in any part of the country or the world, the possibilities of virus transportation into polio-free area remains a concern.All states and union territories have been told that every wild poliovirus case in the country should be treated as a public health emergency and high-quality mop-ups should be conducted urgently in neighbouring areas after its detection, said Pradeep Haldar, assistant commissioner (immunisation ),Union ministry of health and family welfare, in a letter to the principal secretaries of all states and union territories.The state government has constituted a committee under the health secretary to monitor the high-risk areas and keep a close watch to rule out import of the virus in polio-free areas of the state.The committee comprises director of state health services, additional director of state family welfare bureau, Pune, state immunization officer, officials from WHO, Unicef and Rotary Club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001506", "title": "Gas power units threaten closure", "text": "HYDERABAD: Private gas-based power companies have threatened to shut down their units in the state unless adequate gas supplies are maintained to them. With Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) further reducing gas supplies from KG basin, power companies have complained that their machines are getting damaged from being forced to run below optimum capacity.\"Gas power turbines are manufactured to run at 100% capacity. But, since we are running at only 50% capacity, some of the tubes in the machines are getting burnt. We have brought the issue to the notice of AP Transco and distribution companies but there has been no response,\" a senior official with a power company said on the condition of anonymity. Lanco Power, Spectrum, GVK power, GMR power and Konaseema units are running at 50-55% of capacity, producing at only half their daily capacity.The total gas-based power capacity in the state is 3,037 MW but, with supplies from the RIL KG basin dipping below 50%, these units are producing only about 1,500-1,550 MW daily.Rubbing salt in their wounds of these power generators is the proposal that they shift to re-gasified liquefied natural gas (RLNG) which has more calorific value than the gas supplied by RIL. \"Frequent changes in the input material, too, is harmful for the machines as they are only meant to run on natural gas. But the huge shortage of gas is forcing us to shift to other high- calorific value gases and that certainly harms the generators,\" said sources.RIL has successively reduced gas supply from the KG basin D6 well from 55 msmd to 45 msmd this month. The RIL was to produce at least 65 msmd to meet the demands of power and fertilizer units across the east coast but that has not happened.Bowing to the pressure from all quarters, RIL has finally agreed to supply RLNG to some of the gas-based units in the state. Till January, RIL maintained it would not take up RLNG supply as it was reducing pipeline pressure. It was only after Transco CMD Ajay Jain took up the matter with RIL authorities that the company agreed to supply RLNG through its pipeline. \"The pressure problem has been sorted out with RIL. The company has agreed to supply RLNG to some private units in the state,\" Jain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998421", "title": "BPO employee fails engineering exam, slashes throat", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 23-year-old call centre employee tried to commit suicide by slitting his throat with a knife on Wednesday. A resident of RK Puram in south Delhi, the youth claimed he was taking the extreme step after failing to clear his second semester engineering exam. However, cops haven't ruled out the possibility of it being induced by a failed love affair.The incident occurred at Sector-7, Dwarka. \"He was speaking to himself and behaving in a disoriented manner, which attracted curiosity of passersby. He first tried to drown himself by jumping into a water body, but failed as water was shallow. Then his slit his throat. Passersby intervened and rushed him to a hospital nearby. He is critical,\" said an officer, adding that he has been booked under IPC Section 309.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001204", "title": "Treasure hunt may shake Birla Mandir's foundation", "text": "HYDERABAD: After four days of a much enthused excavation and geophysical survey in search of a rather elusive treasure, Birla Temple now fears that it's standing on shaky ground. Located atop Naubat Pahad which holds the foundation of the temple, the digging has now irked the temple authorities who on Wednesday expressed their concern to state archaeology department officials asking them to give an assurance that the rock formation on which the temple stands will not be affected by any activity including a sanctioned excavation.The Birla Mandir authorities told TOI that they wrote to their head office, Hindustan Charity Trust, Kolkata two days back, informing them about the recent developments.The temple authorities said they were worried about the temple foundation developing cracks if further digging were to happen. Anticipating a long drawnout survey followed by further excavation at the foot of the hill, the temple authorities said that they were worried about the safety of thousands of devotees who visit the temple everyday. \"Even if one rock is moved, the whole rock cluster will get affected. As temple authorities, we should be told what the survey might lead to and whether the government would take up further excavation at the foot of the hill,\" said an official from Birla Temple. The state archaeology department has dug up the foot of the hill in search of a treasure trove.Authorities further noted that Birla Mandir was a modern temple and it is very unlikely that it would have any treasure lying underneath like in the case of Padmanabha Swami temple in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala.But the archaeology department already seems worried about its tall treasure claims. Working backwards, it has now asked for ancient maps of the locality from the AP State Archives and Research Institute, something which experts say should have been sought before the digging started. And although indulging in a rather frenzied treasure hunt, P Chenna Reddy, director, state archaeology department termed the whole exercise just an \"exploration\" which need not yield any result. \"We undertake such explorations time and again. It is all in the interest of archaeological findings,\" said Reddy.The officials have also decided to rope in more bodies in the treasure hunt. Apart from National Mineral Development Corporation (NMDC) that conducted a geophysical survey of the land for the second day on Wednesday to locate the \"tunnel\", officials decided to call two national agencies, National Remote Sensing Agency (NRSA) and National Geophysical Research Institute (NGRI) to come to its rescue", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12002126", "title": "Today is the last day for registering in voters\u2019 list", "text": "MANGALORE: If you are 18 as on January 1, 2012, and want to make your vote count this time, but have been lazy in registering your name in the electoral voters list, February 23 is the date to watch out for. Those who have not registered their names can do so using form 6.Udupi deputy commissioner and district electoral officer MT Reju told The Times of India that voter's registration is a continuous and ongoing process and those who have not registered can do so on Thursday.The revised electoral rolls will be published on February 29.Reju said they had conducted electoral revision as late as on January 25, hence the addition to total voters' list should not be more than 10 or 15.As of now, there are 12,45,266 voters in the Udupi-Chikmagalur Parliamentary constituency including 6,38,519 female and 6,06,747 male voters. Women outnumber men in the whole constituency. The four assembly segments of Udupi district that will go to the polls are Kundapur,Udupi, Kaup and Karkala and that in Chickamagalur district are Sringeri, Mudigere, Chikmagalur and Tarikere. From the 2009 polls to the upcoming poll, the addition of voters in the parliamentary constituency is 42,146 of which 19,693 are female voters and 22,453 are male voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12001574", "title": "High on luxuries, low on taxes", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ludhianvis love luxury and they love to flaunt cars, but when it comes to paying water, sewerage and house tax dues, they lag behind. Even in posh areas like Sarabha Nagar, Model Town, Dugri, Gurdev Nagar, Kitchlu Nagar and Tagore Nagar, people have not been gracious enough to pay their dues, and this is despite the announcement of tax waiver. In the D zone of municipal corporation (MC), Rs 31.57 crore are to be recovered from water and sewerage charges and Rs 5.86 crore through house tax. In total, MC authorities are to recover Rs 99 crore from water and sewerage dues and Rs 24 crore from house tax.According to MC officials, they are imposing water and sewerage charges on the residential as well as commercial areas above 125 square yards and house tax is being recovered for commercial use of the property. The city has been divided into four zones for recovery of dues. From zone A, the recoverable amount is Rs 6.88 crore through house tax and Rs 29.26 crore through water and sewerage charges while from zone B, the amount is Rs 6.95 crore and Rs 18 crore, from zone C, it is Rs 4.68 crore and Rs 20.20 crore and from zone D, the pending recovery is Rs 5.86 crore and Rs 31.57 crore respectively.MC commissioner M S Jaggi said, \"It is the duty of residents to clear their dues but unfortunately people don't bother. Our employees are going to residential and commercial areas for recovering dues.\" He said MC will spend the recovered amount on developing the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998249", "title": "2G scam: Ruia honchos, two others fail to appear for hearing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Corporate honchos Ravi Ruia and Anshuman Ruia along with co-accused I P Khaitan and Kiran Khaitan failed to appear before the Special 2G court again on Wednesday. Now, the matter has been listed for March 17.The lawyers for Ravi Ruia and Anshuman Ruia informed the special CBI judge O P Saini since their clients were abroad, they should be exempted from personal appearance. The lawyers for the two other accused - I P Khaitan and Kiran Khaitan - also moved an application for exemption on health grounds.When the CBI did not oppose, the court granted exemption to all four persons for Wednesday's hearing and directed them to appear in person on March 17. Senior advocate Mukul Rohatagi said that since all the four accused were abroad in connection with their business, they should be granted exemption from Wednesday's hearing.\"Considering the submission made by the defence counsels, all four accused are granted exemption for today, subject to the condition that their advocates shall remain present in the court and participate in the court proceedings,\" said judge Saini.Rohtagi also argued that the offence under which they are booked can only be tried by a magistrate's court. \"The case against us is not a case under the Prevention of Corruption Act and, moreover, we have challenged the administrative order of the Delhi High Court by which this court was constituted to hear the 2G case.\" The court had issued summons to Ravi Ruia, Anshuman Ruia, I P Khaitan and Kiran Khaitan on January 27.The third set of charges filed by the CBI in the 2G case alleged that the Essar Group used Loop as a front to acquire telecom licences in 2008. Essar, which had a 33% stake in Vodafone, held substantial equity in Loop and violated telecom licence norms, the chargesheet said.Vikas Saraf of the Essar Group appeared in court and moved his bail plea that the court has listed for March 17. The court has asked the prosecution to file its reply on the bail application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12002236", "title": "Kanchi woman\u2019s death brings to light tale of impersonation", "text": "CHENNAI: Confusion prevailed at the Kancheepuram government hospital on Tuesday over the identity of a 21-year-old woman whodiedof burns.Police said the deceased, who had called herself Gomathi, sustained burn injuries a few days ago while cooking at home and died at the government hospital on Tuesday. When the girl's mother went to the hospital,she was told by the staff there that Gomathi had died. She corrected them saying that it was Mahalakshmi who had died and that Gomathi was her second daughter's name. Even the hospital authorities were baffled. The deceased's husband too was shocked as he had believed she was Gomathi.Thebody could notbehanded over to the family for some time as the hospital authorities insisted on a proof. Police then began investigations to find outwhy she had to impersonate her own sister. They went to the place where she worked and scanned her files from the HR department.They found that Mahalakshmi, who had not completed her class 10, decided to impersonate her sister Gomathi, who had completedher class 10,in order to get a job. After landing a job in privatecompany,sheel oped with a colleague and got married, policesaid.They foundthattheeducational certificates furnished by Mahalakshmi to the company were those of her sister Gomathi.Finally, police obtained a statement that the deceased was indeed Mahalakshmi from her mother and handedover the body to the family for the last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "poriem", "code": "12003487", "title": "Can senior Rane retain his fiefdom?", "text": "PORIEM: Six-time chief minister and present speaker of the Goa legislative assembly Pratapsingh Raoji Rane may have been the longest-serving MLA in Indian politics and have emerged victorious in Poriem constituency from 1972 till 2007, but the BJP's fielding of Vishwajeet Krishnarao Rane this time, may make it tough for the speaker to retain his fiefdom.At first, it appeared that Pratapsingh Rane would maintain his stronghold of Poriem by a thumping majority thanks to the impetus provided by his son and health minister Vishwajit through a quota of government jobs, donations to religious shrines, youth clubs, mahila mandals and self-help groups. However, in stepped Vishwajeet Krishnarao Rane from Saleli and changed the equation.At corner meetings conducted by the senior Rane, his supporters have dared to take him to task over his failure in solving the land ownership problem. They brought to his notice how they have become victims of the mokaso (the title of land ownership which the Rane families in Sattari and Bicholim enjoy since the Portuguese rule) and even after the award of sanads as tenants they cannot mortgage their land and practise advanced agricultural methods. The aggrieved farmers also complained about how wild animals are damaging their agricultural and horticultural crops has become commonplace and they wanting to erect a solar fence was also not heading anywhere as the departments concerned were not providing them with the subsidy and other facilities as their title of land ownership was not clear in forms I and XIV.A shaken Pratapsingh Rane has for the first time, been conducting corner meetings and assuring farmers from Poriem that he would take the necessary steps to eradicate anomalies in the mokaso issue and to sort out the various other problems being faced by them if they elect him to power.As per the new arrangement, Bhironda from Valpoi constituency where former MLA Venkatesh Desai enjoyed a large share of votes has been added to Poriem constituency along with Pissurlem, Mauxi, Dongurlim-Thane, Keri, Honda and Poriem village panchayats, and Desai has extended his support to Vishwajeet K Rane, who is confident that youth voters will ensure a change this time, by casting their votes.Pratapsingh Rane, born in 1939, has been active in Goa's political scenario since 1972, when he got elected as on the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) ticket and was the law minister. He then left the MGP and joined the Indian National Congress (INC), left the Congress and contested on the Devraj Urs Congress. After emerging victorious, he joined the INC yet again.He became the chief minister of Goa after the Congress' first ever win in the state in 1980, mainly as a consensus candidate after a bitter battle for the CM's title between two heavyweight politicians Wilfred D'Souza and Anant Nayak. In 1972 and 1977, he won against the sitting MLA, late Jaisingrao Venkatrao Rane of the Praja Socialist Party and during successive elections, struggled and won against the late Bhai Tendulkar and Vasudev Sadekar of the MGP.In 1989 he secured 57.99% of the votes, in 1994 he got 50.93% of votes against Krishnarao Rane of MGP, in 1999 he took 52.93% of votes against Santoba Desai of MGP and Dipaji Rane of BJP.In 2002 he emerged successful against BJP's Santoba Desai by securing 55.78% of votes. In 2007, fighting against Vasudev Parab of the BJP, his share of votes only increased. Parab managed to get 6,869 votes as against Rane's 10,605.Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12004010", "title": "Akshay Kumar gears up to play gangster", "text": "Akshay has done many action films at the beginning of his career but has never played a gangster. All set to do so for the first time, the actor is preparing himself by watching gangster movies.Akshay is excited about playing a gangster in his forthcoming film, the sequel of Milan Luthria's super hit film Once Upon A Time In Mumbai. We heard the actor has started his preparations too, for this.It can be recalled that Ajay who played a gangster in OUATIM received a lot of praise for his performance. Akshay doesn't want to leave any stone unturned to prepare for his charcter, and has lately been watching a lot of Bollywood and Hollywood gangster movies.The actor is keen on getting his body language right for his role. He is also going out of his way to read books on the same lines lent to him by Milan. The film is in its pre-production stage.It is interesting to note that the actor is taking so much effort to get into the skin of his character. Let's hope this delivery by him is power-packed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002903", "title": "Arjun Bijlani goes Bindass!", "text": "Remember the good-looking and charming Arjun Bijlani of 'Miley Jab Hum Tum' and 'Left right left' fame?The talented actor who stole a million hearts is soon going to be seen as a VJ on UTV Bindass.From being a well known face on television soaps, to a VJ on UTV Bindass, the dashing Arjun will don a variety of roles on the channel as a VJ, like hosting shows and being part of the various initiatives of the channel.To begin with Arjun will be seen hosting a soon to be launched reality show titled Road Diaries on Bindass. Speaking about his shift from television soaps to being a VJ, Arjun, says, \"I am glad to be chosen as the face of India's premiere youth entertainment channel. While 'Miley jab Hum Tum' made me a household name, hosting shows on UTV Bindass will be a new feat for me all together where my fans will see me a new avatar- as ME. I am looking forward to this new experience and hope the audience continues to love me and my work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "falta (south 24-parganas)", "code": "11999225", "title": "One held for student's gang rape in Falta", "text": "FALTA (SOUTH 24-PARGANAS): One person was arrested on Tuesday in connection with the alleged gang rape of a 17-year-old girl from Sujagolpur in Falta on January 12. The accused, Gopal Khan, was produced in Diamond Harbour ACJM court on Wednesday and remanded in judicial custody. A hunt is on for the four others accused in the case.The girl was abducted from the Sao-Palta bus stand by five local youths on the evening of January 12. She was confined in a dark room and allegedly raped repeatedly over the next 10 days until she managed to escape. Over a month after the rape, the victim's father lodged a complaint on February 17, after the traumatized girl broke down and spoke of her ordeal to her family.Apart from psychological trauma, the victim suffered serious physical injury and psychological trauma besides experiencing the horror of confinement in a dark room for 10 days, is recuperating at Diamond Harbour Hospital.Khan, one of those accused in the gang rape of a 17-year-old girl at Sujagolpur in Falta on January 12, was arrested on Tuesday. and remanded in judicial custody by the Diamond Harbour ACJM court on Wednesday.The girl was abducted, confined in a dark room and gang-raped by five youths who were later identified as her neighbours.Over a month after the rape, the victim's father lodged a complaint after the traumatized girl broke down and spoke of her ordeal to her family. Apart from psychological trauma, the victim who has suffered serious physical injury and psychological trauma besides experiencing the horror of confinement in a dark room for 10 days, is recuperating at Diamond Harbour Hospital.According to the complaint lodged with Mathurapur police, she was waiting for a bus when a middle-aged woman told her that her father was standing only yards away and asked the girl to follow her. The victim followed her to a parked car into which she was pushed. She found some youths from her locality in it who promised to take her to her coaching class. But soon she realized that they were taking her elsewhere. Though she raised an alarm, no one came to her rescue. She was then locked up in a dark room of a house in an unfamiliar place.Over the next 10 days, the girl was allegedly raped repeatedly by some youths. She was given some food and water. After 10 days, she somehow managed to escape, but was not in the right mental state to trace her way back home, police said. Fortunately, a police patrol van spotted her at Sahorar Haat on January 22. She did manage to tell them her address and police took her home. Earlier, her father Jalal Mullick had lodged a missing complaint with Falta police.Her parents found her too shattered to insist that she speak about what she had undergone. She was so ill that she had to be hospitalized. Much later, during a chat with her parents, she broke down and told them of the inhuman humiliation and torture she had undergone. It was then that her parents filed a rape complaint at Falta police station on February 17.The victim was also able to identify all her tormentors - Monohar Khan, Sattar Khan, Gopal Khan, Laltu Sk and Raju Sk. The accused are aged between 19 and 24. While police arrested Gopal Khan on Tuesday, the others have gone into hiding since January 22. The victim also told police that there were two women in the gang who used to lure young girls into the trap. Police are probing whether the gang has committed such a crime on other women too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12001527", "title": "City spared, 5 armed gangsters arrested", "text": "LUDHIANA: A tip off, which led to the arrest, on Monday, of five armed gangsters, has possibly saved a lot of heartburns and trauma for Ludhianvis, as the gang was planning to commit burglaries in the city.Those nabbed included kingpin of Pandit group, Ajay Sharma alias Ajay Pandit of Ludhiana and kingpin of Neela group, Jatinder Kumar alias Neela Kabadia of Moga. Along with them police have arrested Simarnpreet Singh alias Simar, resident of Guru Arjan Dev Nagar, Harjeet Singh alias Soni and Aman Gaba alias Chintu of Moga. Before a rifle of .315 bore, a country made pistol and 11 live cartridges were seized from the accused, they had opened fire at the police, which had retaliated. The gang members were traveling in a SUV, which one of the accused claimed belonged to him. Additional deputy commissioner of police Manjeet Singh Dhesi told media persons here on Wednesday that a check post was set up at Chander Nagar area to intercept the gangsters. However, instead of halting they opened fire and speeded up. The police pursued them and managed to catch them when their car dashed against a wall. Dhesi said that Ajay Pandit has a number of police cases registered against him including that of attempt to murder, loot and extortion.Pandit was known as bookie king and he was also involved in the loot of Rs 1.25 lakh from Cheema Chowk in 2011 on the eve of Diwali. Jatinder Kumar is a proclaimed offender in a case registered in Moga and 11 criminal cases, including murder, are registered against him.Jatinder had killed a person, Kaku, in 2008 in Moga, Dhesi said. Dhesi said that they would also be checking out if the gangsters had anything to do with the murder case of DSP Balraj Singh Gill and Monika Kapila on on February 1 at a farm house here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11997662", "title": "HC orders Mumbai Congress chief's assets attached", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Wednesday directed the city police commissioner to register an FIR against senior Congress leader Kripashankar Singh for \" criminal misconduct\" under the Prevention of Corruption Act and ordered the attachment of his and his immediate family's movable and immovable properties worth crores. The court order came as a major blow for Singh who was already reeling from the recent civic poll debacle. He put in his papers as chief of the Mumbai Regional Congress Committee soon after the announcement of the judgment. It was accepted.The court passed the order while hearing a 2010 public interest litigation (PIL) which alleged that Singh and his family have amassed disproportionate assets worth hundreds of crores of rupees. The HC directed that the PIL's memo be treated a first information report. It also appointed Mumbai police chief Arup Patnaik to personally investigate the criminal case against Singh, his wife Malti Devi, son Narendra Kumar Singh, daughter-in-law Ankita Singh, daughter Sunita Singh and son-in-law Vijay Pratap Singh. It demanded that a report be filed by April 19 before any further action is taken.The high court also ordered the attachment of about 15 properties estimated to be worth Rs 320 crore owned by Singh's family. Several of these are in Mumbai's prime areas. Among them are a 5,000-sq-ft bungalow worth Rs 40 crore on Bandra's Carter Road and a 2,000-sq-ft flat in Hiranandani Garden in Powai, and a 250-acre plot in Ratnagiri. According to the petition, the Singhs also possess a dozen cars, including four BMWs.For its verdict, the HC treated an Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) report, which listed the Singh family's assets, dated March 30, 2011 as complete.In its stinging order, a bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi Patnaik asked the police \"to collect evidence about all movable and immovable properties owned by the Singhs, including flats, shops, bungalow, agricultural land, office premises, cars, bank and trading accounts and calculate the amount of disproportion from the FIR and ACB's March 30 report\". The judges said that all of Singh family's assets-excluding bank accounts-be seized and attached. \"Most of the bank accounts have already been completely washed out ,\" observed the judges. The court directed the police to obtain legal sanction for prosecuting the Congress leader.The judgment ran into 39 pages and was in response to a PIL filed by RTI activist Sanjay Tiwari. During the hearings, the petitioner's lawyers Mahesh Jethmalani and Mihir Desai took the HC through a number of allegations of \"ill-gotten wealth\" against Singh, a public servant since 1994. They demanded a thorough inquiry by the ACB, Income Tax department and the Enforcement Directorate. The lawyers alleged that Singh, who hails from a humble background, amassed wealth rapidly and so did his wife, daughter and son, the last of whom trained to be a pilot but quit his job. The wife and daughter, they said, have no regular source of income.The judgment slammed Singh's argument that he exchanged several lakhs of rupees with his son and that he purchased and sold the same car with no documentary evidence. The HC said Singh's explanation, which has been accepted by the ACB, is wholly unacceptable. His acquisition of flats, cash, agricultural land, gold jewellery are testimony to support the petition of his ill-gotten wealth, the court said. The HC rejected Singh's request for a stay of its judgment to enable him to appeal.Also significantly, the court said, \"The conclusion of the ACB about disproportion in its July 7, 2011 report is wholly rejected.\" This is a setback for Singh as it was this second ACB report that informed the HC of there being inadequate material to register an FIR against Singh. The Congress leader though his counsel Mukul Rohtagi had sought dismissal of the PIL arguing that once the ACB concluded that there was not enough evidence, the court could not go into merits of the PIL and that doing so would exceed the court's authority.Singh argued that the petitioner could file a private complaint before a magistrate if he so wished. But the court dismissed all of Singh's arguments and said it \"could easily prima facie conclude that a cognisable offence is disclosed\". However, it said it did '\"not propose to go through the elaborate ACB report and to collate entries relating to income and assets of each Singh family member named\". \"This exercise,\" the court said, \"would certainly have to be undertaken, on the overall view of extensive assets of Singh, his wife, son, daughter and son-and-daughter-in-law by the investigating agency under the PCA and the Prevention of Money Laundering Act.\" The court however, mentioned that it gave direction only to register an FIR under the PCA and \"no direction on other allegations made by the petitioner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "tripunithura", "code": "12002822", "title": "Samaveda scholar Nellikkaattu Narayanan Namboothiri passes away", "text": "TRIPUNITHURA: Nellikkaattu Maamannu Narayanan Namboothiri (99), a renowned Samaveda scholar, died here at Lakshmi Thoppu Palace, his wife's house, on Wednesday.Narayanan Namboothiri was the senior most member of the Nellikkaattu Maamannu Mana in Panjal, near Shorannur. This house has witnessed three Sagnichithya Athiraathram, a rare Vedic ritual. The ritual was conducted in 1901, 1918 and 1956. Three successive generations of Narayanan's family, his grandfather, father and elder brother, and their wives were the major players (yajamanan and yajamana pathni) at these rituals. It may be a coincidence that the death of this Samaveda scholar occurred just two days after the demise of Prof Frits Stall, a foreigner who learnt the basics of Sama Veda at the Nellikkaattu Maamannu Mana. It was Prof Stall who initiated the Athiraathram at Panjal in 1975 as part of reviving Vedic knowledge. The 99-year-old Narayanan Namboothiri was affected by Alzheimer's and often had difficulty in identifying his relatives, including his wife and daughters. However, he could chant hymns from any chapter of the Sama Veda if he was requested to do so. \"Till just some time before his death, my father used to chant Sama Veda hymns whenever I tried to feed him,\" said Sathya Thampuran, his younger daughter. \"He hardly recognized who I was. But he chanted those hymns without any error.\"Narayanan Namboothiri is survived by Easwari Thampuran, son Raghunandanan Thampuran and daughters Gangadevi Thampuran and Sathya Thampuran. He was cremated at the crematorium of the erstwhile Kochi royal family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002136", "title": "I have a lot of creative enerygy: Shobana", "text": "She's a choreographer, an actor, a dancer and a teacher, all rolled into one and that's because the extremely talented Shobana wants to be surrounded by creativity always. \"I'm a person who needs to keep working in a creative chakra all the time. That's what provides me with energy,\" she says.Shobana's always on the lookout for some new pursuit, some project to channelise her creative energies. And so - Krishna - a multimedia dance ballet, that's been directed and choreographed by Shobana herself. She will also be enacting the central role of Krishna in it.Ask her why she chose Lord Krishna as her subject and she says. \"For Krishna to be such an international icon, so to speak, means there are various perspectives on him,\" says Shobana. \"Saints, philosophers and historians have their own take on him. While reading about their perspectives, a story took form in my mind and that's how Krishna happened.\" Krishna is the tale of the man, his philosophy and why he is still above man's understanding. With great enthusiasm Shobana informs us that Krishna will also touch upon some of the lesser known stories from the epic Mahabharata. From Vrindavan to Mathura to Kurukshetra; all three will be depicted on one canvas. \"It is not just dance or drama, it is an amalgamation of both. There are not just Bharatnatyam dances, but classical, folk and film songs as well. It is Indian art form at its best and Krishna is for anyone who wants to be entertained in an aesthetic manner,\" she adds.The ballet, which has Sound Design by Oscar award winner Resul Pookutty, is also special for Shobana as a number of celebrated actors like Shabana Azmi, Konkona SenSharma, Radhika, Nandita Das, Prabhu, Milind Soman as well as Surya have lent their voices to it. \"I asked my film friends to see if they wanted to experiment with something new and it was overwhelming how so many of them agreed. Shabanji immediately said yes, so did Konkona. Resul was the first one to join us. The beautiful aspect of the ballet is that I get to work with such beautiful minds. To see them grab onto any aspect of the art form to better themselves, was for me, the high point. Like I said earlier, I'm a person with a lot of creative energy and there couldn't have been better motivation than this!\" she smiles.Krishna will see amateur dancers performing alongside Shobana. \"It's an all girls' act. I'm bringing 23 young girls to Mumbai for the show, including my two-yearold, who struts on the stage and gets applauded for it,\" she laughs. Shobana appreciates the dedication and hard work of the girls. \"They have spent 15-16 years of their life learning these art forms and not only do they have to dance, but act and emote as well,\" she adds.With 250 films to her credit, Shobana says that it's a conscious decision on her part not to do many films now. \"I look at scripts all the time, but it's just that I'm much happier with these solo efforts of mine, unlike films that are collaborative effort,\" she says. \"But I would love to work with some really good minds, learn and have some fun at the same time.\" She is currently working in the 3D-animation film Kochadaiyaan, directed by Rajinikanth's daughter Soundarya, where she will be seen in animated form. \"I found it really interesting as it's an animation and I'm getting to learn something new. Also I wanted to see my child say 'Ma, you're a cartoon!'Krishna will be performed at Nehru Centre Auditorium, Worli at 7.15 pm today evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12003132", "title": "Sriprakash Jaiswal's remarks on possibility of President rule in UP spark row", "text": "KANPUR: Union Minister Sriprakash Jaiswal today said if Congress fails to get a majority in the Uttar Pradesh Assembly polls, it sees a possibility of President's rule, a statement that came under attack from rivals, forcing him to go for damage control.\"If Congress gets majority then it will form the government... In case we don't get clear majority we sit in the opposition and I see no alternative but governor's rule,\" the Union coal minister told reporters here after casting his vote.The Congress leader said \"those who lack confidence are looking for alliance....Congress will not forge any alliance.\"But shortly later after reaching New Delhi, he appeared to retract, saying his statement was \"twisted\" by reporters.\"...the reality is that we will form a government with clear majority in UP and nobody can stop it from happening,\" Jaiswal said.He claimed that some scribes had asked him about constitutional provisions in case no party is able to form government.\"I told them what is mentioned in the Constitution. That is, in such a case President's rule is imposed,\" he explained.He claimed that even if Congress fails to get complete majority, it will be invited to form the government by the Governor as being the single largest party. \"Independents and smaller parties will themselves extend support if we fall short of 10 or 5 seats,\" he said.But his statement evoked sharp response from the BJP whose leader Uma Bharati said it was \"undemocratic and a threat to the voters\".\"On the threat that they would impose President's rule, I appeal to the electorate not to poll in favour of Congress as the party is not understanding the importance of their votes,\" she said in Charkhari, from where she is contesting.Bharati said such a statement was \"undemocratic and was not an announcement, but a threat.\"It is indicative of feudal mindset. Congress does not believe in democracy that is why they are saying this,\" she alleged.Jaiswal said the 15 per cent \"extra votes\" cast during various phases of polling were in favour of Congress and Rahul Gandhi.\"Youth have come out to poll as they have seen the rule of other parties in the last 22 years...Rahul is attracting voters,\" he said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12000877", "title": "James and Javed Ali to perform in Mumbai", "text": "He's the Urban Bard, while the other is one of the most melodious voices to have permeated the Hindi music industry in recent times.James - the prolific singer from Bangladesh who gave us gems like Bheegi Bheegi Si from Gangster and Alvida from Life... In a Metro - and Javed Ali - the voice behind Jashn-E-Bahaaraan from Jodhaa Akbar and Ek Din Teri Rahon Me from Naqaab - will come together on stage for the very first time in Mumbai this Sunday as a part of Maitree Bandhan - a Times of India initiative towards promoting Indo-Bangladesh friendship. \"I'm really honoured to be part of something that has such good intentions. Agar aapsi sambandh acche honge, toh dono taraf faayda hoga,\" believes Javed. James too, is of the opinion that this is the need of the hour. \"It's good that initiatives of this kind are being taken. Cultural exchange is needed between the two countries,\" he says. Complimentary invites are available on a first-come-first-serve basis from The Times of India building, Fort or Trade Avenue, Suren Road, Andheri (E) from 10 am to 5 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12002806", "title": "OPDs to function as usual on polling day in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: The out-patient departments (OPDs) of all hospitals would function as usual on Thursday, the polling day in the city. According to Election Commission (EC) officials, this has been done for the convenience of patients who will come from interior parts of the district for treatment.An official said that this time, the EC has decided to give the denizens a curfew-free polling day. The EC has also asked the private hospitals to run their OPDs as usual, but this is not mandatory for them.\"It has been observed in the past few years that the patients are the worst sufferers on election day as they were not able to get proper and timely medical treatment,\" added the official. It's important to mention here even the emergencies of all the hospitals will run as usual on February 23. Also, the OPD timing of the district hospitals is from 10 am to 2 pm.The voting will start at 7 am and end at 5 pm. Interestingly, the members of Medical Store Association of Swaroop Nagar have opted for an interesting way to encourage people to go out and vote. As many as 15 medical stores outside or around Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital have decided to give heavy discounts to those who will show the voting ink on their finger. People can avail this discount even after a week of election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12000919", "title": "UP elections: Polling starts on dull note in fifth phase", "text": "LUCKNOW: Polling for the fifth phase of UP assembly elections covering 49 seats spread over 13 district, including Bundelkhand region, started on a dull note with only 9.88 per cent votes being cast in the first two hours.Polling started at 7am amidst tight security arrangements and 9.88 per cent votes were cast in the first two hours of voting, Chief Electoral Officer of UP Umesh Sinha said here.Maximum 13.5 per cent votes were polled in Mainpuri, followed by 13.33 per cent in Etah district.Minimum 8 per cent polling was registered in Hamirpur and Etawah districts.Fate of 829 candidates, including that of Leader of Opposition in the state assembly Shivpal Singh Yadav, BJP leader Uma Bharati and former UP chief minister Kalyan Singh would be decided by more than 1.56 crore electorate.Polling is underway in Firozabad, Kanshiram Nagar, Etah, Mainpuri, Etawah, Auraiya, Ramabainagar, Kanpur, Jalaun, Jhansi, Lalitpur, Hamirpur and Mahoba districts.The polling is being held at 17,267 polling stations at 11,745 centres. While 2,104 stations have been identified as sensitive, 2,256 have been marked as hyper-sensitive.To check any irregularity at polling stations, 981 video cameras and 2,100 digital cameras have been installed, Sinha said.The fifth phase would cover assembly seats in backward Bundelkhand region, bastions of SP and former chief minister Kalyan Singh.In this phase, Shivpal Singh Yadav is seeking re-election from Jaswantnagar seat in Etawah district.Fate of firebrand leader Uma Bharati, who is making her debut in UP electoral politics, would be put to test from Charkhari seat in Mahoba district.Charisma and political strength of former UP chief minister Kalyan Singh would also be tested in this phase when elections would be held in his stronghold of Etah.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001282", "title": "WHO team meets city cops", "text": "HYDERABAD: A World Health Organization (WHO) team, supervising the Global Road Safety Project (GRSP), on Wednesday arrived in the city to take stock of the enforcement against drunken driving by the traffic police.The team got feedback from the traffic police about the drive against drunken driving. The WHO team also discussed about expanding the special drive to outskirts of the city and were keen on implementation of the seat belt rule for four-wheeler drivers and helmet rule for two-wheeler riders across the state, additional commissioner of police C V Anand said.Krishnanagar - a poor neighbour in posh localityHYDERABAD: Having as neighbours, the most well-maintained and elite areas of the city, may not necessarily add to a locality's advantage, as is evident in the case of Krishnanagar and Indiranagar colonies. The two neighbourhoods, close to the posh Jubilee Hills, are plagued with civic issues.These areas, home to aspiring movie artists, film industry workers and migrants, are perennially battling issues ranging from piling garbage and overflowing drains to precariously dangling high-tension electric wires.Abid Ali, owner of a commercial establishment in Indiranagar, rued that his business was getting affected by the garbage dump across from his shop with the waste spilling onto and blocking the road. \"The stink emanating from the dump is unbearable and equally bad is the mosquito menace that it has created. These things turn away customers and we suffer losses,\" he said, adding that the situation takes a turn for the worse during monsoons. Ali complained that innumerable complaints with authorities had come been of no avail and the problem continues unaddressed. The situation is more grim on the Indiranagar main road. Here, an overflowing drain poses a grave danger for motorists.Residents complained of how the unhygienic conditions have been leading to health problems. \"We have slowly started getting immune to the conditions here. Authorities do not respond at all or respond only to inform us that the area is unplanned,\" says another resident. Residents of a bylane in Krishnanagar, opposite the Kotla Vijayabhasker Reddy indoor stadium, said that there have even been instances of sewage waste getting mixed with the drinking water. Here, the appeal lay with the water board, but their pleas fell on deaf ears, the residents lamented.The authorities, however, insist that civic functions in these two localities were being properly attended to.\"New water lines have been laid recently in the area. So, there would not be any problem from now on. The previous problems were rectified as and when we received complaints,\" said TV Satyanarayana, manager, division six of the Hyderabad water board.K Venkateshwar Reddy, an assistant circle 10 GHMC medical officer of health, blamed the garbage clearance issue to a staff by some municipal staff adding that the crisis would be soon resolved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11998193", "title": "Bihar universities don't submit budget on time to govt", "text": "PATNA: Even as ad hocism rules the roost in the universities of Bihar, the varsities appear to be least bothered about improving their fiscal condition. Almost all the universities indulge in the exercise of formulating their annual budgets every year, but these budget estimates are never submitted to the government in time for their inclusion in the state budget.The annual budget of Patna University (PU) for the next financial year (2012-13) is likely to be approved by the Senate at its meeting scheduled for Saturday. But, the annual budget of the state government would be placed before the state legislature on Friday itself. Needless to say, PU budget estimates passed by the Senate would hardly get any notice of the government.Director, higher education , Sitaram Singh said that the government has directed all the universities to submit their duly approved annual budgets latest by December 12, 2011, so that they may be incorporated in the state budget. But, unfortunately, not a single university could send its budget to the HRD department by that date. The budget estimates of L N Mithila, B N Mandal and KSD Sanskrit universities were received by the education department on February 17. Singh admitted that due to delay in submission of their budget estimates on time, the universities are given ad-hoc grants for their sustenance. This naturally results in delayed payment of salaries to the teachers and non-teaching staff of the universities, he added.Academics feel that the entire exercise of budget approval by the Senate has become an entirely farcical exercise as the budget estimates are not taken into account by the government while the state budget is prepared. Government officials, who happen to be the ex-officio members of the Senate, seldom attend the meeting.Meanwhile, preparations are afoot to hold the next annual meeting of PU Senate on Saturday. Besides approving the Rs 325 crore deficit budget, the Senate will also elect the representatives of teachers and non-teaching staff to the Syndicate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "udupi", "code": "12002416", "title": "Fishermen demand action against assault", "text": "UDUPI: The Deep Sea Boat Fishermen's Association members held a protest in Malpe on Wednesday demanding the state government take action with regard to the alleged assault on them by fishermen off Maharashtra's Ratnagiri coast. They asked the government to take up the matter with the Maharashtra government. They also alleged that deep sea fishing boats from Malpe were being targeted by purse seine boats operating near Ratnagiri coast in Maharashtra for the past one week. The modus operandi was to rob them of their catch, equipment and other materials after deliberate collision at high seas.In a memorandum submitted to the Udupi deputy commissioner, fishermen stated that they were fishing within the stipulated distance from the Ratnagiri coast. Malpe fishermen's boats, Jala Deeksha, Jala Raksha, Sukanya, Rajdeep, Durga Devi and others were attacked by Ratnagiri purse seine boats bearing names Al Naveed, Multanian, S Abbas, Marian Amir and other boats.BJP district president Uday Kumar Shetty condemned the incidents of assault and called for united protest against the incident and for action against the miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998305", "title": "Terror trio tapped bright minds, wooed them with jihad call", "text": "NEW DELHI: Interrogation of IM ideologue Kafeel Ahmed has revealed that terror 'motivators', including Tariq and Bashir Hussain alias Talha had travelled across the country to woo the best minds into the terror fold. \"It was Talha who first met the techie, Mansoor Asghar Peerbhoy, in Pune and motivated him to join the Indian Mujahideen,\" said a senior police officer.Talha brainwashed Peerbhoy with talk of global repression of Muslims. At that time, Peerbhoy was taking lessons in Arabic at Pune's Quran Foundation. Talha indoctrinated the techie by giving examples of oppression from across the globe .The trio of Kafeel, Talha and Tariq were in touch with Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh after the Batla House encounter. The men had recruited over two-dozen men and tapped young minds at Cheetah camp, Trombay, Khandua in Pune and Azamgarh before turning their attention to Darbhanga. The trio had been active through their madarsa network at Darbhanga and Madhubani since 2003,\" said a police officer.Kafeel, who provided shelter to Bhatkal, had devised a unique plan to meet his boss. \"Shahrukh met them at different hideouts on the pretext of collecting medicines from Darbhanga and Patna every five weeks,\" said an officer. Ashok Chand, DCP (crime), said besides brainwashing young men, the trio would arrange for safe hideouts for recruits, the ground work being done by Kafeel himself.The trio will be questioned at length to ascertain what security agencies have been suspecting for long - the ransom money paid to IM founder Asif Reza Khan to free Khadim owner Partha Roy Burman was sent through Lashkar's hawala channels to reach Mohammad Atta for 9/11 training. Going by early leads, sources in Intelligence Bureau and state security agencies say IM may have established more than seven sleeper cells in north Bihar. \"We have information that IM has set up base at Mirganj, Araria and Sitamarhi, in addition to Madhubani and Darbhanga. Often, the conduits lured youths with hawala money from across the border. They were also shown videos of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars, with which India has no connection,\" a source said.Sources told TOI the first leads on north Bihar's terror link came in 2005 with the arrest of two Lashkar operatives. Terror outfits like Lashkar, Harkat-ul-jihad-al-Islami and Hizbul Mujahideen are known to scout religious places and educational institutions in Champaran, Darbhanga, Madhubani, Muzaffarpur, Saharsa and Purnea districts for recruits. Several local youths are allegedly working for ISI as couriers of arms, ammunition and money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001676", "title": "Aadesh Choudhary quits smoking", "text": "Actor Aadesh Choudhary is a quitter! And we mean it in a nice way. He has kicked the smoking habit.He tells us why. I realised I had zero stamina while shooting fight scenes in my show - I would be short of breath within minutes of a shot. When I joined the gym I just couldn't do the treadmill for more than a few minutes at a time. That was a wake up call was for me. I knew I had to follow a healthier lifestyle and diet,\" says Aadesh. Coping with withdrawal symptoms wasn't easy, but where there's a will, there is a way. \"I stopped smoking last year around August but cheated once or twice after that. But in the last four months, I have not touched cigarettes. I am working hard on my body now,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001451", "title": "BJP to go it alone in upcoming bypolls", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has decided to go it alone in the upcoming bypolls after severing ties with K Chandrasekhar Rao's Telangana Rashtra Samithi in what is being seen as a bid to cash in on the success of its recently-concluded Poru yatra in the Telangana region. The party has decided to field Yennem Srinivas Reddy from Mahbubnagar and is also looking to contest the Kovur Assembly seat.The BJP was bargaining for two Assembly seats out of the six bypoll-bound constituencies in the Telangana region but is understood to have parted ways with ally TRS after being snubbed by it. The party, which is a member of the Telangana political JAC, is reportedly upset with TRS's decision to announce candidates for all the seats.Sources said that the BJP's main worry is that it could be accused of effecting a split in the pro-Telangana vote but not joining the fray might mean that it has missed a political opportunity. The issue was discussed at a core committee meeting of the party on Tuesday.\"We are yet to decide on contesting the remaining five seats in the Telangana region,\" state general secretary N Ramachandra Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12003000", "title": "Nobody visited Santa Cruz woman", "text": "MUMBAI: The neighbours of Sharda Kasabkar, the elderly woman found dead in her Santa Cruz flat, said they rarely saw her. \"After Devidas (Sharda's companion) died last year, no one visited Sharda,\" a building guard said, adding that Sharda would rarely step out of the house. \"Every few days, she would come down early morning to purchase bread and milk. She would survive on that. But she spoke to no one, and usually locked herself up in the flat.\"A source employed with the housing society for decades told TOI that Sharda was a recluse and did not encourage visitors. \"In his will, Devidas had left everything to Sharda. Most of his relatives , too, had distanced themselves from him because of Sharda. No one would visit her and she too never entertained any of us; which could explain why the neighbours were not alerted to the tragedy earlier,\" he said. Another building employee, too, confirmed that the neighbours were wary of knocking on her door because of her brusque manner.While police often request neighbours to help and check in on the elderly living in their buildings, most people are reluctant as seniors-especially those living alone-tend to undergo personality and behavioural changes.Sharda's reclusive behaviour, they said, was not an exception.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001181", "title": "100 crore loss for K-Town!", "text": "The standoff between producers and workers has taken a toll on the Tamil film industry.It was on January 23 that Kollywoo d came to a standstill due to the wage issue between the Tamil Film Producers' Council and the Federation of Film Employees' Federation of South India (FEFSI). Exactly a month later, talks are still going on between producers and FEFSI with both sides claiming that resolution is in sight. TFPC president S A Chandrasekhar informs that discussions between the two sides are going on smoothly in the presence of the representatives of the state labour commission. \"They are dealing with things neutrally and are ensuring that the opinions of both sides are given equal consideration. I'm confident that everything will be sorted out in the next two days,\" he says, adding that it wouldn't be fair to reveal the terms of the discussion at this point.He also clarifies that that the industry has not totally come to a standstill. \"Shooting has been going on in the case of some films in which the workers have accepted to go by the producer's terms and conditions,\" he says. Some filmmakers, who had planned their films as bilinguals or trilinguals, like Kamal Haasan and his Viswaroopam, are shooting the other versions of their films in the meantime.Meanwhile, this 'month of no shoots' also means losses, monetary and manpower-wise, for the industry. Shoot or no shoot, the producers will have to pay interests for the money borrowed for their films. So, big film producers will face considerable losses. Moreover, thanks to this 'unofficial strike', call sheets of artists and technicians will have to be reworked and this rescheduling is bound to be a nightmare for production units. And, finally, release plans of most films that are under production will go for a toss and the delayed release might only mean additional losses for the producers.SAC admits that the issue has resulted in losses for the industry but adds, \"We have to lose something to gain something. This issue is going to regulate the industry and that is a positive in the long run.\"NO SHOWS TODAY! The Tamil film industry, responding to the call for a one-day strike by the Film Federation of India (FFI), will be shutting down today protesting the Central Government's proposal to levy service tax. \"For the first time, the entire Indian film industry will be on strike. No film production will take place and there will be no shows in theatres across the state on Thursday,\" representative of various film bodies announced at a joint press meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12001398", "title": "Newly-wed couple killed in accident", "text": "LUDHIANA: The wedding celebrations in the house of Ranjit Singh were not even over yet when the tragic news of the death of his only son, Amandeep Singh, 23, and daughter-in-law, Jyoti Verma, 21, shook them. The newly married couple was killed in a road accident near Daba Lohara Bridge on Wednesday evening. Amandeep's motorcycle was hit by an unknown vehicle killing both of them on the spot.The deceased couple had got married 10 days ago and were returning from a gurdwara after seeking blessings. Amandeep and Jyoti were residents of Daba colony. Amandeep was an accountant by profession. Investigating officer Mohammad Rashid said the deceased was hit by an unknown vehicle and no one saw the accident. The post mortem would be done on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11997525", "title": "Scribe attacks: Katju serves notice on CM", "text": "MUMBAI: Criticizing the state government for its failure to prevent attacks on journalists, Press Council chairman Justice Markandey Katju on Wednesday served a showcause notice on chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, asking him why should he not recommend to the president that the DF government be dismissed over its inability to uphold the freedom of press.A delegation of journalists from Maharashtra had apprised Justice Katju of the large number of attacks on journalists and media houses, including the recent attack on Times of India building in Mumbai, allegedly by Shiv Sena activists.\"I was informed that in the last 10 years, well over 800 scribes have been attacked, with 213 being attacked in the last two-and-a-half years alone. In this connection, I had written two letters to you but there has been no response from your side. Do I not even deserve the courtesy of a reply,'' Justice Katju asked.He said freedom of press was a guaranteed right under article 19 (1) (a) of the Constitution and it was the duty of the Press Council of India to uphold the freedom of the press in view of section 13 of the Press Council Act. \"It is the duty of the state government to maintain law and order in the state, but it seems to me that your government is neither able to maintain law and order nor prevent attacks on journalists, which seriously imperils freedom of the press,'' Justice Katju said. It is the first time that the Press Council chairman has written a strongly worded letter to a CM on assaults on scribes and media houses.On January 29, supporters of Shiv Sena MP Anandrao Adsul and MLA Abhijit Adsul had attacked the Times of India building.The delegation of journalists also called on the president to apprise her about the increasing attacks on scribes in Maharashtra. The team submitted a white paper on such attacks between January 2001 and 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002443", "title": "Rahul Bose to be honoured in Udaipur", "text": "Rahul Bose has reason to be happy. For someone who has been engaged in social causes, the actor has received some good news from Shreeji, Udaipur.He said, \"His Maharana of Mewar Foundation's chosen me for their annual award for National Integration.\"Incidentally, the past awardees of the Maharana of Mewar Foundation award for National Integration include names as the Dalai Lama , Shashi Tharoor , Shabana Azmi , Javed Akhtar. Rahul added, \"Other awardees of the (MMFC) award for National Integration have been Teesta Setalvad, Sunil Dutt . Privileged to be in this company.\"The actor is also thankful to Suchismita Bose and Divya Mansukhani for being the \"best directors an NGO dedicated to the removal of discrimination can hope for\".He continues, \"Directors Suchismita Bose and Divya Mansukhani will accompany me to Udaipur for the 26feb ceremony. It's theirs. It's ours.\"Now that sure calls for celebration, whay say?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12002474", "title": "'Farmers earn more at emerging markets'", "text": "PUNE: Farmers selling onion and pomegranates directly to retailers earned 9% to 75% higher prices than they get by selling the commodities through the traditional marketing channels (TMCs) such as the state-run Agriculture Produce Marketing Committee (APMC). The same holds true for other agricultural commodities, though the price difference would vary, says a recent study by the Gokhale Institute of Politics and Economics (GIPE) here.The study was undertaken to analyze the impact of emerging marketing channels (EMCs) in agricultural marketing and the consequent benefits to farmers and sellers. The study chose its respondents from Nashik district, which is a major grower of onion and pomegranate (the two horticultural crops chosen for the study) in the state.The wholesale agricultural produce markets began to be regulated in the 1950s and 1960s, when the states started to implement the Agriculture Produce Marketing Committee (APMC) Act. The APMCs were established in each state with a view to regulate the marketing of agricultural produce. However, after amendments were made to the Maharashtra Agricultural Produce Marketing (Regulation) Act, 1963, provision was made for private markets, farmer-consumer markets, corporate entry into agricultural markets and direct marketing.Sangeeta Shroff from GIPE's Agro-Economic Research Centre, who headed the research, said: \"To observe the supply chain of emerging as well as traditional channels, primary data was collected from farmers, market intermediaries, retailers, consumers and market committees through a detailed questionnaire. A focus group discussion with the APMC members was also held to get a clear picture of market charges, practices, etc. Secondary data, collected from various government reports and websites, was also used to support the analysis.\"The sample size included 35 farmers selling onions and 35 selling pomegranates through TMCs. 12 onion farmers and five pomegranate farmers selling their produce through the EMCs were also surveyed. The sample size for other agents such as intermediaries (traders), retailers and consumers was five in each, traditional as well as emerging marketing channels. The primary data was collected from Satana taluka of Nashik district.The study found that, though farmers who sell through the traditional marketing channels received Rs 711 per quintal of onion, they had to incur marketing costs of Rs 74.94 per quintal. Hence their net price was Rs 636.06 per quintal. \"With respect to emerging marketing channels, although farmers received a lower price than the auction price in traditional markets, they did not incur marketing costs as their produce was picked up from the field by the agent of the company. They received a net price of Rs 694 per quintal, which was about 9% higher than the price received by selling through regulated markets,\" Shroff said.Shroff added that the auction price in traditional market channels was higher because the farmers did not sell their entire produce immediately in post-harvest glut, but took advantage of the lean season when prices rise. \"Whereas in EMCs, farmers sold the entire produce soon after the harvest. Also, the emerging marketing channels were much shorter, but wholesalers are eliminated under EMCs also,\" she said.While selling pomegranates through the traditional marketing channels, farmers had to incur marketing costs of Rs 330 per quintal, resulting in a net price of Rs 3,489 per quintal. \"Also, In case of fruits, the agent's commission is 8%, which is double of that for other agricultural commodities. In sales through emerging markets, the net price received by the pomegranate farmers was Rs 6,100 per quintal, which is 75% higher than that fetched through traditional markets,\" Shroff said.She explained that the produce purchased by the agents of EMC is very limited and of a very superior quality. Further, since it was picked up from the farm, the farmer does not have to bear transport or marketing costs. \"In contrast, through traditional marketing channels, all produce, irrespective of quality, was sold through auction. Low quality produce was auctioned at a very low price, while better quality produce fetched a higher price. Again, when the farmers took their produce to the APMC, they incurred marketing costs and commission charges. More intermediaries meant increased marketing costs and margins.The study also found that post-harvest losses were higher in TMCs as compared to EMCs for both the crops. \"For every quintal of onion stored, a farmer lost about 25 kg under traditional channels, while the loss was only 5 kg in case of emerging market channels. The latter's storage structures were of better quality and hence, there was less decaying of the produce. In case of pomegranate also, with the superior quality of the produce in EMCs coupled with better transport and packaging facilities, post-harvest loss was less,\" Shroff said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001736", "title": "Kollywood holds itself to Ransom", "text": "Members of the Tamil film industry are cut up at the tussle over wages between Film Employees Federation of South India (FEFSI) and Tamil Nadu Film Producers Council (TNPFC), a prolonged faceoff that has halted shooting of all movies in the state for the past month.The dispute, which has now reached the labour commission, is indicative of the stranglehold that unions have over Kollywood and the arbitrary means that these bodies use to hold the industry to ransom, say veterans. Talks between the two sides have made little headway even after three rounds of discussions with the labour commission playing mediator. Industry analysts blame representatives of the workers' federation for the impasse. \"They have been intractable,\" said one analyst . \"When TNFPC resolved to hike daily payments to all FEFSI members by Rs 100, the federation demanded wages to match the rise in the cost of living.\"Experts and members of the film fraternity say unions can help the industry grow, they say, but they should not make unreasonable demands. \"Unions are necessary to protect the welfare of workers. But they should not cross all limits and hamper the growth of the industry,\" said director Ameer, general secretary of the director's union. Senior members of the industry say unions put filmmakers under financial pressure by making it mandatory that a certain number of hands be recruited for shoots regardless of how many workers are required. \"Kollywood is in a mess. Around 150 films are released every year, but only 15 movies may make a profit. Even when our losses are mounting , we still pay the workers a decent salary besides providing them with food, accommodation and transport,\" one producer said.Bollywood director Onir says unionism has two sides. \"If there are no unions, the workers will be exploited. While stars will be paid huge sums, a make-up man could be paid a paltry wage. Unions play an important role in the welfare of workers,\" said Onir.But, he said, unions are very often rigid with their demands. \"This is when unions start bullying filmmakers. Small budget films do not require many crew members, but unions compel us to hire a fixed number of their members. Sometimes the workers we get are not efficient or their attitude causes problems,\" Onir said. \"Cinema has become digital but unions still insist that we employ their cameramen union even if they are not required.\" Centre of Indian Trade Unions general secretary and MLA A Soundararajan suggests that film producers spend less to shoot fantasy sequences on costly sets and pay the workers instead. \"Film workers have come to the industry in good faith and cannot get into other occupations all of a sudden. There is nothing wrong with unions fighting for their welfare,\" he said.However, the rift that this has caused between producers and the workers' federation is unlikely to be resolved soon. At the last round of talks, producers suggested around 20 general conditions, but FEFSI members refused to discuss them. \"We told them that they cannot force us to recruit many workers for small-budget films and that we will hire only as many people as we need. But they just wanted to discuss the salary,\" said a member of the producers' council.Cinemas to be shut on ThursdayCinemas in the state will remain shut on Thursday in protest against the Centre's move to impose service tax on cinema industry. The Film Federation of India proposed the nation-wide shutdown to condemn the Centre's proposal to levy a 10.3% service tax on the movie industry. \"We are also supporting the protest and all our cinema halls in the state will be shut on Thursday,\" said a Trichy S Sridhar, joint secretary of Tamil Nadu cinema theatres owners association. There are 1460 cinemas in the state and of these 46 are in Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "11999628", "title": "Central govt can not counter terrorism without the states' cooperation, says Farooq", "text": "JAMMU: While speaking on the current hot issue of National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) here on Wednesday, Union minister for new and renewable energy, Farooq Abdullah said that the Central government will not be able to counter terrorism without the states' cooperation.Talking to media-persons at the sidelines of Talent Hunt Program organized by the Bbeing undertaken by the National Cricket Academy, Farooq said, \"It is good that finally the prime minister has consulted the state chief ministers on NCTC because Centre should not have taken any decision without consulting them.Union minister said that nobody curtailed the state authorities intentionally. There has been some mistake on forming NCTC but now the prime minister has written letters chief ministers and the matter will be resolved soon.Meanwhile on a proposal that would amount to taking away the powers of the Election Commission to enforce the Model Code of Conduct, Farooq said, \"The powers of Election Commission should not be affected.'' The union minister further observed that it is an autonomous body and the powers should not be taken away..He told that the objective of the NCTC is to ensure that the wide variety of security organizations in the country work in tandem, at least on issues related to terrorism. The said organization has been given its own operational wing with powers to arrest and conduct searches under Section 43A of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "dholewal", "code": "12001368", "title": "Dinner on Mars with family his dream", "text": "DHOLEWAL: An avid foodie, 47-year old Surinder Koul, manager of a hotel and restaurant, wants to have dinner with his family on Mars before the world comes to an end in 2012.\"I have tasted good number of foods of the world and have found Indian spicy food to be the most delicious. The other type of international foods are more of boiled types whereas Indian food is spicy and cooked. I wish to have Indian food with my family members, including wife Suman, my three daughters Manisha, Rajneesha and Monica and son Laksh, on planet Mars. Mars is my choice as I am curious to go to the places outside earth in the universe.\"His next wish is on the similar lines, about visiting new places. \"Since I work in hotel industry, I have been to all the major cities of India, including Mumbai, Kolkata, Bangalore, Pune, Hyderabad, Delhi, Chandigarh and other cities. I wish to travel abroad with my family before the world ends. I have heard a lot about Paris, London, New York, Rome and Toronto, so I would love to go there on a pleasure trip and also for shopping with my family members,\" he says. After fulfilling travelling and food pleasures, his next wish is, \"Though I have met many of the top ranking hoteliers of India, but I wish to meet Rattan Tata of Tata Group , as he is a businessman par excellence. His planning for future is amazing, which is a sure shot guarantee to success. I would love to see his working for a day and also seek his blessings.\"Besides Rattan Tata, he would like to meet Amitabh Bachchan , Jeetendra, Dharminder ji and Shatrughan Singh once again, as he has met them all during his yesteryears.\"About his last wish, Koul says, \"Since I am a big fan of hockey, I wish India regains the lost ground in the game. We were world champions but somehow lost the top slot in the sports. It is my wish to see India become a champion in this sport again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12002196", "title": "TRS chief plans campaign for ensuing by-polls", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana Rashtra Samithi announced that its party chief K Chandrasekhara Rao would embark on an election campaign from March 10 in Telangana for the ensuing by-elections.The legislature party leader Etela Rajendar announced the decision on Wednesday after the conclusion of a TRS politburo meeting with TRSLP and TRS state executive udyama committee at Telangana Bhavan. He said the slogan during the campaign would be about self-respect and self rule.\"We will expose TDP's twoeyed policy and bury the Congress. Our aim is to ensure that their deposits are forfeited. Our voice is being stifled in the assembly, we will show our strength to this Seemandhra government in the public court,\" Etela said. KCR represents Mahbubnagar parliamentary constituency and has decided to pay special attention to Mahbubnagar assembly constituency where he would stay and campaign for three days. He is scheduled to address public meetings in Nagarkurnool (Feb 10), Adilabad (Feb 11), 2 Kollapur (Feb 12), Station Ghanpur (Feb 13), Mahbubnagar (Feb 14) and Kamareddy (Feb 15).Meanwhile, party MP Vijayashanthi has been asked to tour all the mandal kendras from March 5 to 10 in all the six constituencies. The party cadre meanwhile has been asked to take up a three-day intensive palle baata from Feb 29 with a directive to motivate voters. Each party activist has been asked to interact and influence at least 100 voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "jewar (greater noida)", "code": "11999398", "title": "UP polls: Rahul\u2019s prestige at stake in Jewar", "text": "JEWAR (GREATER NOIDA): UP chief minister Mayawati has remained silent on the Bhatta-Parsaul agitation, but it remains a key poll issue in Jewar. And its most voicerferous campaigner is Nutan Tewatia. Nutan is the wife of jailed farmer leader and JD(U) candidate from Jewar, Manveer Tewatia. Accompanied by scores of party supporters, Nutan is making rounds of Jewar constituency, meeting farmers and women and connecting with youth to drum up support for her husband who is lodged in Dasna Jail for his role in the Bhatta-Parsaul clash. With 19 candidates in the fray and the land acquisition row the main electoral issue, Jewar has become a prestigious seat.It hit headlines when Congress leader Rahul Gandhi visited Bhatta-Parsaul and undertook a foot march in the villages along the Yamuna Expressway in support of farmers. Rahul's scheduled visit to the constituency on Thursday does not worry Nutan Tewatia. The woman strongly defends her husband saying that 31 criminal cases against him, including 14 charges related to murder, are baseless. \"Everyone knows my husband has dedicated his life to the cause of farmers. He went to jail to ensure that farmers of western UP get their due\", says Nutan.\"Since his college days, he used to raise issues for others. He was an office-bearer in the student wing of his college as well. He wanted to pursue a Masters in Economics but left it after first year to work in the social sector\", she says. \"The members of Kisan Sangharsh Samiti from across the country have pledged their support to us and many farmers and Sangharsh Samiti members even accompany me during my campaigns\", she adds. Residents too agree that JD(U) decision to field Manveer Tewatia, who has emerged as a crusader for farmers, has posed a stiff challenge to the Congress. \"Most villagers feel that while Rahulji is sincere, his party does not really come up at par.Meanwhile, Tewatia actually took up the villagers' cause\", says Mukhat Lal Sharma, a resident of Bhatta village.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11999471", "title": "Teenage girl death: 18-year-old was smothered to death, reveals autopsy", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 18-year-old girl whose body was recovered from a pool in a house was smothered to death, her postmortem report has revealed. It is likely that the victim, Asha Kashyap, daughter of Holi Kashyap of Bahraich, was first murdered and then her body thrown in the pool of the house which is adjacent to Don Bosco Institute Colony in Mohanlalganj. Asha had been working in the house of interior designer Rajiv K Dutt for the past two years. DIG DK Thakur told TOI that the postmortem report stated asphyxia due to smothering as the cause of death. Mohanlalganj police also confirmed that no water was found in Asha's lungs, which could have been the case had the girl died due to drowning.The police also confirmed that the girl was not raped. When asked if there were any marks suggesting rape attempt, police said the latter half of the autopsy report was not readable, hence could only be revealed after reading from another copy. The murder has raised questions over police laxity as after several attempts neither circle officer Tribhuwan Tripathi nor SP (rural) Sri Krishna could confirm the exact spot of the crime. While Tripathi, who claimed being present at the spot, told TOI that the body was found in a crater in an open field, SP (rural) said the body was found inside Don Bosco Institute's swimming pool. Strangely, none of the two came out correct with their information as the body of Asha was found from the pool inside the house of Dutt.Asha's brother-in-law Jeevan Kashyap, who had been working with Dutts for the past 18 years, had introduced her to Dutts. Asha was missing since Sunday morning. According to Asha's parents, Dutt informed them on Monday that their daughter was missing. The parents rushed to Lucknow only to be told by Dutts that Asha's body had been found in the pool of the house. The police are trying to ascertain the reason behind Asha's murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12004021", "title": "UP polls: 39% voters exercise franchise in first six hours", "text": "LUCKNOW: Brisk polling was recorded in the fifth phase of UP assembly elections spread over 49 seats with around 39 per cent of the over 1.56 crore voters exercising their franchise in the six hours amidst reports of poll boycott in some areas.Polling started at 7 AM amidst tight security arrangements and 38.76 per cent votes were cast till 1 PM, Chief Electoral Officer of UP Umesh Sinha said here.Maximum 45 per cent votes each were polled in Firozabad and Lalitpur districts.Among other districts, Etah recorded 43.7 per cent, Etawah 42 per cent, Hamirpur 37 per cent, Mainpuri, Jalaun and Jhansi 39 per cent each and Mahoba 38.There were reports of voters boycotting the poll process in Etah, Lalitpur, Jalaun and Hamirpur over development issue.In Kanpur, 32 percent voter turnout was recorded till 1 PM.There were also reports of minor scuffles between election officials and voters in the industrial city.The Cantt seat area saw some tension as the local Congress candidate alleged that 75 per cent of voters' names were missing from the voter list despite their having voter-ID cards. Angry voters created a ruckus but heavy police presence prevented the situation from worsening.Senior police officials said the problem arose due to a minor error in the list which was changed after delimitation and the problem was resolved peacefully with the voters.Another part of Cantt seat also witnessed similar confusion in the voter list and slogan-shouting among rival party supporters.In this phase, fate of 829 candidates, including that of Leader of Opposition in the state assembly Shivpal Singh Yadav, BJP leader Uma Bharati and former UP chief minister Kalyan Singh would be decided.Polling is underway in Firozabad, Kanshiram Nagar, Etah, Mainpuri, Etawah, Auraiya, Ramabainagar, Kanpur, Jalaun, Jhansi, Lalitpur, Hamirpur and Mahoba districts.The fifth phase would cover assembly seats in backward Bundelkhand region, bastions of SP and former chief minister Kalyan Singh. In this phase, Shivpal Singh Yadav is seeking re-election from Jaswantnagar seat in Etawah district.Fate of firebrand leader Uma Bharati, who is making her debut in UP electoral politics, would be put to test from Charkhari seat in Mahoba district.Charisma and political strength of former UP chief minister Kalyan Singh would also be tested in this phase when elections would be held in his stronghold of Etah.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12000130", "title": "Now, monkey-catcher on tiger trail in Rahmankhera", "text": "LUCKNOW: After repeated failures to trap the fugitive tiger in Rahmankhera, forest officers have now roped-in a monkey-catcher in the hope that he will accomplish the mission. The helplessness and desperation of the officials can be gauged from the fact that the man has been given the powers of an officer. This, however, has annoyed the staff who are already on the tiger trail, sources said.Surprisingly, chief wildlife warden Mohammad Ehsan feigned ignorance about the monkey-catcher. Perhaps the staff and officers from Awadh have engaged the monkey-catcher, who on several occasions has mounted the elephant to track the big cats. The man was also the part of the operation to track the maneating tigress in Faizabad in 2008. The tigress was finally shot at by a hunter whom the forest department had called then.\"There is no role of a monkey-catcher in tiger-tracking at all,\" said GC Mishra, former director, Dudhwa. It's difficult for anybody to explain, what a monkey-catcher was doing at a place, where forest officers, have not even allowed the wildlife experts to venture. The officers maintain that presence of a 'commoner' might disturb the tiger, and it can change location. In what way is monkeycatcher, not a 'commoner', is hard to understand.It was on January 8 that presence of the tiger was reported and confirmed at Rahmankhera. It's been more than a month that officers are tracking the tiger at Central Institute of Subtropical Horticulture (CISH), in Rahmankhera, without any breakthrough. \"The man is registered as a monkey-catcher with the department. He is also called in, when monkey menace is reported,\" said sources.While, the department has allowed him to be a part of the operation, there are several organizations from outside, which have expressed their desire to help forest department safely trap the tiger. \"A wildlife organization from Australia has evinced interest in trapping the tiger, but that's not possible without the permission of the department,\" said Kaushlendra Singh, a wildlife enthusiast.However, the forest department might not be very keen on allowing the outsiders, to be a part of the operation. Nobody apart from the forest department officers and WTI team has the access to the premise of CISH, where enclosures and 'machan' have been set up to track and trap the tiger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "udaipur", "code": "11998489", "title": "Many recruited at job fair in Udaipur", "text": "UDAIPUR: The Maharaja College of Engineering, Udaipur, in association with the Times of India, organized a two-day 'Job Fair' in Udaipur on February 18 &amp; 19 at the college campus, Airport Road, Debari. More than 25 national and multinational companies recruited students on different designations.The companies conducted on-the-spot interviews of potential candidates ranging from management graduates to engineers and from post-graduates to undergraduates in degree courses. Participating companies spanned across various industries including IT, banking, hospitality, finance, engineering, insurance sector and many others. \"This job fair has bridged the gap between job seekers and job givers,\" said an organizer, who was overwhelmed with the response. \"The Times Job Fair has heightened awareness on business and employment opportunities available in the area,\" said a multinational employer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12000211", "title": "IT complexes may have to shell out more property tax", "text": "Large multi-national firms and IT companies in the city may have to start shelling out a higher amount as property tax from the next financial year. The Corporation of Chennai, which has found that IT companies earning higher profits than local grocery stores come under the same tax bracket, has decided to look into the issue.\"How can a multi-national company and a local store pay the same rate for one square foot?\" said mayor Saidai S Duraisamy at the council meet on Wednesday. The taxes were last raised in 1998. A revamp in the gradation system and tax slabs is likely. \"We are going to meet and discuss changes in the classification of buildings. IT parks and MNCs maybe brought under a special category or a separate slab could be created for them,\" said a revenue officer. Corporation sources said it might require an amendment to the Corporation Council Act, but that it was subject to government approval. Presently, there are different tax slabs for commercial and residential properties and a separate slab for special commercial buildings. \"Special commercial buildings, including movie theatres, marriage halls, lodges, hotels and restaurants, pay higher tax than normal commercial buildings,\" said the official.The council has found that some of the top shopping malls, multi-national companies and IT parks have been categorized as ordinary commercial buildings. \"Some of the companies' profit margins are higher than theatres and hotels, but they are still not part of the special category,\" said the mayor.The council, which plans an inquiry into why taxes were not revised in 2003 and 2008, has been toying with the idea of raising property taxes, its main source of income, for over a year now. Against the targeted 558 crore, it had collected only 227 crore till January 31.Facing large-scale tax evasions by commercial buildings, the civic body began a survey to re-asses the commercial and residential buildings but it still doesn't have precise data on the tax collected from commercial buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12002633", "title": "LPG crisis grips region", "text": "VARANASI: After witnessing a dwindling supply of LPG cylinders that caused crisis during elections in the region, the district has been forced to face even bigger crisis in the festive season. While the backlog of consumers waiting for delivery of LPG cylinders is increasing, the concerned officials are also not in a position to tell when the crisis will be over in the region. Some of them are only hinting at an improved situation after Holi festival.\"The crisis is the dual impact of election and festive season. While the supply and distribution of cylinders from the bottling plant got hampered for two days (February 14 and February 15) during elections, the celebrations of Mahashivratri also halted the process for two days. The situation has done enough to increase the pending list of waiting consumers, creating a huge backlog of such passengers in the region,\" said Kumar Agrawal, president, Varanasi LPG Distributors Association, while speaking to TOI on Wednesday.As per reports of the association, there are nearly 3.25 lakh consumers that are registered at 30 authorised gas service centres across the city. Out of these, the maximum gas service centres belong to the Indian Oil (Indane) that has 22 centres spread in different parts of the city. The Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd (BPCL) and the Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd (HPCL) have a total of eight centres (four centres each) to cater to consumers in the region.However, if the reports of some of the service centres are to be believed, the gap between booking and delivery date for LPG cylinders is only increasing in the festive season. One of the gas service centres in Lanka area reported the gap to be as high as 15 days, while it was 10 days just a week ago during elections. \"I made the bookings on February 8 this year and I am still running from pillar to post for delivery of the cylinder. One of the cylinders in the house in the house in already vacant and one does not know when the other will extinguish. The officials at gas service centres have said that complaints could be lodged after 15 days of booking and it has really left me stretched,\" said Madhu Mishra, one of the housewives in Lanka area.To make matter worse, the busy wedding season is also creating a huge demand for LPG cylinders, contributing to the shortage and crisis. \"We are trying to cut down the backlog as early as possible. Since the crisis has been generated during the election season, it could take some time before the situation could be normalised. However, efforts are being made to ensure delivery of cylinder after 10 to 15 days of the booking. The delivery would be expedited after Holi as it would mark the culmination of festive and wedding season,\" added Kumar Agrawal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11999081", "title": "Budget 2012: Govt may peg plan allocation at Rs 5.2 lakh crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite a tight fiscal situation, the government is expected to go for an 18% increase in plan allocation for the next financial year. Sources privy to the discussions on the spending said that the plan expenditure for 2012-13 would be around Rs 5.21 lakh crore against the allocation of Rs 4.41 lakh crore for current fiscal.After intense discussions spanning weeks, the finance ministry has finally agreed to Planning Commission's proposal for an 18.35% increase in Gross Budgetary Support (GBS) to Rs 4.41 lakh crore. Traditionally, GBS has been a vexed issued between the two agencies involved in finalization of spending on the plan side, which is seen to be the more productive expenditure. With GBS finalized, the actual allocation work can now commence.While the allocation for social sector schemes may see a modest increase, the sectors crucial for economic recovery and higher economic growth will get substantive hike in plan spending, officials said. The idea is to make sure that social sector schemes get priority in the budget, which is expected to be bereft of big ticket announcements as finance minister Pranab Mukherjee tries to set his fiscal house in order.But sources said the government is expected to allocate Rs 5,000 crore for bailing out ailing National Aviation Co of India Ltd (Nacil) that flies under the Air India brand. Other crucial infrastructure sectors are expected to see a hike in plan allocation.On the social sector side, the gross budgetary support for rural development ministry is expected to be Rs 74,000 crore, an increase of just Rs 1,000 increase from current fiscal. This time the demand-driven UPA's flagship scheme NREGA may face a small cut in plan allocation as the Planning Commission member Mihir Shah and rural development minister Jairam Ramesh want to pump more funds for sanitation and drinking water schemes.The budgetary support for the sanitation and drinking water schemes is expected to be doubled to around Rs 20,000 crore in the next budget. Despite much talk of better spending and prioritizing schemes, the Centre has failed to do much over the years.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12002793", "title": "Eight colleges to battle it out at TOI's quiz competition", "text": "PANAJI: In Quizitive Goa- an all Goa intercollege quiz competition organized by The Times of India, received an overwhelming response from college students across the state with 104 teams comprising two members each who participated in this mega college event. Eight teams have qualified for the final showdown, which includes the semi-final and finals.Angad Chahal and Himanshu Nainani from PCCE, Verna; Akshay Naik and Sachin Mirashi from ISBT, Vasco; Elvis Moraes and Naeem Shaikh from Shree Damodar College, Margao and Marvell Deniz &amp; Samay Shetti from Government Polytechnic, Curchorem; Adish Talwadker and Anant Lawande from Goa Medical College, Bambolim; Aditya Desai &amp; Prithviraj Gupta from Goa Institute Management, Sanquelim; Divya Ramaswamy and Kenny Silveira from Dhempe college, Miramar; and Nikhil Shirsat and Digvijay Malik from DMC, Mapusa have made it to the semi finals.The grand finale would be held on Friday at Audi 1 of Maquinez Palace, ESG, Panaji, with Rajiv D'Silva of Quizco as quiz master.Entry to the finals is free for the audience.The event, presented by Idea, is aimed at creating a quest for knowledge amongst students The preliminary rounds were conducted at V V M's Shree Damodar College of Commerce &amp; Economics, Margao; MES College of Arts and Commerce, Vasco; S S Dempo College of Commerce, Panaji and Saraswat Vidyalaya's Sridora Caculo College of Commerce and Management, Mapusa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11998716", "title": "Ring road project: JDA fails to acquire land, crucial meet today", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority's (JDA) attempt to take possession of land for the ring road project from agitating farmers failed once again on Wednesday. A JDA team had to return empty handed from Mahapura village.A team of Sanjosh Supreme, a company awarded work, was also prevented by the villagers in Gonair and was not allowed to carry a survey.Sources at the JDA said that a team of engineers who had gone to demarcate the land in Mahapura village for the project was held hostage for one and half hours by the villagers and were warned not to come back until the state government takes a decision. \"As work for survey is pending, we tried to convince the villagers to allow us to carry our survey work. However, we had to return empty handed,\" said a company employee.As the deadlocks continues, the officials and the farmers are now pinning hopes on the meeting with minister Shanti Dhariwal on Thursday. Mahesh Joshi, Member of Parliament, who is supporting the farmers, has scheduled a meeting with the UDH minister. \"The decision is pending since long and now it's time to reach at a conclusion. The deadlock has to be broken and we should take a middle path which could benefit both parties.\"To avoid accidents from heavy vehicles movement in the city, the ring road is the only permanent solution, according to the JDA officials. The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) is still struggling to get possession of the land acquired for it.Meanwhile, farmers protesting at MP Mahesh Joshi's residence has entered 9{+t}{+h} day.The JDA plans to construct a 90-metre wide transport corridor alongside the proposed ring road and acquired 135-metre land on either side which will include commercial developments along the road. The idea has, however, not gone down well with the farmers who are demanding market price compensation for the 90 metre stretch and return of the excess land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11998669", "title": "''Additional charges against Salem may be dropped\u2019", "text": "The Centre is exploring the possibility of dropping additional charges by Indian courts against gangster Abu Salem and also inform Portuguese authorities about it, sources said.The decision was taken at meeting in the ministry of home affairs, where officials from the CBI, law ministry and ministry of external affairs (MEA) took part. The home ministry has been asked to coordinate with the state police departments on their stand on additional charges imposed by them and the CBI has been asked to look into the legalities and then accordingly inform the court, sources claimed.It was decided that the Portuguese courts will be apprised about the recent Indian apex court order that had said the order of the Portuguese court should be respected and also stayed TADA proceedings in two cases against Salem. Portugal's Supreme Court had upheld the order of a lower court there, terminating Salem's extradition for \"violation\" of deportation rules by Indian authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11999072", "title": "Fugitive duo dodges cops in Mumbai", "text": "KOLKATA: A police team from Kolkata narrowly missed Kader Khan and Johnny - the accused in the Park Street gang-rape case - in Mumbai on Tuesday.Sources say that the fugitives had taken refuge in Mumbai with a relative of Johnny, who had arranged shelter for them. But the duo fled hours before the police raid, say sources.Three teams of Kolkata Police had fanned out in search of the rape accused. Two teams that had gone to Bihar returned empty handed on Wednesday. The Mumbai team is still pursuing them. Tuesday's raid yielded evidence that Kader and Johnny had been in the hideout but little else in terms of evidence.The investigators are in soup as neither Kader nor Johnny is contacting any of their aides in the city. They have also stopped all bank transactions, which could have provided a lead to police about their location. Police suspect that Johnny has contact with some city-based hawala rackets and is probably getting money from them.Investigators are also puzzled by the mysterious sixth suspect - Md Ali - that two of the accused have named. Police feel Ali is somehow connected with the crime. \"Either he is directly involved or helped the accused because he, too, is absconding,\" said an investigator. He pointed out that though Ali's family claims they do not know where he is, they have not filed a missing person's complaint yet.\"Ali is a cousin of Naser and Kader. He stays at a mess in the Park Circus area. His family is not on good terms with Naser's family. In fact, they have an old enmity,\" said an investigator. Police are not ruling out the possibility that the accused are trying to mislead investigators by naming Ali. One of those in custody even claimed that Ali, and not Kader, had raped the woman. \"His role is under the scanner as he is absconding,\" said another officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12002963", "title": "Agency to study dolphin park plan", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Wednesday appointed a Maharashtra-based agency to carry out a feasibility study of its dolphin and water theme park along the sea in Sindhudurg. \"The agency was appointed after the meeting ,\" tourism minister Chhagan Bhujbal said. The Rs 510-crore project will be part of a plan to promote the state's 720-km-long coastline.Sea World will have a giant aquarium, a dolphin park and a stadium, a facility to train and keep dolphins, guest houses, a theatre and theme restaurants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11999578", "title": "All for reservation in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Not only Jats and 13 others castes, even farmers on Wednesday announced to join the race for reservation in government jobs and educational institutions under the OBC quota.Bhartiya Kisan Union leaders from four states, including Punjab and Haryana, announced that 50,000 farmers would be assembling at Kurukshetra (Haryana) on March 1 to press for the demand.BKU's national spokesman Rakesh Tikait said that farmers belonging to all castes should be included in the OBC category. The key demands of farmers are fixation of minimum support price for rice and wheat as per Swaminathan Commission report, which had recommended 50% of total cost as profit to farmers, said BKU president (Punjab) Ajmer Singh Lakhowal. Pension for farmers, separate budget for agriculture on the lines of railways, MSP for all crops, crop loans and complete loan waiver for the farming sector are the other issues that will be raised, he said.Jats have been staging protests near a railway track in Hisar district for the past four days on the issue of reservations. Sources said that 14 castes, incluiding Bishnois, Rajputs, Jats, Tyagis, Jat Sikhs and Khatris have representated to Haryana Backward Classes Commission, headed by justice (retired) K C Gupta, for inclusion in the list of OBCs. In all, the commission has received at least 234 representations from various groups, organisations and individuals, sources said.Box:Long line for reservationJat, Jat Sikh, Bishnoi, Tyagi, Ror, Brahmin, Jhangir Brahmin, Bhargwa, Gosain, Rajput, Punjabi (Arora/Khatri), Baniya (Aggarwal), Kalal, Kuswaha and farmers from all communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11999421", "title": "Hat splendour to reign at Rose Fest", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Municipal corporation is all set to organize the 40th Rose Festival at Zakir Rose Garden in Sector 16 of the city.With the civic body organizing the event for the first time, two new events have been added to the fest - Mr and Ms Rose Competition and Fancy Floral Hat Contest. The three-day festival to start from March 24, will also have cultural events presented by the north zone cultural committee. Besides traditional cultural events, there is also an arrangement of Punjabi and Bollywood thrilling night besides laughter show at adjoining Leisure Valley in Sector 10.The Punjabi night by Amrinder Gill will be organized on March 25, while Bollywood singer Abhijit Bhattacharya will enthrall the audience on the last day of fest. There would be separate arrangements for kids like amusement parks and eating stalls where one can enjoy scrumptious delicacies.Providing details, officials of the MC said visitors would be able to catch a glimpse of over 800 varieties of roses during the fest at the Rose Garden, which is the largest in Asia.Preparations are on full swing at the venue and various departments of the Chandigarh administration like tourism wing, Chandigarh industrial tourism and corporation, Chandigarh housing board are assisting the civic body to make this three-day event exciting and memorable.Chandigarh police has also made arrangements for the fest. There would be six high rise machans within the Rose Garden to keep a vigil on every part and besides 24 CCTV cameras, both static and movable, will be installed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12004312", "title": "Apple co-founder on leaving Apple after 12 days", "text": "Ron Wayne is Apple's little-known third co-founder, along with Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak . While promoting his recently published book, 'Insolence of Office', Wayne explains his decision to leave Apple after only 12 days in a Facebook post.In his biography, Steve Jobs told his biographer Walter Isaacson , \"Ron was an amazing guy. He started companies. I had never met anyone like that.\"Wozniak and Jobs had worked on several projects together. While Wozniak was reluctant to monetise his latest product, Jobs was reportedly convinced that they had a winner on their hands. He roped Wayne in to convince Wozniak to launch a full fledged partnership. Wozniak finally agreed and shares were divided -- 45% each to Jobs and Wozniak and 10% for Wayne. However, according to the Isaacson biography, the failure of his previous venture had made Wayne nervous of taking on the risks associated with new partnerships and he withdrew from Apple. Wayne was paid $800 and received another $1,500 shortly thereafter.Below is Wayne's Facebook post.Ron Wayne Why I Left Apple Computer After Only 12 Days, In My Own Words An Essay by Ronald G. WayneI didn't separate myself from Apple because of any lack of enthusiasm for the concept of computer products. Aside from any immediate apprehension in regard to financial risks, I left because I didn't feel that this new enterprise would be the working environment that I saw for myself, essentially for the rest of my days. I had every belief would be successful but I didn't know when, what I'd have to give up or sacrifice to get there, or how long it would take to achieve that success.In addition to my rather mundane daily activities during my time as an Apple Co-founder-a full time job at Atari working for Al Acorn and directly answerable to Nolan Bushnell as Atari's International Field Service engineer-I was writing my treatise on the true nature of money, Insolence of Office.At the time I was earning $22,000 a year-$88,000 a year in today's money-we've had at least 400% inflation since that time. The Dow Jones had just broken a thousand points. Something Steve Jobs and I had discussed many times-Jobs had asked me if I had thought the Dow Jones would ever break a thousand points. I told him that it would break 1,000, then 5,000 thousand, and at some point in the future, 10,000 points. These types of conversations were typical of those Jobs and I would have over lunch at some of the local diners surrounding Los Gatos, during our time together at Atari.To counter much that has been written in the press about me as of late, I didn't lose out on billions of dollars. That's a long stretch between 1976 and 2012. Apple went through a lot of hard times and many thought Apple would simply go out of business at various times in its maturity. I perhaps lost tens of millions of dollars. And quite honestly, between just you and me, it was character building.If I had known it would make 300 people millionaires in only four years, I would have stayed those four years. And then I still would have walked away. Steve and Steve had their project. They wanted to change the world in their way. I wanted to change the world in my own.My book Insolence of Office is the result of 40 years of research.We've had a 2500% increase in inflation since the end of World War II. The $2,300-$800 and then later, another $1500-I received from Apple Inc. in 1976 would be roughly the same as $9,200 today. I'm sure you would agree with me that's not bad pay for only 12 days worth of work. However, that increase of inflation is something I predicted decades ago and the driving factors behind that inflation is something I discuss in great detail in my book.I'm sure I've mentioned this to you before, as a belief that I truly hold (and I know this sounds arrogant as hell), but the writing and publication of Insolence is, in itself, enough to justify my existence on this planet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12002646", "title": "German tourist dies in mysterious circumstances", "text": "VARANASI: A German tourist, Raphel Wawrzymiak, died after falling ill in mysterious circumstances in the city on Tuesday late night. According to reports, Raphel had arrived in Delhi on a tourist visa on February 13 and reached Varanasi on February 19. Before his arrival, his Italian friend Sarra had booked rooms for Raphel and two Russian tourists - Rogozin Evgeny and Romanovskiy Valentin - at Old Yogi Lodge in Luxa area. After reaching Varanasi, the German and Russian tourists stayed in these rooms.But on February 21 morning, Sarra, Rogozin and Romanovskiy checked out to shift at another guesthouse in Kedarghat under Bhelupur police station area. When Raphel did not open his room till late in the afternoon, the lodge staff contacted Sarra and the two Russians who were staying with him.When the trio reached the lodge, the room of Raphel was opened where he was lying in a semi-conscious state. The lodge staff immediately rushed him to a private hospital in Lanka area, from where he was referred to SSL Hospital of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) but he could not be saved. Later, his body was sent to the mortuary of SPG Hospital.On getting the news, city SP M S Chauhan reached the lodge where Raphel was staying. After initial investigation, Chauhan said that an overdose of intoxicants is suspected to be the reason behind the sharp deterioration in the health of Raphel.He said that the cause of death would become clear after getting the postmortem report. He said that the German embassy and family members of Raphel had been informed about the incident. Chauhan said that the companions of Raphel would be interrogated and they would be allowed to leave the city only after the arrival of Raphel's family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001130", "title": "Usha Uthap, the female who\u2019ve sung for a man!", "text": "Prinsep Ghat will rock to the music of Usha Uthap on February 25 for Maitree Bandhan, the India-Bangladesh Cultural Festival...You are one of the performers at \"Maitree Bandhan Aage Chalo!\", The Times of India Indo-Bangladesh Cultural Festival. Your take.Let me put things straight at the onset. People might think I am biased, which I am when it comes to The Times Of India. I was born and brought up in Mumbai, I come from a middleclass family, my father was in the police and I had six siblings. Through my growing up years, this is the only paper I knew. I hold it very dear to my heart. Coming to Kolkata, it has been wonderful to experience the coming of age of the paper. Needless to say, every initiative by the brand has been of paramount importance. And yes, my first ever stage show was for the Times. Coming to \"Maitree Bandhan Aage Chalo!\", it's such endeavours that really bring people closer. It feels wonderful to be a part of it. I believe in music and love. People who have faith in music are the happiest. This has been my message all through. When it comes to harmony, language does not matter, and neither does caste, creed, colour or religion.Your concerts must have taken you to Bangladesh...Oh yes, on innumerable occasions. And every occasion has been fantastic, the response wonderful. You see, before I went there to perform, singers, music directors, musicians, including people as senior as Alauddin Ali from that country, have been coming to my studio, (which has been functional for 29 years now) to record here. So, we have a strong bond. The audience there has loved me, simply because I do all languages. Be it Rabindrasangeet, Nazrulgeeti, or other forms, variety is the spice for me. And together, we expect to rock.What's your take on the audience in Bangladesh?We recently did a show which was open-air. But I've done indoor shows as much as I've performed at five-star hotels. Every experience has been different. I feel, the audience there is a bit shy, takes a little time to open up but once they do, they are fantastic, can simply blow you away.Any personal favourites from there?There are so many, naming a few would be unfair. I love Miles, James (\"Lal tuk tuk\"), Bachchu, Sabina Yasmin , Rezwana Chowdhury Bannya. Biswajit and Andrew Kishore are my all-time favourites. Now, of course, there is the new brigade with Mehreen and Habib, to name a few. That apart there are the Nazrulgeeti and Rabindrasangeet singers. Have you drawn up a list of the numbers you will be setting the stage on fire with? I have. Many, many, many years ago, I had met up with Runa Laila. We had many common friends in Delhi. But that's another story. I had gone to see her perform at the Netaji Indoor Stadium, I still remember her performing in a blue sari. I've also met her on a number of occasions in India and abroad. Let me add that it's a great feeling to be performing with her. For me, it's a great honour to be able to represent India on such a platform. I intend to kickstart with my opening song in music followed by RD Burman and Bappi Lahiri selections. Then the rocking \"Darling\", \"Don 2\" and \"Ami shotti bolchhi\" from \"Kahaani\", not to forget the \"Kolaveri Di\" track. I also plan to share the stage with Runa Laila for either \"Dama dam mast kalandar\", or \"We are the world\" or \"Heal the world\". Let's see.You won the Award for the Best Playback (female) category, at the 57th Filmfare Awards...What a magical moment that was! This was the mother of all awards. And I guess, it was magical for the rest of India too. I was showered with 600 to 700 messages and nearly 2,000 mails. That was such an amazing feeling. I am thankful to Vishal Bhardwaj for giving me this opportunity.And how important are such accolades for you?Awards are very, very important. I love receiving awards. At the same time, I don't believe in the numbers game. I always keep saying, 'Forget about first, second and third'. Look at me. My greatest award has been the audience. If you have the whole world with you, what more can you ask for? And if you do get an award, that's the cherry on the cake.Yours is a unique voice...I know it's no heroine's voice. In fact, I am the first female artiste to have sung for a man, Mithun Chakraborty . Point is, I've turned my limitations into my strengths. There is usually a pre-conceived format for our film industry. Heroines were supposed to sound a particular way, while the bad girls were supposed to sound a certain way. When it came to me and my voice, composers had to find a situation. For me, it has never been a question of how good or how bad, but a question of how original... and I am 100% original. I cannot be Lata Mangeshkar , Asha Bhonsle , Kishore Kumar or Mohammed Rafi. Simply because they are the best and they are them. But I am me and I still sing their songs the way I know. I have never learnt music but it's the support of my family, audience and musicians that have kept me going.Finally, what's your dream?To be able to spread the message of love, peace and brotherhood of man. Why should India be a land of cliches? I dream of a day when my country will stand on a world podium, shoulder to shoulder with other nations, culturally, when there will be only one of love a - music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11998767", "title": "New cancer detection machine in SMS hospital soon", "text": "JAIPUR: In a first for government hospitals in the state, the SMS Medical College and Hospital here will soon be equipped with endoscopic ultrasound machine which will doctors in early detection of cancer and the stage of the disease in patients.The proposal to install the state-of-the-art machine comes at a time when the World Health Organization has reported that non-communicable diseases, which include cancer, are on the rise. With this machine, patients now have a high chance in defeating cancer as it will help in early detection of the disease.The college's principal and gastroenterologist Subhash Nepalia said, \"The machine's cost is around Rs1 crore and we have placed the order. By the end of the current financial year, we will be able to get the machine.\"Doctors of the hospital are quite upbeat with the decision to install the new machine. Gastroenterologist S S Sharma said, \"At present, we use the CT scan. But the endoscopic ultrasound results are perfect. This will enable us in early detection of cancer.\"Some of the cancers, which are on the rise and are lethal, include, cancers of the pancreas, esophagus, stomach, bile duct, gallbladder and rectum.Another gastroenterologist Sandeep Nijhawan added, \"It needs training to work on the endoscopic ultrasound machine as it will be a new facility in the hospital.\"The machine makes it an easy task for doctors to see images of tissues and also of the digestive track through endoscopic ultrasound. It is a light weight instrument which is inserted in the body and gives accurate and detailed information of the digestive system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12002595", "title": "Conservation breeding of 20 species on cards", "text": "PUNE: Twenty endangered wild animal species have been prioritised for conservation (captive) breeding in zoos across the country, as these species are vulnerable and need immediate intervention.The population of these species has dwindled and many are on the verge of extinction. The species include pygmy hog, vultures, red panda, hangul, golden langur, muskdeer, hoolock gibbon, rhino, tragopan, monal, Great Indian bustard and king cobra. The 20 endangered species are the prioritised species of the Central Zoo Authority.Conservation breeding is carried out to restore the population of wild animal species. Animals are bred in captive condition and later released in the wild.An ex-situ centre to breed species of animals facing extinction will be taken up at the Rajiv Gandhi zoological park in Katraj. Animals like the rusty-spotted cat, jungle cat, mouse deer, king cobra and the Indian giant squirrel will be taken up for conservation breeding.According to wildlife experts, wildlife habitat is under severe pressure and a large number of species of wild animals have become endangered, the zoos have not only to sustain their own population, but also augment the depleting populations of endangered species in the wild.There was an existing list of 61 identified endangered wild animal species to be taken up for conservation breeding in zoos. The programme is in process in case of 19 species. Recently, wildlife experts, ecologists and biologists prioritised 20 species from the existing list based on criteria like their vulnerability, present population in zoos, ecology and research work.Erach Bharucha, director, Bharati Vidyapeeth Institute of Environment Education, who is also a member of the Central Zoo Authority, told TOI that the list comprises important species that require conservation breeding. \"More and more wild species are declining in their population and are on the verge of extinction. Thus, the idea is to develop the capacity to breed them outside protected areas like zoos,'' he said.Co-ordinating and participating zoos that are located in the area that has same geographical range with the endangered species to be taken up for conservation breeding, will be identified. For example, hangul can be bred in Jammu and Kashmir, mouse deer in Uttaranchal and red panda in Darjeeling.\"It is a new avenue and has been carried out successfully for few animals like the endangered vulture, red panda and pygmy hog, which were then released in the wild. This has to be done for other endangered species too,\" he said.\"A conservation breeding and species recovery plan is being prepared. Not all zoos can take it up. The animals taken up for conservation breeding will not be displayed and need isolated places for the same. They need special care and at times need to be hand reared too,'' Bharucha said.Visitors to the zoos can see them on CCTV and there will be no human imprinting. The animals will be given proper diet and nutrition which is similar to what they eat in the wild. This will help them to survive when released in the wild.It will be ensured that animals taken up for conservation breeding are not related (same lineage) as they will have better chances of having a good and strong population.Wildlife experts point out that the decline in population of the 20 species was due to many factors like habitat shrinkage, corridors getting cut off and genetic connections.Wildlife Institute of India, Dehradun, is also associated with the conservation breeding programme. B C Choudhary, scientist, Wildlife Institute of India, said that for conservation breeding there was need to prioritise species, prevent inbreeding and presence of healthy breeding stock. There is a need for professional approach and expertise to do it.According to experts, in spite of all efforts in the past, the conservation breeding of identified endangered species could not be implemented completely in zoos, as the number of animals of such species in Indian zoos was either small, or the zoos did not have the species in captivity or there was non-availability of technical personnel to monitor the programme as well as financial resources to run the programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11998513", "title": "Rajan ordered hit on Dey over Shakeel link?", "text": "MUMBAI: Gangster Chhota Rajan had a mole in his rival Chhota Shakeel's camp who alerted him about the latter's plan to kill him in London, police sources said.Arrested journalist Jigna Vora probably knew about Rajan's plan to kill senior reporter J Dey, the sources said, adding that Rajan ordered a hit on Dey as he believed the veteran journalist had hatched a plan with Shakeel to kill him.Rajan had reportedly called some friends in Mumbai and expressed remorse over Dey's killing. Rajan allegedly told his friends that his \"Dubai source\" (probably a mole) had informed him about Dey joining hands with Shakeel to kill the gangster in London.Dey went on a 10-day tour to London between April 26 and May 6. \"He asked Rajan to meet him there. When Rajan did not turn up in London, Dey asked Rajan to come and meet him in the Philippines in June. Rajan told his friends that Dey's trips were a trap,\" said a source.But joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy maintained that there was nothing on record to show that Dey had called Rajan to London or Philippines. Another senior police officer said that Dey was close to both Rajan and Shakeel.\"We know that Jigna held a grudge against Dey as he was getting close to one of her sources, Farid Tanashah, who was later killed. Jigna and Dey argued over this, following which Jigna started instigating Rajan against Dey. She also sent Rajan two articles written by Dey in which he had vilified the gangster,\" said an officer.In the 1,474-page supplementary chargesheet filed against Jigna, the police said that there are records to show that Rajan had spoken to shooter Satish Kalia twice after speaking to Jigna. \"Tumko ek aadmi ka kaam karna hai. Woh gaddar Dawood ka aadmi hai (You have to eliminate a traitor who is working for Dawood),\" this transcript between Rajan and one of his friends is now the part of the chargesheet.The police also said that Dey never met Dawood aide Iqbal Mirchi in London and that Jigna had floated this story to mislead the investigators. Roy said the police are waiting for the forensic report of Jigna's seven cellphones and a laptop. The police believe that Jigna had sent Dey's motorcycle number as well his office and home addresses to Rajan via email or SMS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11999483", "title": "Mainstream they must swim but it\u2019s best to start them on the side", "text": "NEW DELHI: Meenal Chopra, 15, was in a \"special needs\" school till Class IX. She now likes it at the Rohini private school she attends but would have felt more comfortable if her teachers were better equipped to handle visually-impaired kids like her. \"In my previous school, there were trained teachers who looked after us. But the environment didn't allow much freedom. I am more independent here. Though the teachers are helpful, they aren't fully trained to deal with our needs,\" she says. Chopra's admission into a mainstream school was facilitated by the All India Confederation of the Blind.This is the reality for many disabled children placed in mainstream schools. Although there are policies promoting integration of disabled kids - identified as children with special needs or CWSN by Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) - experts and activists say attempts at mainstreaming have largely failed in Delhi.\"Is the system accessible?\" asks G Syamala of Action for Ability Development and Inclusion ( AADI). It's a rhetorical question, really. \"Putting a disabled child into a regular school doesn't mean successful integration. A child who cannot see will depend on hearing and a child who cannot hear will depend on sight. Are books available in all these formats?\" she asks.According to 2009-10 SSA data, all government schools in Delhi (3,475) have \"barrier-free access\" - school buildings have ramps and handrails. \"When a child is two-and-a-half, she needs to be put into playschool which requires kids to be toilet-trained. These schools don't know how to handle a child who is not talking or walking,\" says Syamala.\"After RTE, no school can reject the application of a child on the basis of disability but they are expected to learn a lot before they enter - taking care of self, managing the environment. A child with impairment needs more help and more time. But schools are not ready to give that.\" Even the admission procedure is difficult as parents are asked to take their kids to \"special schools\" or pressed to produce \"disability certificates\".Dr Madhumita Puri of Society for Child Development, says that the student-to-teacher ratio in regular schools doesn't help either. \"A teacher with a class that's filled to capacity gets nervous if a child with special needs is put in. She is not only unsure of her own competence to handle the child but the necessary equipment is also limited. That's when the marginalization happens.\"\"Training of teachers is important. If teachers aren't equipped to handle disabled kids, the latter will drop out,\" says an expert on inclusive education (IE). She says categorically that part of SSA \"hasn't taken off in Delhi. However, SSA data from end-2010 claims that 88.94% of CWSN (12,068 out of 13,568) have been enrolled in schools - a statistic that most activists and experts working in the field reject. \"A major chunk of the disabled in Delhi is out of school,\" she says, \"Usually, only enrolled kids are included in the data.\" She goes on to explain that private schools don't solve the problem either. \"In most private schools, there's only partial mainstreaming, not full inclusion,\" she says. And \"special needs\" wings of such schools are too expensive. \"These schools spend more on resources and special educators and most children can't afford that,\" says another activist. However, there are also cases, where disabled children have been successfully integrated into mainstream courses like commerce and science. Rohan Garg, 16, who's visually impaired, was admitted into the commerce stream of a reputed private school. He's only being charged the regular fees and finds the teachers very supportive.\"Delhi has two sets of agencies - both central and state - yet it has nothing,\" comments Javed Abidi, an IE-expert. With too many agencies in the field, no one takes ownership. There are lots of NGOs but the government hasn't entered into partnerships with them,\" he says. Under SSA, there are 250-300 resource teachers and about 100 volunteers, which is nowhere near the kind of manpower required to tackle the disability sector. For that reason, a 90-day training programme for teachers was formulated with Rehabilitation Council of India. But, its enforcement had been hugely resisted.\"Even the 90-day training is not a comprehensive programme. It's only a foundation-course that teaches how to identify the disabled and refer them to special educators,\" says a senior government official. Shanti Auluck of Muskaan says that for the professionals who come into the field, it's the last option. \"The quality of training is not up to the mark. They usually come with a BEd in special education or are trained through open schools and colleges. We have to work a lot on capacity-building,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001875", "title": "\u2018There\u2019s the disquiet of unsaid things\u2019", "text": "If a picture can speak louder than words, then Siddharth Dhanvant Shangvi's works cry out. Captured in the quiet hill-station of Matheran, each seems to have a story to tell. Shangvi fields questions on them...You live in the verdant hill station of Matheran, far from the maddening city. How much is solitude a part of Postcards From The Forest? The work is both a result of solitude and a search for it; in a sense that dark quiet in the photographs comes from the solitude. I wonder how we define solitude - is it being alone? Or is it being alone with someone else?Is there a connecting theme to the photographs or did each play muse at its on time and in its own situation? I took many photographs over a period of time; part of the artistry was trying to find common theme running through the work, in order to unite the work as a whole. There is a silence, the disquiet of unsaid things.Can you describe a few of the works? The Remembering Places is about the force of nostalgia over our lives, how we retrieve through imagination those lost to life. And the two men in the hand rickshaw - that's about looking back and seeing... what? How do we respond to the past?Novelist, artist or photographer? Someone who likes to walk through the forest describes best.Is there an omnipresent narrator in the pictures? The visual language seems to ave its own story to tell... I don't know about a narrator but a perhaps someone who whispers. I made the photographs for a friend, to speak of certain things - a tree, a ruined house - so a lot of the work is about intimacy and its privileges. When you are unable to share something with someone in life imagination becomes your ally; this is how we get by.What were some of the moments with the lens like? Did you wait among the trees, misty roads for that perfect picture? There was a lot of walking back in complete dark, only to the light of my phone. There were times when storms broke and stranded me. But none of it was exceptional; what was, however, was the process of finding a photograph and being true to it, and to the impulse and memory it provoked.What is the best part of living in Matheran? Is it just the unhurried life...more? It's the ability to think about light, to cook lunch, to write a letter - all of this comprises art, the other stuff - the photographs, the books - this is way too formal - it is what we do to pay the mortgage.Not many know that you specialised in photography...is there a reason why you took so long to present your first photos? I wrote two novels before I made these photographs because they were a continuing form of education: I needed to write them in order to make these present photographs.How often do you come to Mumbai? I am back on the weekends to be with my dad and my dog, Bruschetta.If you could shoot one personality, whom would that be and why? I would like to photograph my friend, for whom the photos were made - or maybe not, they are cemented in memory already.Siddharth Dhanvant Shangvi's works can be viewed at Sakshi Gallery, Tanna House, Nathalal Parekh Marg, Colaba till March 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "11997903", "title": "Maya tears into Congress, Rahul", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The blue flag of the BSP was seen fluttering even more wildly on Wednesday, prompted by the arrival of party chief Mayawati in her home district to campaign for the last leg of the assembly polls. The incumbent UP chief minister lashed out at Rahul Gandhi criticizing him for the remark that the poor of the state have been reduced to begging on the streets of Maharashtra and, instead, blamed the Congress for its anti-poor policies.\"It is because of the Congress, which ruled the state for more than 40 years, that Uttar Pradesh has been reduced to poverty, forcing its people to migrate in search of work,\" said Mayawati. \"The Congress is misleading the public by promising to change the face of UP in five years even though it failed to do so in 40 years,\" she added.Addressing a huge election rally in Knowledge Park-II, Mayawati accused opposition parties of engaging in a conspiracy to shortchange Dalits and backward castes of their reservation pie in trying to cut away percentage for Muslims from the 27.5% quota reserved for OBCs. \"If the SP comes to power, 'jungle raj' would return and society would be divided along communal lines if BJP rules the state. On the other hand, BSP has actively pushed reservation for Jats and economically backward sections of the upper castes with the central government. However, the Centre has paid no heed to this,\" said the BSP supremo.The Dalit leader attacked the UPA government accusing it of step-motherly treatment towards Uttar Pradesh. \"The central government paid no heed to the proposal to divide the state into smaller parts. They did not even meet our demand of Rs 80,000 crore for development of the state,\" said Mayawati.Mayawati asserted that it is due to the lack of developmental funds from the central government that the BSP government was forced to tie-up with the private sector to build various projects. \"This has benefitted all sections of the society, including upper castes, youth, women, entrepreneurs and traders,\" she said.Rival parties were criticized by Mayawati for trying to implicate her government with false charges of corruption and being anti-farmers. \"While the central government has fixed Rs 145 per quintal as the price for sugarcane, our government has doubled it. Moreover, we have provided Rs 2,600 crore as loans to sugar mills apart from waiving off Rs 1,500 crore of electricity dues on farmers,\" she said.A soft attack on the media was also launched wherein Mayawati said that continuous coverage of draping of statues in Noida and Lucknow, after the Election Commission order, actually helped her party. \"After a few days, the media realized that it was providing free publicity to the BSP and I thank them for this,\" she said. \"However, there is strong resentment and anger among the Dalits over the decision to drape statues erected in honour of the BSP ideology. Our electorate would give a fitting reply to this at the time of polls,\" she said. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012  Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12003036", "title": "Ramlila crackdown: SC blames cops, pulls up Ramdev for negligence", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday held the Delhi Police guilty of using excess force on Baba Ramdev's followers on June 4 last year in the capital when the yoga guru sat in protest against corruption in India.The court added that there was a link between the Union home ministry and the Delhi police in the midnight arbitrary action against the followers.However, the apex court did not stop at just reprimanding the Delhi Police. It went on to hold Baba Ramdev and his trust guilty of contributing to negligence that led to Rajbala's (a follower) death due to her injuries.The apex court said the June 4 incident of last year was a glaring example of trust deficit between those who are governing and those being governed.It asked the Delhi police and Ramdev's trust to share 75:25 of the compensation of Rs. 5 lakh to Rajbala's kin and Rs. 50000 to those seriously injured.The SC said that the police was guilty of unauthorised use of force as well as being insensitive towards the injured. It directed the police commissioner to initiate disciplinary proceedings against the police personnel irrespective of their rank on these two counts.Baba Ramdev had declared to go on an indefinite fast on June 4, 2011 at Ramlila Ground Delhi to pressure the centre to root out corruption from India and bring back the black money stashed away in various financial institutions abroad.With talks breaking down between the centre and the yoga guru, police swooped down on Baba Ramdev a little past midnight and detained him after firing tear gas shells and resorting to lathicharge on his supporters to end his day-old indefinite hunger strike on black money issue. The dramatic police action came after government and the 46-year-old Yoga guru had accused each other the previous night of betrayal on mutual assurances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11998737", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority to start drain repair work early", "text": "JAIPUR: Learning lessons from not-so-rosy situations from the past, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has decided to start work early on the drainage plan for the city. Last year, the JDA had to face strong criticism during the monsoon season as the city roads got damaged frequently due to improper drainage.The JDA has asked its officials of all zones to submit a detailed report on the major roads and drains of their respective jurisdiction chalking out the drainage facilities. The report will than be presented in the executive committee of the JDA or will be sent to the public works department (PWD) for the approval.\"This time we are using different strategy to repair the drains in the city. As the end points of the drains for majority of roads are damaged there is no water outflow during rainy season. We are planning to start repair work from the end points this time,\" JDA's chief engineer Lalit Sharma said.\"Each monsoon the roads gets damaged and we have to spend a lot of money in the patch work and repairing. The major reason behind it is that rain water clogs in the absence of proper drainages. It seeps into the tar roads and then breaks it away. So to avoid such things in future, we will construct the drains at the places where there are maximum choking of water,\" an JDA official said, adding, \"The drains that were earlier built by the JDA but covered up due to illegal constructions or for other reasons will again be opened.\"As per the plan, main streets of the city which are affected by the rain water will be marked and connected to the drainages. On roads which are not connected to drains and cannot be constructed because of some reasons, CC roads or interlocking roads will be made. The engineers of all zones have been asked to file a report after surveying the area along with the assessment of the costing for the purpose.If the drainage master plan made prepared for Jaipur is followed, it will cost JDA around Rs 1600 crore. Due to the financial crunch, the authority is not in a position to bear such a huge cost at the moment. So, it will take up only the main roads and the drains of the city and where existing drains are blocked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12002936", "title": "Communal forces behind my arrest, says Trajano", "text": "PANAJI: Independent candidate from Saligao Trajano D'Mello, who was arrested for alleged violation of the election code of conduct on Tuesday, said that communal forces had worked to disrupt his poll campaign and ensure his arrest.\"The projection of the spiritual leaders of my faith, blessing, guiding and inspiring me in my socio-political events in the advertisement released by me, is supposed to have hurt the communal feelings of the officers appointed on the media monitoring committee,\" D'Mello told mediapersons on Wednesday.\"Having great faith in the Election Commission of India, the chief electoral officer and the joint chief electoral officer, I have to state emphatically that officers appointed in crucial positions to run the elections in an unbiased, free and fair manner have exposed the communal blood that runs in them. I appeal to the joint chief electoral officer and the Election Commission of India to take serious view of these happenings,\" D'Mello said.\"My election agent was told to delete all the pictures showing priests. I received a letter from the office of the additional district magistrate and chairman of the media certification and monitoring committee informing me that the committee was of the view that part of the advertisement was of religious nature and thus violated the election model code of conduct. The committee has no right to express their views, but rather they have to follow the law and rule in letter and spirit,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12000976", "title": "Court notice to assembly secy on Vijayakanth\u2019s suspension", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has ordered a notice to the Tamil Nadu assembly secretary on a petition by DMDK chief and opposition leader Vijayakanth who has challenged his 10-day suspension from the House.Justice S Rajeswaran issued the notice on Wednesday. When the matter was taken up for hearing, advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan said there was no illegality in the assembly resolution and the assembly's privileges had been judiciously exercised. After he refused to take notice of the speaker, who is a party in the matter, the court issued notice to the secretary alone.Following acrimonious debates in the assembly on February 1, Vijayakanth was given a 10-day suspension by the privileges committee for his behaviour in the House. Till the suspension period is served, he shall not enjoy any benefit meant for an MLA and opposition leader, he was informed. He was also asked to surrender his official car.Vijayakanth contended that since he had served only three days of the suspension, he had to wait for the next assembly session to serve the remaining seven days. Since it is not known as to when the next session would start, he said he was unable to discharge his responsibilities as MLA of Rishivandhiyam.He said the suspension indirectly punished his electorate, adding that the assembly resolution virtually disqualified him for an uncertain period, besides being deprived of all his benefits and concessions. It is improper and excessive exercise of power if he were to be deprived of these rights till the next assembly session is convened, he said. His senior counsel P S Raman wanted the court to declare the impugned resolution as unconstitutional and illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "11999603", "title": "Villagers plan stir against paper mill near Punjab Pollution Control Board", "text": "PATIALA: The Punjab Pollution Control Board (PPCB) never misses any chance to claim efforts to contain pollution, but its failure to take action against a paper mill, located at just 12 km away from its state head office, seems to have exposed its claims.Fed up with the failure of concerned authorities, the affected villagers have fixed February 25 as deadline for the closure of factory. Villagers have also announced indefinite demonstration in front of state head office of PPCB from February 27, if authorities failed to take immediate action.Residents of Kallar Bhaini, Khusropur, Main, Ramgarh and some other villages have allegedly been suffering without any of their fault for the last two-three months as fly ash from a paper mill, located near Main village, has been creating serious problems for them. There is no arrangement to control fly ash emanating from the factory. The discharge heavier at night, they said.The fly ash not only turns vegetation in surrounding villages ashen, it also creates serious problems for asthma patients in these villages. \"For the last three months, I have been facing serious breathing problems in the night due to fly ash,\" said an aged Kulwant Singh from Khusropur.Residents have alleged that their repeated complaints and meetings with concerned authorities have failed to move PPCB authorities. The fly ash has made their vegetables unfit for consumption and they have to purchase vegetables from markets as children have refused to eat home-grown vegetables due to the fly ash content.\"PPCB authorities have been conducting raids in other big cities. But why they are not taking any action against this unit, no one knows. We would start indefinite demonstration from February 27 if there is no action against the unit,\" said Parmjit Saholi, who led a delegation to PPCB office on Tuesday.The factory authorities refused to speak when contacted for their comments while deputy director of PPCB, Charanjit Singh, confirmed that they have received complaints from villagers. \"We will take appropriate action at the earliest,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11988060", "title": "Kareena pips Kat to bag KJo-Balaji film", "text": "In December last year, Karan Johar and Ekta Kapoor , the filmmakers who are also best friends, had announced their co-production venture. However, the leading lady for the ambitious project remained undecided. Reportedly, Kareena Kapoor and Katrina Kaif were both being considered for the project. And now, Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Bebo has won the battle.Kareena, who had reportedly opted out of two major projects - Rohit Shetty's Chennai Express and Milan Luthria's Once upon A Time In Mumbaai Part 2 recently, surely had bigger plans up her sleeve. A source close to the film told the newspaper, \"Kareena has bagged a very big role in this film. Currently, she is Karan's favourite. He was very happy with her performance in Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu, directed by Shakun Batra.\"In fact, Karan and Ekta have apparently had plans to work together for a very long time. The film that has finally realised their dream will be directed by newbie Akshay Roy. It will go on floors by December, this year.Karan and Ekta, who have been meeting rather frequently to discuss the film, plan to finish the casting of their co-production by the end of this month.Our source revealed, \"Both Balaji and Dharma are considering Emraan Hashmi for the male lead. In fact, Emraan has recently signed his first Dharma production to be directed by Rensil D'Silva.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11999555", "title": "Snow proves heavy for power lines in Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: Heavy snow during the winter season this year may have brought smiles on the faces of apple growers and people in the tourism industry seeing good economic benefits from it, but it has left the state electricity department worried due to heavy damage caused to power transmission lines. Officials estimate that heavy snowfall caused a loss to the state to the tune of Rs 30 crore, which is six times more than normal weather related loss. What has left the authorities surprised is the fact that in comparison to snow-bound areas, damage has been more in lower areas where it snowed for the first time in decades.Authorities claimed that power supply system has been restored in almost the whole state, but people living in snowbound villages of Holi and Bharmour sub-divisions of Chamba district are still facing the brunt of unprecedented snow and transmission system there is yet to be restored. People residing in these areas are yet to get proper power supply and are forced to depend on kerosene lamps.Himachal Pradesh State Electricity Board chairman-cum-managing director R D Dhiman said that snow has left 3,500 poles and 50 transformers besides low tension and high tension transmission lines damaged throughout the state. \"Loss calculated so far is around Rs 30 crore,\" he said.Dhiman added that damage to transmission lines in Chamba, Kangra, Mandi and Kullu districts besides Rohru and Chopal areas of Shimla is not new. \"But areas like Dehra, Amb, Nurpur and Jawali, where it snowed for the first time, too have suffered maximum damage as wooden and concrete electric poles could not stand to the extreme cold,\" he said.Snow also left electric conductors on 200 km of transmission lines across the state damaged. \"In the past, loss during winter season remained between Rs 5 and 6 crore, but this time it has broken all previous records,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11998258", "title": "Bihar boasts of 14.8% growth in 2010-11", "text": "PATNA: Bihar accelerated its growth rate to 14.8% in 2010-11 but still continued to be at the bottom of the pecking order in terms of per capita income in the country.This was the highlight of the Economic Survey 2011-12, which was tabled in the state legislature on Wednesday by deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , who also holds the finance portfolio. The state's economy grew at an annual rate of 11.36% between 2004-05 and 2010-11, riding on substantially higher public investment.Yet, the state's per capita income at current prices stood at Rs 16,592 during 2011-12, which was nowhere near the national average of Rs 46,492. \"The momentum of the growth has to be sustained for several years to close the gap between Bihar and the national average,\" said Modi.Highlighting the results of the governance and fiscal management, he said the revenue surplus of state increased from Rs 2,498 crore in 2006-07 to Rs 6,272 crore in 2011-12. The capital outlay increased steadily from Rs 5,211 crore to Rs 11,448 crore during this period while development expenditure on social and economic services increased from Rs 17,000 crore to about Rs 43,000 crore. \"The gross fiscal deficit has been 2.43% in the budget estimates of 2011-12, which is lower than the 3% limit fixed under the Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management Act,\" the deputy CM said.Modi said between 2004-05 and 2010-11, the sectors reporting a growth rate of more than 15% were manufacturing (23.30%), construction (19.61%), communications (27.23%) and trade, hotels and restaurants (20.22%).The survey report indicated a phenomenal fivefold increase in registration of new vehicles from 80,000 during 2005-06 to 3.87 lakh during 2010-11. Similarly, the number of mobile phone connections in the state increased to 4.48 crore in 2010-11 compared to 42.14 lakh in 2005-06.The report also highlighted steady upward trend in per capita development expenditure (PCDE) during 2001-02 to 2010-11. From Rs 930 in 2001-02, the PCDE went up to Rs 3,467 in 2010-11, implying an annual growth rate of 17%. During the period, the country's PCDE grew at an annual rate of 13.6%. \"The share of social sector spending in the total budget of Bihar increased from 18.9% in 2001-02 to 31.9% in 2010-11,\" Modi said.\"There are, in all, 36 large-scale units in Bihar besides six such units under the central sector. A total of 1.89 lakh medium, small and micro units were set up in the state till December 2011, an increase of around 60% over the year 2000. The highest increase of about 62% was noticeable in tiny and micro sector followed by 58% in artisan-based units. The State Investment Promotion Board has approved 603 proposals till date involving an investment of over Rs 2.48 lakh crore and employment to 1.85 lakh persons,\" the report said.On the power front, however, the situation remains critical. Bihar has the lowest annual per capita consumption of electricity at 122.11 kWh against the national average of 778.71 kWh. Up to January last, a total of 17,363 villages and 19.67 lakh BPL families were connected to the grid under the Rajiv Gandhi Rural Electrification Scheme, the report said.BOOM CONTINUESGrowth rate: 14.8%Per capita income: Rs 16592Mobile phone connections: 4.48 croreVehicles registered: 3.87 lakhLiteracy rate: 63.8%Road length increase: 119%Villages electrified: 17,363", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12000936", "title": "HC seeks fresh report from Khurda collector", "text": "CUTTACK: The Orissa high court on Wednesday refused to accept the affidavit filed by the deputy collector of Khurda furnishing status report of the alleged spurious liquor tragedy that claimed 36 lives in Cuttack and Bhubaneswar.The division bench of ChiefJustice V Gopala Gowda and Justice B N Mohapatra objected to filling of the affidavit by the deputy collector and directed the collector of Khurda to submit the affidavit within February 24.Notably, the high court had asked both the collectors of Cuttack and Khurda to file status report on the incident, but instead of the collector, the deputy collector of Khurda had filed the affidavit.In a related matter, a PIL was filed by a Balangir-based NGO, Abirbhav, last year to check the sell of spurious liquor in the state. Adjudicating the PIL, the high court had directed the then state excise commissioner to take appropriate action to check the ill practice in the state. The petitioner had recently filed a contempt petition against thethen excise commissioner citing that the court's order was not implemented properly. \"Taking note of the contempt petition, the high court has directed the then excise commissioner Sudarshan Nayak to reply to the allegations within a week,\" said Ashis Mishra, the petitioner's counsel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12002703", "title": "MD student commits suicide at BHU", "text": "VARANASI: A second-year MD student of anaesthesia department at Banaras Hindu University (BHU) committed suicide in his hostel room on Wednesday. The deceased was identified as Sumit Garg. His body was found lying on the bed of his room number 52 at New Doctors' PG Hostel on the varsity campus. He was a native of Sonepat (Haryana) and had joined the MD programme in BHU in 2010.SP (city) M S Chauhan said it appeared that the student died due to overdose of anaesthetic drugs. Some syringes and drugs (sedatives) were also recovered from his hostel room. No suicide note was found in the room, but hostel inmates and Sumit's relatives hinted that he was suffering from depression, Chauhan said.Lanka station officer A K Misra said that Sumit had recently shifted from Saket Nagar Colony where he was living with his mother. The door of the hostel room was closed from inside and police had to enter the room from the backside. He had some psycho problems and being a student of anaesthesia, he must have been aware of the quantity of anaesthetic drugs he was taking and the impact it could have on his body, said Mishra. The body was sent for postmortem. Sumit's father Dr Sunil Garg also rushed to the city after hearing the news of his son's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "etawah/kanpur", "code": "12002695", "title": "An acid test for Yadav clan in Etawah", "text": "Etawah/KANPUR: Etawah's one election which Yadav patriarch Mulayam Singh Yadav could not afford to take lightly. Checkmated on his home turf in the 2009 by-elections when his arch rival Mayawati wrested two of the three assembly seats from the Samajwadi Party , the Yadav trio of Mulayam, brother Shivpal and son Akhilesh are eager to salvage their pride in 2012.In the 2007 Assembly elections, the SP had won three of the four constituencies in Etawah district: Etawah Sadar, Bharthana (where SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav contested and won) and Jaswantnagar. The fourth, Lakhna, then a reserved constituency, was won by Mayawati's Bahujan Samaj Party. Lakhna has now lost its existence after being scrapped in the delimitation exercise.Meanwhile, a lot of water has flown down the Yamuna. As the equation stands drastically altered post-delimitation, Etawah goes to the hustings in 2012 with only three seats, two of which, Etawah Sadar and Mulayam's Bharthana (which fell vacant after he was elected to the Lok Sabha) were wrested by the BSP in the 2009 by-polls. Only Jaswantnagar, represented by Shivpal Singh Yadav, remains with the SP as far as Etawah is concerned.Like elsewhere in the state, a strong anti-incumbency wave is sweeping this rugged but picturesque land too as the region has seen practically no development under the BSP rule. \"Even the four big projects worth over Rs 10 billion launched under the SP rule are yet to see the light of the day,\" said Abhigyan Shukla, a local businessman. Seconding his opinion, another businessman, Radheyshyam Gupta, said that \"though Maya fared well on the law and order front, during Netaji's (Mulayam) rule, there was development and stability. \"Perhaps the wily Yadav chieftain has sensed the mood. Both the SP supremo and Akhilesh are now trying to re-connect emotionally with the voters, particularly in the Etawah Sadar and Bharthana assembly constituencies, to ensure a comeback in their hometown. During his campaign tour in Etawah on Sunday, Mulayam began his speech on a very emotional note at nearly a dozen-odd public meeting that he addressed.\"It's your responsibility not only to protect Etawah but make it stronger as this is my 'karmabhoomi' that I represent in Parliament, says our leader Mulayam Singh ji. Besides, he is also trying to convey the message to the party that Akhilesh is the new leader of the SP and the party is contesting the Assembly elections under his young leadership,\" said Ishwar Shakya, an SP worker.Apart from having failed to win a single Assembly seat, the two SP strongholds of Bharthana and Etawah had also slipped out of the party's grip in the 2009 by-polls. As both went in the BSP kitty, political pundits had cited the SP debacle as desertion by Muslim voters following SP chief's proximity with Kalyan Singh. Now, in an effort to win back this segment, Mulayam first got Shahi Imam of Jama Masjid, Syed Ahmed Bukhari, to bat for him and later also tried to hijack Congress party's theme of Muslim quota, in the face of determined bid by Congress scion Rahul Gandhi to woo the Muslims.SP's efforts to win back its citadel could be gauged from the fact that besides wooing the Muslim voters, the SP is also trying to make inroads among the Dalit vote bank. \"For the first time, Shivpal has been doing rounds of Dalit-dominated areas in Jaswantnagar to seek their support. He does not want the segment to alter his calculations as the Congress and the BSP too are clamouring for the Dalit votes,\" said a local SP supporter Rajesh Chauhan. Shivpal, meanwhile, is quite \"elated\" at the support he is getting from the Dalit voters.However, Shivpal's opponent and BSP candidate Manish Yadav sees this change in strategy as an indication of the \"panic\" in the SP camp. \"This changed approach of Shivpal is an indication of the fact that he has now understood that the Dalits have sensed a taste of empowerment during the BSP rule. Dalits are not going to vote for any other party,\" said Jaswantnagar BSP candidate Manish Yadav. Similar are the views of Ajay Yadav of the Congress who claims that \"Congress leader Rahul Gandhi's effort to reach out to the Dalits in UP would yield good results for the party\". BJP has pitted Rakesh Pal on the seat.The SP, however, is also worried by the \"revolt\" in Shivpal's fort which could adversely affect his prospects. SP rebel Manish Yadav is challenging him on a BSP ticket. \"My sole motive is to put an end to the dynastic rule of Mulayam Singh Yadav, besides bring the area on development plank,\" said Manish Yadav while talking to TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11998702", "title": "Rs 17 lakh looted from ATM in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: Some unidentified persons broke open an ATM machine on Tuesday night here and decamped with Rs 17 lakh. The police have launched a massive hunt for them. \"We have roped in an FSL team to collect finger prints and other evidences from the spot,\" ADCP Jyoti Swaroop Sharma said.Some unidentified persons barged into an ATM of SBBJ Bank in Banar area around midnight. \"They had the necessary equipment and were able to cut open the machine's currency chamber with an electric hand-cutter,\" Sharma said.According to a bank official, who rushed to the spot with police after the incident came to light on Wednesday morning, notes worth Rs 17.02 lakh were in the machine and the looters took away the entire amount.The looters cut the electric supply of the ATM before entering it to avoid being caught on the close circuit camera installed in counter. They took advantage of the absence of any guard. There are about 40 ATMs of SBBJ Bank across the city, all of them without any guard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12002671", "title": "Two Mukhtar Ansari gang members arrested", "text": "VARANASI: The Varanasi field unit of special task force (STF) nabbed two members of mafia don-turned-politician Mukhtar Ansari gang from Chhattisgarh and handed over to Azamgarh police on Tuesday night. According to ASP (STF) Santosh Singh, on getting inputs that Pankaj Yadav of Mau district was operating the gang activities of Mukhtar by staying at Korba in Chhattisgarh, SSP (STF) Vijay Prakash had alerted the Varanasi unit. On the instructions of Prakash, a team of STF officials was constituted which raided the Pankaj's hideout at Korba. The cops nabbed Pankaj and his close aide Shashikant Giri alias Puttal.Singh said that the state police had announced a cash reward of Rs 50,000 on Pankaj against whom 16 cases including of murder, Arms Act and Gangster Act were lodged. Shashikant was also wanted for his involvement in 14 criminal cases.The ASP (STF) said that the last time when Pankaj's name had come to light in the state, he had killed Ram Singh Maurya, the witness in famous Manna Singh murder case in Mau, and his shadow constable Satish Kumar in Mau district in March 2010. After a month of this incident, Pankaj had opened fire on two Bihar police constables in which one constable Amarnath Singh was killed and his service pistol was looted. The same pistol was recovered from Kali Pasi when he was eliminated during an exchange of fire with police in May 2010.Singh said that during interrogation, Pankaj and Shashikant confessed to their involvement in many other murder cases. He said that Pankaj was recruiting new criminals in Ansari's gang to commit crimes like contract killing, loot and issuing threats to extort money. After producing before the Korba police, they were taken to Azamgarh district and handed over to Kotwali police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12000332", "title": "Poor capacity stalls power purchase", "text": "Power-hungry Tamil Nadu is gearing up to shop for electricity, but the state faces another problem - poor transmission network between the southern and northern grids - that hampers its ability to distribute the power it purchases. Tamil Nadu has blamed the Union government for not taking serious steps to upgrade transmission facilities that would bring power to the state.\"The infrastructure facilities should have been improved a decade ago. All the states have power problems. We have been repeatedly urging the Centre to take the necessary steps. The issue was even addressed during the power ministers' conference organized by the Union government,\" said state electricity minister Natham R Vishwanathan.Over the last four months, Tamil Nadu has been purchasing 500MW of power per day from Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Ltd (GUVNL). But the state has not been able to transmit all the purchased power due to poor capacity of the transmission lines of the central grid.\"The transmission capacity between the northern and souther n g rid is only 2,000MW. All the four states in the south, besides the Union territory of Puducherry, are facing an acute power situation. So we are receiving only 235MW of electricity a day from Gujarat,\" Viswanathan told TOI. Tamil Nadu has purchased power at the rate of 4.50 per unit.The state is also purchasing 100MW a day from private players on long-term agreements. \"Though we plan to buy 500MW from northern states, we have no facility to transmit the power due to poor infrastructure,\" say power managers in the state. The minister, however, claimed there was some good news too with the power situation in the state set to improve from the second week of May. \"We will get 300 MW in March and 300 MW in May. Besides, we will get 600 MW from the Vallur Thermal power plant from June and 600 MW more power from August from the North Chennai Thermal power plant,\" the minister said.Tamil Nadu, he asserted, would be power surplus in 2014. \"Under Amma's visionary rule, the power crisis would be resolved soon. There will be no power cut in 2013 and we would have surplus power in 2014,\" he said. Sources in the secretariat said chief minister J Jayalalithaa has given her full attention to the power issue. \"She has instructed the finance department to arrange for more funds to purchase power from other sources,\" a senior official said.Pulling Out All The StopsDuring the last four months, TN has been buying 500MW of electricity per day from Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam However, the state has been able to use only 235MW per day due to poor infrastructure The transmission network between the northern and southern grids is clogged. It can transmit only 2,000MW of electricityPower deficit :3,500 - 4,000MWNo. of private power producers:20Power generated by private players:800MWPower bought last year:1,500 - 2,000MWAmount TNEB owes to state power suppliers:10,000 crWith a series of power plants to be commissioned, TN is hoping for brighter days aheadMettur: 600MW(300MW in March and 300MW in May)Vallur: 600MW in JuneNorth CHENNAI: 600MW in AugustWind Energy: 3,000MW from May", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12002075", "title": "Teachers likely to end stir today", "text": "DHARWAD: The agitation by the teachers of unaided private Kannada medium schools seeking release of funds under grant-in-aid scheme is likely to be called off on Thursday as the state government has issued orders on Wednesday night lifting the ban on release of funds as an economy measure.According to highly placed sources, finance secretary Anilkumar Jha on Wednesday issued orders lifting the ban on release of funds and has sent it to the principle secretary, department of public instruction for further action.The finance department's order said that the government had withdrawn the ban paving way for the payment of salaries under grant-in-aid scheme to schools started before 1994-95 as promised by the government. BJP MLC Mohan Limbikai said principle secretary, public instruction G Kumar Nayak who is in Delhi will return to Bangalore on Thursday morning and issue another GO announcing that funds will be released to eligible schools. Teachers who had embarked on a padayatra to Bangalore on Wednesday under the leadership of MLC and former minister Basavaraj Horatti are expected to call off their stir on Thursday after getting a copy of the GO.Horatti told The Times of India that the yatra will be called off if the government issued order releasing the grants during the course of the yatra. \"We will call off the yatra once we get the copy of the order releasing grants to all the 800 schools that are waiting for funds. We are not politicizing the issue as claimed by Minister Vishweshwar Hegde Kageri. Let him release the salary to all the teachers and take credit for helping them. I have no political agenda in this issue\" Horatti said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12002579", "title": "Soon, vocational subject a must in stds IX, X", "text": "PUNE: Students passing the secondary school certificate (SSC, std X) exam will get two certificates from the 2012-13 academic year - one for passing the SSC and the second for acquiring vocational training.The state government plans to introduce vocational training as a compulsory subject for stds IX and X in the coming academic year. Speaking to TOI on Wednesday, state school education minister Rajendra Darda said that many students drop out after completing the SSC. The course will equip such students with the required skills to opt for work.Darda said, \"The vocational subject to be introduced for stds IX and X in SSC schools will be as per the Prime Minister's National Skill Development Mission, which aims at creating a strong skilled workforce by 2022. We are in the process of making a draft of various sectors that could be introduced in the subject.\"He further said, \"The step has been taken to meet the increasing market demand for students with not only academic knowledge, but also vocational training. It will also help reduce the drop-out rate among needy students.\"The focus will be on sectors like automobile, infrastructure, real estate, physical education, textile and healthcare. \"The demand for skilled workers is very high in the state. With Maharashtra being an industrial hub, it is necessary to produce the largest number of skilled workers here,\" Darda added.Rajani Kale, principal of a civic school in Koregaon Park, said, \"Most of the students in our school come from very low income groups. Many of them drop out of school even before completing SSC, because their parents take them to work at construction sites or wherever they are employed. If such students are taught skills at school, it will be advantageous for them. It will motivate them to continue with education, especially since they will also get a certificate for vocational training. It will definitely benefit such students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12000215", "title": "Tipplers get two hrs more at Tasmac shops", "text": "CHENNAI:Here'ssome good newsfor tipplers. The timings of the stateowned Tamil Nadu State Marketing Corporation (Tasmac ), the authorised liquor retailers, are likely to be extended by two hours in a move apparently aimed at increasing revenue for the government. Tasmac outlets, which now open at 10am and close at 10pm, will open at 9am and close at 11pm.\"It has been approved in principle. The required orders will be issuedin fewdays,\" sourcesin Tasmac said. They added that barring Chennai, Tasmac outlets in districts like Trichy and Tirupur had started opening by 9am from Wednesday.In 2010-11, sales of liquor in Tamil Nadu touched 14,965.42 crore. \"This year, the government has set a target of 18,000 crore, sources said adding that the government had increased liquor prices last year. Until July 2007, Tasmac shops were open from 8am to midnight. The DMK government then revised timings from 10am to 11pm before further curtailing the timing by an hour from January 1, 2009. There are 6,690 Tasmac retail shops in the state, of which 3,562 are in the urban areas and 3,128 in the rural areas. There are more than 4,000 bars attached to Tasmac retail shops. In a move targeted at high-end tipplers, Tasmac had earlier proposed \"elite\" outlets at malls and commercial complexes in select cities offering premium Indian Made Foreign Liquor brands. About 200 such shops were to be set up over five years from 2011. Recently, in response to a public interest writ petition, the Madras high court issued notice to the government, seeking its response on opening \"elite\" shops. The state government is awaiting a court order on this.The government also proposedto implement a rule that would ensure that all pubs, clubs, bars and hotels across the state purchased imported liquor only through Tasmac. This was to fetch the state a revenue of more than 500 crore per year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11999102", "title": "Businessman murdered", "text": "KOLKATA: A businessman, who was missing since Monday evening, was found dead beside a canal in Kheyada, Sonarpur, on the southern fringes of the city the next day.Nisith Jaiswal, 57, was beaten up and strangled, say police. They feel that his murder and the disappearance of a Pakhtun national, Isha alias Musha Khan, a month ago are linked. Jaiswal and Khan were friends and they were both money-lenders. They disappeared from the same area of Chandni Chowk.Nisith was a resident of Temple Street in the Chandni area and owned three shops in New Market and one in Kidderpore's Five-Star market. He had given out all on lease.He left home around 5.30pm on Monday, with Rs 4000 in his pocket. Curiously, he did not take his bike or car but was seen boarding a taxi. Around 7.15pm, Jaiswal called an aide and asked him to hand over a bag containing Rs 2.25 lakh to Rajib, owner of an orchestra. At 7.30pm, the aide called him back to say the job was done. Jaiswal told him that he was at Jadavpur and would be late reaching home, say police.But he did not return home. His daughter called him but he did not take it. \"I even left a voice message,\" she said. The next morning, Jaiswal's brother Deepak lodged a complaint at Bowbazar police station.Meanwhile, Jaiswal's wallet was found floating in a lake near Patuli fire station. It was empty but for Jaiswal's driving licence, contact number and a broken memory card of a digital camera. Hours later, his body was found in Kheyada, some 10-12 km from Patuli. It was initially listed as unidentified but on Tuesday, Jaiswal's brother Deepak and son-in-law Amit identified it at the Mominpur morgue.Police say Jaiswal used to lend money to orchestra managers who held shows in Kolkata bars. Some months ago, a Kidderpore resident had borrowed Rs 10 lakh from him. An orchestra manager of a bar on SN Banerjee Road acted as the middleman for the deal. Police suspect that the money lending trade may be connected to Jaiswal's murder as Isha Khan, 37, is still missing from the Chandni area. He was a resident of Moti Seal Street and was close to Jaiswal.Khan was last seen in front of E-Mall on Central Avenue at 5pm on January 23. When friends and relatives called him, his cellphone rang but no one answered. A complaint was lodged at Bowbazar police station that evening. Police found that his cell phone was in the Chandni area till 3pm on January 23. Then it was switched off. The Pakhtun is still missing.Monday evening and he was found murdered the next morning beside a canal at Kheyada near Sonarpur. Initially, the body remained unidentified. Later, on Wednesday morning, Jaiswal's family identified the body in the Mominpur morgue as that of Nisith. Interestingly, Kolkata Police has now handed the murder case to Sonarpur police station though it had begun the probe after the trader went missing.team which performs at Swastik bar on Moti Seal StreetAround 7.30 pm, Rajib had sent his aide Chotka to collect the money. After handing over the cash, the employee called up Jaiswal to inform that he had done as told. \"Jaiswal told the employee that he was at Jadavpur and would return home late,\" said police after speaking to the youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12002770", "title": "Monitor foreigners who stay too long in India: HC", "text": "KOCHI: Continued residence of foreigners in the country should be taken seriously and the Centre should take proper steps to be monitored,their activities, the Kerala high court observed on Wednesday. While considering a petition by British-born Israeli writer, Susan Nathan (63), challenging a deportation order, justice S Siri Jagan observed that continued residence of foreigners in India should be viewed with seriousness. as incidents involving such foreigners are increasing.In these circumstances, the activities of foreigners who are staying in India continuously should be closely monitored by the central government in view of the threat involved, the court observed on Wednesday.Susan Nathan, who had been staying in Kozhikode, challenged the 'Quit India' order issued by the district collector at the high court. After noticing that the districtcollector and other authorities failed to implement the deportation order even after the high court turned down the plea for a stay, the court ordered that activities of foreigners who continued residence in the country should be scrutinized.The 'Quit India' notice was served on the writer, a British-born Jew,after police reported that her activities are suspicious as she arrived on a visa that stated her purpose of visit as medical reasons while she was engaged in writing books and other activities. Based on the police report that termed her activities as \"suspicious\", district collector of Kozhikode had ordered her deportation.When the writer challenged this at the high court, the court admitted a petition on April 1 last year and issued notices to the centre and state, but declined to issue a stay on the deportation order. The observation by the court on Wednesday was after noticing that the district collector didn't implement the 'Quit India' order although the court didn't stay its execution.In the petition at the high court, The writer had stated that she had already moved applications to get resident permit and therefore should be allowed to continue her stay, despite the expiration of her visa on September 16, 2010.Susan, who had migrated to Israel from England in 1999, at the age of 50, after the break-up of her marriage, to make \"aliyah\" - Hebrew term for \"ascending\" used by those who migrate to Israel under the Law of Return. She later stated the neglect and oppression faced by Israel's Arab population through her book 'Other Side of Israel'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11998893", "title": "Dip in mercury may see 25% slide in grape exports", "text": "NASHIK: The export of table grapes from Nashik district in the current grape season is likely to decline by 25 per cent to 22,000 tonne as compared to the export figures projected earlier for this year's season. This is due to the sudden drop in minimum temperature in the district as seen on February 9.The severe cold has affected Nashik's vineyards. Incidentally, export from Nashik district has already begun and around 148 containers (1,776 tonne) have been exported so far.Each container holds 12 tonne of the fruit. The grape season usually is from January to April. On February 9, Nashik city had recorded minimum temperature of 2.7 degree Celsius, while in Niphad taluka (which is the most irrigated part of the district) it was 0.2 degree Celsius.Around 1,500 hectares of vineyards, including those registered for export, were affected in the district. As a result, grapes export, which was projected earlier of 30,000 tonne, is likely to decline by 25 per cent to 22,000 tonne.\"Earlier, we had projected grape export of 30,000 tonne from Nashik district. But due to sudden drop in the temperature, the target is likely to decline by 25 per cent to 22,000 tonne,\" Jagannath Khapre, President, Grapes Exporters Association of India (GEAI), told TOI.When contacted, a senior agriculture officer, who did not want to be named, said, \"The grape export is likely to be affected to some extent due sudden drop in the temperature in the second week of February. The grape export from Nashik district in the current season is expected at around 22,000 tonnes. Export from Nashik district has already begun. So far, 148 containers of grapes (1,776 tonne) have been exported to UK (33 containers), Holland (24) Sweden (13), Thailand (57), Vietnam (8), Indonesia (3), Sri Lanka (2), Cambodia (4) and one container each to Singapore, Malaysia, Egypt, and Hong Kong.\"Maharashtra contributes 90 per cent to the country's total export.Around 75% of table grapes exported from Maharashtra are from Nashik district, which is known for producing table grapes.Nashik district is registering continuous growth in exports of grapes, every year. In the last nine years, Nashik's grape exports have increased seven-fold from 3,775.37 tonne (2002) to 35,671 tonne (2010).In 2011, grape exports declined by 58 per cent to 15,000 tonne following unseasonal rains affecting vine-yards badly.Around 15,499 vineyards the total area for which is 10,600 hectares), have been registered for grape export by the office of the District Agriculture Supperintendent Officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12003824", "title": "Doctor ends life", "text": "AKOLA: Noted medical practitioner Dr Dinkar Rindhe at Sakharkherda in Buldhana district committed suicide by hanging himself to death to a tree near Koradi river at Mohadi village on Tuesday. After examining his patients, he purchased a nylon rope from a nearby shop and told his family that he was going to his field, where he committed suicide. The reason behind the suicide is yet to be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "12002107", "title": "Case registered against gynaec for negligence", "text": "CHITRADURGA: A complaint has been filed against a gynaecologist for ill-treating a pregnant woman. J Mahantesh, an advocate, has filed a complaint against the gynecologist of a private nursing home alleging ill treatment of a pregnant woman and inflicting injuries on the newborn, here on Tuesday. According to city police and the advocate Hemavati, wife of Rajappa, belonging to Kelaginakote was admitted to Krishna hospital in the morning of February16 for delivery. Following labour pains, she was taken inside the labour room.Dr Archana and two nurses who were attending to her allegedly asked her to vacate the bed when another woman from an influential family too came there for delivery. When Hemavati resisted, the trio allegedly slapped her and removed her forcibly. Hemavati was forced to wait outside till the other woman had her baby, the advocate claims. The baby was delivered by forceps damaging her brain, he alleged. The infant has been shifted to Basaveswara Medical College hospital and is on the ventilator. The infant was brought in a critical condition to the hospital and has been diagnosed with cerebral oedema, said Suresh Babu, head of pediatric department and attending on the baby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11998476", "title": "Brace for early summer this year", "text": "JAIPUR: Heavy dust storms and rising temperatures are an indication that the summer has finally arrived in the state. Though the met office is yet to make an official statement, department officials said that there is an abnormal rise in day and night temperatures creating 'summer' like conditions.Before the heavy dust storm that lashed the city in the afternoon, people had woken up to a comparatively warmer morning as Pink City received a minimum temperature of 17.5 degree Celsius, almost five degrees above the normal maximum temperature. The afternoon was no different as the maximum temperature shot up to 30.7 degree accompanied with a humidity level of 75% forcing people shed their warm clothes.Attributing the climatic pattern to western disturbances, the Jaipur met office said that the prevailing condition is likely to continue and a rise in the maximum and minimum temperature is expected in the coming days.The rising mercury made places like Mount Abu and Sriganganagar warmer as they recorded a minimum temperature of 9.0 and 10.6 degree Celsius respectively. In the day time, the average maximum temperature of 33.0 degree Celsius suggested that the summer has almost settled in.Chittorgarh remained the hottest in the state as it recorded a maximum temperature of 33.7 degree Celsius and was followed by Kota that recorded a maximum temperature of 31.5 degree Celsius, Udaipur 31.4 degree Celsius, Vanasthali 31.3 degree Celsius, Ajmer 30.2 degree Celsius, Barmer 29.6 degree Celsius, Pilani 28.7 degree Celsius, Jodhpur 28.6 degree Celsius and Bikaner 27.0 degree Celsius.The met office did not forecast any dip in the mercury in next 48 hours and said that the weather in the state will remain dry and mercury would continue to take an upward swing. The maximum and minimum temperature in Jaipur would be around 34.0 degree Celsius and 18.0 degree Celsius respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001793", "title": "Vulture egg \u2018breaks\u2019 all hopes", "text": "HYDERABAD: Dashing long-awaited hopes of breeding, the egg laid by a white-backed vulture a fortnight ago at the Nehru Zoological Park fell from the nest and smashed to the ground. The male vulture, in a bid to readjust the nest pulled out a few twigs which led to the egg falling down, zoo officials said. This was captured by the CCTV cameras installed at the breeding centre.The egg was crucial for the centre that became operational about a year-andhalf ago, four years after it was announced, to initiate captive breeding of the endangered birds. The scavenging birds have been almost wiped out in India in the past 10-15 years due to a drug called Diclofenac, used as a pain-killer in humans and animals.The Parsi community that places its dead in the `Tower of Silence' to be consumed by these scavenging birds has been the worst effected. Zoo officials said the egg fell down within a couple of days after it was laid. \"Both were incubating it but on the day of the incident, the female went a few metres away to have its feed and in the meantime, the male vulture pulled out some twigs from the nest and the egg fell down,\" said Shekhar Reddy, curator (in-charge) of the zoo park.Though experts said that once the first egg is lost, the birds usually lay a second one but zoo officials said that another egg was not laid.The captive breeding centre in zoo park is among the two such establishments set up by the Centre, including the one at Pinjore in Haryana.The centre in Hyderabad, currently operating in collaboration with the Centre for Cellular and Micro Biology (CCMB), has two male and three female vultures aged over 20 years. Officials said the breeding is likely to begin again in the next season starting October. They said that this was the first time the egg was laid in the centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12002500", "title": "Sugar recovery rate goes up", "text": "PUNE: Sugar factories in the state have crushed 528.08 lakh tonne sugarcane to produce 59.3 lakh tonne sugar so far this season. The recovery rate of 11.23% is higher by 0.36% compared to corresponding figures of previous crushing season. Maharashtra had produced 51.72 lakh tonne sugar in the same period last season.\"About 300 lakh tonne sugarcane is still remaining, which would be crushed by the 169 cooperative and private sugar factories in the state,\" Ajit Chaugule, acting managing director of the Maharashtra state federation of cooperative sugar factories ltd (Sakhar Sangh), told TOI.Maharashtra has maintained its status of being the highest sugar producing state in the country. Out of the 161.3 lakh tonne sugar produced in the country in the current crushing season, the state's contribution was 59.3 lakh tonne - a share of 35%, Chaugule said.Uttar Pradesh has produced 45.18 lakh tonne, while Karnataka has produced 25.25 lakh tonne so far. Other nine sugarcane cultivating states have single-digit sugar production figures, he added.Within the state, Kolhapur division maintained its position with the highest recovery rate. Till Wednesday, the division has reported 12.23% recovery, while Pune division topped in terms of highest production with 21.38 lakh tonne sugar production. The recovery rate for Pune division is 11.13%.In the corresponding period of the previous crushing season, 161 sugar factories had crushed 475.68 lakh tonne sugarcane and produced 51.72 lakh tonne sugar with an average recovery rate of 10.87%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001524", "title": "Verify facts, then point finger: CM to Chandrababu", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and R&B; minister Dharmana Prasada Rao on Wednesday lashed out at opposition leader N Chandrababu Naidu over the TDP president's allegation that Rao had forcibly cancelled an examination centre at the Srikakulam government degree college for his son's wedding reception last week.Naidu demanded that Rao resign after he held him responsible for the death of a woman candidate's father who met with an accident en route to an examination centre situated more than 100km away from the town.Intervening in the discussion, the CM urged Naidu to refrain from casting aspersions on the minister without first having verified facts. \"It is unfortunate that the leader of opposition has stooped to new levels of indecency. How can a former CM resort to this kind of propaganda without verifying facts?\" the CM asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12002628", "title": "2005 blast: Of paralysed lives &amp; equally paralysed probe", "text": "VARANASI: For a young man of 32, lying 24X7 on his bed and reliving past horrors is all that is left of life for the past six years. Rajkumar, one of the survivors of the terrorist attack at Dasaswamedh Ghat on February 23, 2005, lived but got paralysed waist-down.\"As per my routine, I was sitting at Babu Lal's tea kiosk on the fateful day to search for customers for my boat when the blast took place,\" recalled Rajkumar. After a few days to this blast, Rajkumar's family received a compensation amount of Rs 25,000. But, Rajkumar's elderly father Kallu Majhi says: \"Till date, I have spent over Rs 7 lakh to see some improvement in the health condition of Rajkumar. The boy can't move from bed even to go to the toilet, hence catheter is being used permanently.\"Kallu is thankful to his other four sons, who are taking care of Rajkumar without cribbing. But, this family has lost faith in government machinery for its failure to even identify terrorists involved in the blasts.During February 23, 2005 blast, Manoj Kumar Gupta of Naibasti Manduadih, Surjit Kumar Bind of Shivpurva, Ajay Kumar Yadav, Monu of Bhelupur, Bihari Patel of Mirzapur, Shivnath Majhi and Rohit Majhi had lost their lives while nine others, including Rajkumar, and two French tourists had suffered injuries.After the blast the local police continued to claim that it was the explosion of an LPG cylinder. Despite submission of forensic report on March 7, 2005, which established that improvised explosive device containing ammonium nitrate was used in this explosion, the police waited for another serial blasts at Sankat Mochan and Cantonment railway station on March 7, 2006 to add sections like 302, 307, 324, 326, 120 B of IPC and sections of Explosive Act to the Dasaswamedh blast case.If sources are to be believed, in December 2008, the then senior superintendent of police had recommended transferring this case to the Anti-Terror Squad. The recommendation for attaching the probe of this case with Sankat Mochan blast case was also made by the police.However, in April 2009 the circle officer Dasaswamedh submitted a closure report to the SP City, but the latter order a re-probe into the matter. But, perhaps the men-in-khaki were not motivated enough, for a final report was submitted in July 25, 2009 without identifying actual culprits. What was more shocking was to see that no official of police department had any information in which court all the reports or the final report had been submitted.When DIG Ram Kumar was contacted on the eve of anniversary day of this blast, he said: \"Presently I have no information regarding the status of this case.\" The reason could be known by seeing the exercise of his subordinates as well as some lawyers who, despite going through the records of the courts like additional chief judicial magistrate-VIII and chief judicial magistrate, had not succeed in getting the file of February 23, 2005 blast case. Not only this but no record could also be found in the final report register of those courts, added sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11998065", "title": "Kripashankar's wife faces heat as \u2018abettor\u2019 in assets case", "text": "MUMBAI: Malti Devi Singh finds herself in the line of fire, much like her husband Kripashankar Singh.The Bombay High Court has held that the case against Malti Devi is a \"gross case to be charged and tried as an abettor of her husband since the figures of her income and assets as also the made-up expenses show, at least prima facie, a case of ill-gotten wealth\". The observations made in the high court's Wednesday ruling came days after an income tax officer, who called for her income assessment details, found Malti Devi to be \"evasive\" and \"in a denying mode without proper documentary evidence.\"The I-T assessment officer noted that Malti Devi had not filed any returns till notices were issued to her; then, too, she filed returns for 2004-05 only in May 2011. She had declared the total taxable income as nil and agricultural income of Rs 69,000. She filed returns for 2009-10 in May 2011 as well, showing only agricultural income of Rs 1.32 lakh.The I-T assessment report on her purchase of agricultural land at Mauza Kahanpur for Rs 4.17 lakh pointed out that she had failed to explain her source of investment. Though payment for the land was made from her account, the I-T officer said Malti Devi \"resorted to dubious means of explanation for disowning the source of investment\".The high court noted that Malti Devi was shown to have agricultural land at Wada but it was not known when she purchased it nor were any revenue records produced. Malti Devi is shown to have dealings in forward commodities like gold and silver after 2007. How and why she went into such trading had to be investigated, the court said.Malti Devi's assets showed Rs 1.17 crore invested through forward trading, the court said, adding that \"the entire amount was prima facie suspect.\"She is shown to have five plots in her native place without documentary evidence.The high court also wondered why there was no investigation into the amounts shown to have been loaned and received from family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002482", "title": "Shakespeare will always stay in fashion", "text": "Shakespeare is trendy as ever, reports Deepa GahlotEven as the world gets set for the World Shakespeare Festival at the Globe Theatre in a few weeks' time, with 37 plays from all over - two Mumbai groups win the honour of participating.Rajat Kapoor had a packed run of Nothing Like Lear, with Atul Kumar and Vinay Pathak alternating the part of a depressed clown in a 'nothing like Lear' performance of King Lear. Meanwhile Bijon Mondal and his Ranga Theatre is working in a new production of The Midsummer Night's Dream, a Hindi adaptation by Raguveer Sahay titled Pyaar Pe War to open mid-next month. Directed by Bijon who also acts in it, with Pavitra Sarkar, Princyy Sudhakaran, Divya Jagdale, Aarifa Bhinderwala, Priyanka Basu and Aseem Hattangady, the rambunctious comedy is a 'romcom' that also includes a play within a play. The two productions going to the UK from India are Rajat Kapoor's Hindi version of Twelfth Night and Sunil Shanbag's Gujarati All's Well That Ends Well.Coming in to Mumbai from the UK is a group called LondonTalents that does theatre as 'edutainment' for children. The show they are doing in Mumbai, called From Here to There is about building bridges and uses, \"rhythm and vocal play, boxes, cards and the world of imagination\" to introduce children and their parents to their brand of theatre, and follow up every show with a 'freeplay' session that allows kids to explore the materials on their own. According to Jumana Kapadia of London Talents, the response to the shows so far has been \"phenomenal,\" with parents, kids and teachers sending in gushing comments. There are a few more shows to come, and at venues that range from schools to unusual spaces. Children should try to catch it.A peculiar behaviour is being observed among audiences, more pronounced at Prithvi, but prevalent at other theatres, too. Over-enthusiastic people feel the need to cheer and clap at every line that they find funny or appealing. It's not just spontaneous or polite applause to convey appreciation, but loud cymbal-like clapping that drowns out the lines and ruins the performance for others, is unpleasant. At opening shows, maybe it's family and friends trying to be encouraging, but this lunacy seems to have caught on, and now, one can hardly watch a play without relentless noisy interruptions. There is really no need for the audience to make a racket. A play is not a rock concert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11999086", "title": "Tollywood stands by Nusrat", "text": "KOLKATA: While upcoming Tollywood actress Nusrat Jahan spends her days at home, depressed and ill, her colleagues from the film industry have expressed solidarity and have prayed that she be left alone in this crisis. Nusrat is the girlfriend of Kader Khan, the prime accused in the gory car-rape incident of February 6.Nusrat is so shaken that she has cancelled all her shoots and shows and is not answering any calls. Her mother fears for her. The controversy has already put her on a razor's edge. \"At this rate she will turn into a nervous wreck. She needs help and friends around her and we are all by her side. I hope she recovers from her shock and gets back to work,\" said actor Koel Mullick.Most actors and directors felt that Nusrat is being hounded by the media and this is taking a toll on her. \"She has not committed the crime and should be left alone. She is being mentally raped,\" said director Kaushik Ganguly. \"We condemn this and we are with her in her hour of trial.\"Director Srijit Mukherjee said that Nusrat should put the tragedy behind her as best as possible and start concentrating on her career. This will help her relax.\"We must give her some privacy in these testing times. This hue and cry must stop, and no one should drag her name into this controversy. She is extremely upset because someone so close to her has been accused of rape. Her trust is being questioned and she will have to cope with this with her entire being. We should give her time and wait for the truth to come out,\" said actor Sreelekha Mitra.Actor Swastika Mukherjee felt that it is especially unfortunate since Nusrat is new to the industry. \"I feel extremely sorry for her because at her stage, it is extremely important to concentrate on work. Her name is getting dragged into the incident all the time though she has nothing to do with it,\" Swastika said.Rituparna Sengupta , who is out of the city, said: \"It is most unfortunate. As a human being I express my solidarity with the actor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11998276", "title": "2 held for selling fake drugs", "text": "PATNA: Two persons were arrested on Wednesday from Govind Mitra Road on charges of selling fake medicine by the Pirbahore police. The police said the arrested persons are Awadhesh Singh and Sunil Singh, owners of Shiv Shakti Enterprises and R S Pharma, respectively. They were arrested from Beni Madhav Lane, the police said.Body found: The body of a 35-year-old man was found near Patliputra telephone exchange under the Patliputra PS here on Wednesday. It is yet to be identified. A case has been lodged with the police station concerned. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nagapattinam", "code": "11999320", "title": "'Trespassing' Indian fishers face Lankan ire", "text": "NAGAPATTINAM: In yet another incident of violence against fishermen of Tamil Nadu, eight fishermen from Nagapattinam district were brutally attacked by their Sri Lankan counterparts and a boat in which they were sailing was damaged on Tuesday night. All the victims reached the Nagapattinam shore on Wednesday morning.Immediately, all of them were hospitalized in the government hospital in Nagappattinam and are undergoing treatment.An eight-member team of fishermen including M Rajaram (38), K Rajasekar (25), R Sakthivel (35), S Govindaraj (47), K Gurunathan (25), P Vadivel (30) of Keechankuppam, V Vaiyapuri (34) and M Kalaimani (29) of Chinnankudi coastal villages of Akkaraipettai panchayat in Nagapattinam set out for fishing on February 18, 2012, in a mechanised boat belonging to Rajaram. On February, 22, they were fishing in Kodiyakkarai which was 35 nautical miles from the sea shore.It was about 08.30 pm on Tuesday that a gang of 30 Sri Lankan fishermen in six fibre boats were nearing the TN fishermen with iron rods, petrol bombs and other lethal weapons. On seeing them, the Indians realized the danger that they were in. they tried to escape by starting their boat but the Sri Lankans hurled three petrol bombs which went off near their boats. Then they chased them down and surrounded the boat, said Sakthivel, who sustained injuries on his head.Speaking to TOI over phone, he said in no time , they got on to their boat and went on the rampage injuring all the eight fishermen with lethal weapons and iron rods. During the attack, Vaiyapuri and two others had cut injuries. Vaiyapuri had a steep cut on the nose. The Sri Lankans seized their catch, GPS unit, three mobile phones and nets and let them off. The attack went on for about one hour, he added.Sakthivel and Gurunathan, despite sustaining injuries, drove the boat to Nagappattinam shore and reached by 07.00 am. They were taken to the Nagappattinam government hospital and given treatment, he said.On being informed of the incident, the marine police of Nagappattinam registered a case under sections 147, 148, 324, 506(ii), 397 of IPC against the unidentified Sri Lankan fishermen. Since the police were also clueless about the attackers, they said the case would be pending for a long time.Reacting to the issue, K Gunasekaran , assistant director, department of fisheries-marine, Nagappattinam, told TOI that they sent their report about the incident to the government and would soon decide on taking action against the Sri Lankan fishermen.Meanwhile, minister of fisheries K A Jeyapaul visited the fishermen at hospital and consoled them. He also said he would take up the issue with the chief minister of Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12001279", "title": "Autos cannot ply without pre-paid slips from railway station", "text": "BHOPAL: The district administration has barred auto-rickshaws from picking up passengers from the Bhopal Railway station without pre-paid passes. In a directive aimed to relieve the train passengers from the haggling and fleecing by the errant autos the administration has made it clear that no one would be allowed to pick up passengers directly.The administration has made it clear that the license and permits of such errant auto drivers would be confiscated and prosecuted for cancellation.CCTVs would be installed at main railway station to check the flow of traffic and monitor autos.These issues were discussed at a meeting held at the Bhopal Railway Station here on Wednesday. The meeting was attended by the district collector Nikunj Shrivastava, Bhopal DRM Ghanshyam Singh and other senior officers from the railway and police departments.Collector Shrivastava said that cameras would be installed at the main railway station so that illegal activities of suspicious persons could be tracked and action be taken against them.A meeting of auto drivers and Regional Transport Office (RTO) and Weights and Measures Control department would soon be convened to discuss the issue of autos complying with the pre-paid booth norms at the main station. Also they would be instructed to wear uniforms and name tags compulsorily. They would also not be able to pick up and drop passenger from outside the station premises.DRM Singh also took up the issue about encroachment on the roads outside platform no 1 and 5 of Bhopal Railway station. He also said that land would be made available outside platform no 5 for a taxi stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "etawah/kanpur", "code": "11999600", "title": "Litmus test for Yadav clan in Etawah", "text": "ETAWAH/KANPUR: Etawah's one election which Yadav patriarch Mulayam Singh Yadav could not afford to take lightly. Checkmated on his home turf in the 2009 by-elections when his arch rival Mayawati wrested two of the three assembly seats from the Samajwadi Party , the Yadav trio of Mulayam, brother Shivpal and son Akhilesh are eager to salvage their pride in 2012.In the 2007 Assembly elections , the SP had won three of the four constituencies in Etawah district: Etawah Sadar, Bharthana (where SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav contested and won) and Jaswantnagar. The fourth, Lakhna, then a reserved constituency , was won by Mayawati's Bahujan Samaj Party. Lakhna has now lost its existence after being scrapped in the delimitation exercise.Meanwhile, a lot of water has flown down the Yamuna. As the equation stands drastically altered post-delimitation , Etawah goes to the hustings in 2012 with only three seats, two of which, Etawah Sadar and Mulayam's Bharthana (which fell vacant after he was elected to the Lok Sabha) were wrested by the BSP in the 2009 by-polls . Only Jaswantnagar, represented by Shivpal Singh Yadav, remains with the SP as far as Etawah is concerned. Like elsewhere in the state, a strong anti-incumbency wave is sweeping this rugged but picturesque land too as the region has seen practically no development under the BSP rule. \"Even the four big projects worth over Rs 10 billion launched under the SP rule are yet to see the light of the day,\" said Abhigyan Shukla, a local businessman. Seconding his opinion, another businessman , Radheyshyam Gupta, said that \"though Maya fared well on the law and order front, during Netaji's (Mulayam) rule, there was development and stability. \"Perhaps the wily Yadav chieftain has sensed the mood. Both the SP supremo and Akhilesh are now trying to re-connect emotionally with the voters , particularly in the Etawah Sadar and Bharthana assembly constituencies, to ensure a comeback in their hometown. During his campaign tour in Etawah on Sunday, Mulayam began his speech on a very emotional note at nearly a dozen-odd public meeting that he addressed.\"It's your responsibility not only to protect Etawah but make it stronger as this is my 'karmabhoomi' that I represent in Parliament, says our leader Mulayam Singh ji. Besides, he is also trying to convey the message to the party that Akhilesh is the new leader of the SP and the party is contesting the Assembly elections under his young leadership,\" said Ishwar Shakya, an SP worker.Apart from having failed to win a single Assembly seat, the two SP strongholds of Bharthana and Etawah had also slipped out of the party's grip in the 2009 by-polls . As both went in the BSP kitty, political pundits had cited the SP debacle as desertion by Muslim voters following SP chief's proximity with Kalyan Singh SP's efforts to win back its citadel could be gauged from the fact that besides wooing the Muslim voters, the SP is also trying to make inroads among the Dalit vote bank.\"For the first time, Shivpal has been doing the rounds of dalit-dominated areas in Jaswantnagar to seek their support . He does not want the segment to alter his calculations as the Congress and the BSP too are clamouring for the Dalit votes,\" said a local SP supporter Rajesh Chauhan. Shivpal, meanwhile, is quite \"elated\" at the support he is getting from the Dalit voters.However, Shivpal's opponent and BSP candidate Manish Yadav sees this change in strategy as an indication of the \"panic\" in the SP camp. \"This changed approach of Shivpal is an indication of the fact that he has now understood that the Dalits have sensed a taste of empowerment during the BSP rule. Dalits are not going to vote for any other party,\" said Jaswantnagar BSP candidate Manish Yadav.\"My sole motive is to put an end to the dynastic rule of Mulayam Singh Yadav, besides bring the area on development plank,\" said SP rebel Manish Yadav while talking to TOI.On Etawah Sadar seat, BSP's Mahendra Singh Rajput, SP's Raghuraj Singh Shakya, BJP's Ashok Dubey and Congress party's Komal Singh Kushwaha have been pitted against each other.Similarly, from Bharthana (Reserved), BSP's Raghvendra Gautam, SP's Sukhdevi Verma , BJP's Savitri Katheria, and Congress party's Rajeshwari Jatav are in fray.When the BSP candidates were asked what their party's main poll plank was, sitting MLA Mahendra Singh Rajput, who had deserted SP in 2009 and is contesting the Etawah Sadar seat on BSP ticket, said it \"is development and wiping out SP's `goondaraj' in Mulayam's den\" .\"Our efforts would definitely bear results and help me in retaining the Etawah Sadar seat.\"\"The BSP government worked with the single-minded aim of developing the state. The results of steps taken by us, especially in countering SP, are already visible. We are asking for votes on the basis of our performance,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12002993", "title": "Maharashtra CM wants charity commissioner\u2019s work report", "text": "MUMBAI: The CM on Wednesday asked the law and judiciary department to submit a report of the work done by the charity commissioner's office in the last few years.During a discussion on increasing manpower at the charity commissioner's office, Congress and NCP ministers raised objections over the \"style of functioning of the commissioner's office\" . \"Prithviraj Chavan has directed the law and judiciary department to submit its report in a week,\" a senior minister said.Meanwhile, the cabinet gave its consent for creating 773 new posts and recruiting the required staff at the charity commissioner's office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11998282", "title": "Confiscation plea filed against engineer", "text": "PATNA: The State Vigilance Investigation Bureau on Wednesday filed a petition seeking confiscation of properties worth Rs 66 lakh of an executive engineer, Akhilesh Kumar Sharma, under the Bihar Special Courts Act before the court of special judge, Vigilance, R C Mishra.Sharma was nabbed by the Bureau sleuths red-handed while taking a bribe of Rs 18,500 for which a trap case number 37/2007 was filed against him. Following investigation, the Bureau filed a disproportionate asset (DA) case against him for the check period 1980 to 2007. In the confiscation petition filed against Sharma, the Bureau submitted he has a double-storey building valued at Rs 73 lakh in Patelnagar locality in Patna . It added in the petition that Sharma possessed movable and immovable property worth Rs 60.67 lakh beyond his known source of income. Sharma has been made respondent along with his wife, Indu Sharma, and two sons in the case by the Bureau.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12002767", "title": "Applications for postal ballot papers", "text": "PANAJI: The office of the North Goa collector and district election officer, North Goa district, has informed poll personnel that the last date for submission of duly filled in applications in Form 12 for postal ballot paper is February 27 by 5 pm and for the issue of postal ballot paper is February 28 by 5pm.Those poll personnel who have not yet collected the form 12 shall collect from the office of the respective returning officers/assistant returning officers or from the office of the collector and district election officer, Panaji immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001851", "title": "MRC to ask UAE to release prisoners", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Migrant Rights Council (MRC), AP, will approach the UAE government for help in releasing the six people from the state who were imprisoned there in 2005 in a murder case if the state government does not respond to their pleas soon. As per the shariah (Muslim Personal Law), the family of the deceased issued a letter pardoning the convicted and demanded Rs 15 lakh as diya (blood money) following which the persons can be released, council members said.The MRC had approached the central and state governments to extend financial help to the families of the convicted and release them, but they have not received a response yet. M Bheem Reddy, vice-president, MRC AP said, \"We wrote to the Prime Minister's office and the ministry of Overseas Indian Affairs in 2008 and filed a PIL with the AP High Court in 2010 regarding the matter. After the family of the deceased there issued the pardon letter on January 17 this year and demanded Rs 15 lakh as blood money, we wrote to chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy too requesting him to pay the amount as the families of all six persons are poor. But no reply has come till date.\" Talking about steps to be taken further he said, \"We are planning to approach the UAE government.Maybe during the season of Ramzan or on any important national occasion, the UAE government would consider releasing them. Another alternative is working out a method under the prisoner exchange agreement between the two countries so that they can finish their sentence in their hometown.\" Reddy, who is also a member of Migrant Forum in Asia (MFA), then said that they could contact the Nepal wing of the MFA for support as the deceased was a Nepali. The six persons convicted, namely Shivarathri Mallesh, Shivarathri Ravi, Nampelli Venkati alias Gollem Nampelli, Dandugula Laxman, Shivarathri Hanmanthu and Syed Kareem, are unskilled construction workers from Karimnagar district.Except Kareem who was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment, the remaining five were sentenced to 24 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12000715", "title": "Desperate Yeddyurappa, Shettar kiss and make up", "text": "BANGALORE: As part of his desperate battle to reclaim clout, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa has now hatched a plot to upstage D V Sadananda Gowda from the chief minister's gaddi, enrolling as an ally Jagadish Shettar, rural development and panchayat minister, his one-time political foe.After prolonged talks with Shettar on Tuesday night, which followed a meeting with another party strongman R Ashoka, Yeddyurappa hopes to prove to party bosses that he has not only regained the confidence and support of rivals, but is also spearheading a campaign against Gowda. The bonding with bete noir Shettar follows claims by Yeddyurappa that the CM and party president K S Eshwarappa were trying to divide the Linagayat community. The camp hopes the joint operation against Sadananda Gowda will gain support at a meeting of legislators and MPs, called on Thursday by Yeddyurappa at his residence.About the rediscovered goodwill, Shettar said, \"There is no doubt that Yeddyurappa is our leader. We have ironed out our differences and forgotten the past.\" He had raised the banner of revolt during Yeddyurappa's tenure as CM, and even petitioned the BJP central leadership several times on the issue. Of late, Shettar has reportedly been expressing unhappiness over Gowda's style of functioning.Observers in the party are disinclined to speculate further. Going by the backing Gowda got from the central leadership as well as the role of the RSS in dousing fires of dissidence, they feel the party wouldn't want to change horses midstream. The assumption is that even if they are compelled to think on those lines, the choice would surely not be Yeddyurappa, who is still fighting court cases. It is this worst-case scenario that the Yeddyurappa camp is placing its bets on. Its members hope the party higher-ups will accept the idea of making Shettar, a Lingayat, chief minister in view of elections in 2013. If this, indeed, comes true, they may end up scoring a point.Ardent loyalists of Yeddyurappa say they haven't thought that far. They say Shettar only came to offer support. \"Yeddyurappa has the support of 89 MLAs. They will ask Gadkari to make him CM. There's no way Shettar will be promoted as CM,\" they say.In Chikmagalur, Eshwarappa brushed away any such move, saying \"there's no question of removing Gowda from the CM's post\". BJP honchos - who are in no mood to listen to Yeddyurappa -- won't disagree with that unless a sizeable number of MLAs petition them on Thursday.HOW BSY CAMP VIEWS DVS* He's become a puppet in the in the hands of JD(S) supremo H D Deve Gowda. Upa Lokayukta Justice Chandrashekaraiah's appointment was made at the behest of external influence. CM is in constant touch with Gowda.* He has tried to woo Linagayats, who were responsible for bringing the BJP to power in the state.* He is taking unilateral decisions on many issues, ignoring Yeddyurappa as well as legislators and ministers with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11998184", "title": "New railway safety device on the anvil", "text": "PATNA: Concerned over the spurt in accidents across the country, railways has decided to put on alert all its 14 zones to ensure safety of passengers. While new technical devices are on the anvil, railways has stressed on the need of creating safety awareness among people in both urban and rural areas, said a Railway Board official.According to sources, altogether 1,220 people were killed in train mishaps in the country during the last five years, of which 717 people were killed at unmanned level crossing gates.As many as 146 people were killed during the 2006-2007 fiscal year at unmanned level crossing gates, followed by 148 in 2007-2008, 129 in 2008-2009, 170 in 2009-2010 and 124 in 2010-2011.The number of people killed in train mishaps was, however, higher at 239 in 2010-2011 fiscal due to incidents of train collisions, sources said. According to sources, as many as 49 people had died in incidents of derailment in 2010-2011 fiscal year.During the last five years, the number of people injured in different train accidents was 2,124, of which 469 were hurt in 2010-2011 fiscal year across the country.According to an ECR official, though railways has put its staff on maximum alert at unmanned level crossings, efforts are on to counsel people in semiurban and rural areas under all its five divisions.Posters and banners are being used by railways at most of the vulnerable places to create mass awareness to check mishaps on tracks, particularly at unmanned gates, he said.Sources said a recent survey carried out by the railways showed that there were 13 illegal crossings in Patna district under the Danapur division of ECR, followed by Jehanabad (14), Gaya (21), Nawada (20), Nalanda (10) and Sheikhpura (two). Besides, Patna-Gaya, Kiul-Gaya and Bakhtiyarpur-Rajgir sections of the division are dotted with several illegal crossings posing risk to people in general, sources said.According to a Railway Board official, railways has already taken a decision to convert most of the unmanned gates into manned ones soon to check mishaps. Railways has also decided to remove illegal crossings with the help of state police at different places. Lack of awareness and violation of safety rules have been the main reason behind sudden rise in the cases of mishaps on tracks, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998331", "title": "IM crackdown: Brain behind Bihar module nabbed", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian Mujahideen boss Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh is still on the run, but the noose is tightening around the terror outfit he single-handedly re-established after the 2008 Batla setback. In the tenth arrest in three months, a top IM ideologue Mohammad Kafeel Ahmed was nabbed from Darbhanga in Bihar by the Delhi Police.Kafeel was not just a messenger, but also the main recruiter for the Indian Mujahideen. And it was in his Darbhanga home that Shahrukh and other IM operatives took shelter after engineering the Jama Masjid blast in September 19, 2010.Kafeel was Shahrukh's most trusted aide. He indoctrinated several youths into jihad and gave shape to the now well-entrenched Bihar module of the IM. All 10 arrested so far are from this module.Some of his recruits turned out to be crucial members of the outfit , including Farooq, Qateel Siddiqui, Gayur Jamali and Abdul Rehman - all arrested in November last year. Sources also said they are looking for 19 more Indian Mujahideen members, mostly based in Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and Karnataka, who all enjoyed a hotlilne with Shahrukh.Kafeel sold bicycles at a ramshackle shop in Darbhanga before his tryst with terror. He first met Shahrukh in 2009 and was inspired by the IM ideology. He was also the caretaker of a local mosque and was well-versed in the scriptures. Shahrukh swiftly made him an IM ideologue and instructed him to lure youths into the terror fold. \"Kafeel would brainwash young minds in madrasas and mosques and motivate them through his rabid speeches,\" said a senior police officer.Also, Kafeel played an important role in transmitting messages across the group to avoid interception by security agencies.\"He would organise meetings, motivate youths and provide shelter to IM operatives. He was not exactly working for money. He is a self-motivated terrorist. But he may not have been present at the bombing sites,\" said a senior police officer. Police also believe he could shed more light on hideouts of Shahrukh and other members.Kafeel was arrested by a team of ACP Sanjeev Yadav from Darbhanga and was brought to Delhi and produced in the court of chief metropolitan magistrate at Tees Hazari court on Wednesday. The court sent him to police custody till March 6.While he was being taken out of the court, Kafeel told reporters that \"he has been arrested because he has a beard and he is a Muslim\". He also claimed that police has no evidence against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11998548", "title": "By May, 6 new lanes at Suman Nagar junction", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC)'s ambitious project to add six new lanes to the existing roadway at the Suman Nagar junction has entered a crucial phase. If all goes as planned, snarls will become a thing of past as early as May at this crucial six-lane junction, which is used by motorists for travelling from and towards Navi Mumbai as well as Thane.The Suman Nagar junction is one of the busiest intersections on the Eastern Express Highway (EEH).In order to facilitate the expansion of the roadway, an existing railway bridge is being extended towards Priyadarshini side of the EEH. Pillars have already been erected for the extension of the railway bridge. On Wednesday, heavy cranes were deployed at the junction to place beams on pillars of the extended portion of the bridge.At present, three lanes of the six-lane EEH are used by north-bound motorists and the remaining three by south-bound vehicles, thus resulting in a bottleneck on either side during the morning and evening peak hours. Narrow passages often result in citizens spending up to 20 minutes as vehicles crawl at the junction of EEH and V N Purav Marg (Navi Mumbai-Panvel Road) near Chembur. The addition of six new lanes will definitely be a boon for motorists.\"We managed to obtain a two-day rail block in order to undertake expansion work. We have started putting the beams by removing the tracks. The work will continue till Thursday evening. A similar railway block will be undertaken taken in April to install girders and the tracks to complete the construction,\" said an MSRDC source.It may be recalled that after a four-year wait, the Suman Nagar flyover was opened to traffic in the first week of December in 2011. Despite this, the traffic situation hasn't eased. The flyover's nearly 100-m long third lane has not been constructed. For the construction of the third lane, the authorities will need to block a major portion of three-lane Thane-bound Road for construction work and this is not possible in the current scenario.With the addition of the six new lanes to the roadway, authorities will be able to undertake work on the construction of the flyover's third lane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11999299", "title": "Police assistance at your doorstep", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With an objective to provide police assistance at door step of common citizens, especially those belongings to the economically weaker sections residing in colonies and rural areas, two mobile police stations were launched in Chandigarh on Wednesday. Chandigarh administrator Shivraj Patil flagged-off these.Mobile police station will undertake inquiry of complaint, verification of servants, tenants, paying guests, passports and arms licences. They will also lodge daily dairy report for non-cognizable offences and missing reports. \"Out of these reports, anything cognizable will be converted into registration of FIRs in the concerned police stations,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998372", "title": "Ministerial panel okays public procurement bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: The group of ministers (GoM) on corruption on Wednesday approved the draft Public Procurement Bill, which seeks to regulate government purchases using a transparent bidding process. The bill is likely to be introduced in the forthcoming budget session of Parliament after getting clearance from the Union Cabinet.\"The GoM has approved the Public Procurement Bill. It will now go to the prime minister (for approval) and then to the Cabinet (for final clearance),\" minister of state for personnel V Narayanasamy said after the meeting.The GoM, chaired by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , did not discuss the controversial proposal to give statutory backing to the model code of conduct which in effect would have taken away its enforcement from the Election Commission .Narayanasamy said some controversy had erupted over the model code and despite his ministry's denial on the issue, \"some confusion persisted\". He said, \"I would like to say that the terms of reference of the GoM on corruption does not include the MCC... since it is not in the ToR, it was not discussed. Therefore, the question of the issue of the model code of conduct being deliberated in the GoM does not arise.\"When pointed out that the note circulated to GoM members clearly specified the issue of model code, the minister said the suggestions came at the time of discussions. He said, \"Suggestions are there. But it is not part of the terms of reference.\"It is learnt that the GoM also discussed the report of a committee set up to suggest ways of preventing corruption and increasing transparency while allocating natural resources. The panel has already accepted some of the recommendations of the committee headed by former finance secretary Ashok Chawla.The draft bill on public procurement was recently put up in public domain by the finance ministry to elicit opinion. The proposed bill provides for facilitating a grievance redressal mechanism and penalties for offences, including barring of bidders found to engage in corrupt practices.According to the draft bill, there should not be any scope for price negotiations except in prescribed circumstances, with reasons to be recorded. Also, there should not be any restriction on the number of bidders, other than on specified conditions.Currently, there is no overarching legislation governing public procurement by the central government and central public sector enterprises and the General Financial Rules, 2005, govern procurements made by the Centre.The draft bill is based on the recommendations of the committee on public procurement headed by former bureaucrat Vinod Dhall. The GoM on corruption, formed in January last year, has among its terms of reference, formulation of a transparent public procurement policy.The bill intends to regulate public procurement by all ministries and central government departments. It also aims at ensuring transparency, fair and equitable treatment of bidders, and promote competition and enhance efficiency and economy in the procurement process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001710", "title": "Manoj Bajpai to play a CBI agent", "text": "Manoj Bajpai has a very tough task on ahead. He has to play the character that Akshay Kumar will be masquerading as in Neeraj Pandey's real-life heist drama 'Special Chabbis'.To recap a bit, the film is based on the real-life daring heist in 1987 where an unknown man posing as 'CBI officer Mon Singh' recruited 26 men and executed a daylight raid on the Opera House branch of Tribhuvandas Bhimji Jewellers, and disappeared with jewellery worth lakhs.Akshay Kumar has been recruited to play the imposer CBI officer. Now interestingly Manoj Bajpai has been roped in to play the real CBI officer.\"So you could say Akshay and Manoj would be playing spitting images of one another, one real and the other an imposter,\" says a source.Manoj who hasn't played a cop since 'Shool' and 'Jaago' is very excited about getting the hang of a role where he has to play against Akshay Kumar within the same space.Says a friend of Manoj, \"It's a real challenge. Because Manoj has to be exactly what Akshay's character is posing to be. It's a tough role requiring loads of preparation. And it comes at a time when Manoj Bajpai has to prepare for his role of a naxalite in Prakash Jha's next.\"Manoj and director Neeraj Pandey remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11998697", "title": "Burglar electrocuted", "text": "JAIPUR: A burglar who had allegedly gone to steal a water pump from an under construction building situated near Circuit House was found electrocuted on Wednesday. Police said the yet-to-be identified youth probably had attempted to uproot the motor but got in touch with a live wire and was electrocuted.The incident took place during the early hours and the youth was estimated to be around 28 years. The uprooted pump of the under construction building was lying near him. \"It seems that he got in touch with the live wire and caused his death,\" an officer with Vidhyadhar Nagar police station said.His body is kept at the mortuary of the SMS Hospital and efforts are on to identify the youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11998748", "title": "Can\u2019t single out DSC for e-way woes: Commuters", "text": "GURGAON: The National Highways Authority of India's (NHAI's) intention to terminate its agreement with the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway concessionaire, DSC Ltd, is likely to add a fillip to those who have beenampaigning to remove the toll plazas altogether.A good number of commuters, frustrated with the way lanes are managed despite repeated protests, are hopeful that the Delhi high court hearing of the NHAI-concessionaire case, scheduled for March 1, will be sympathetic to their problems.But residents feel that penalizing the concessionaire will not solve the problem. They believe the city administration, urban planning department and NHAI should share the responsibilities as well.According to Bhawani Shanker Tripathi of Mission Gurgaon Development, a city-based NGO, it is unfair to charge commuters for using a public road as in the case of the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway and he also believes that the authorities should have done a better job of integrating city roads with the expressway.\"The primary aim should have been to minimize jams. We cannot penalize the concessionaire alone for the mess as the urban planning department should have worked out ways to put in place structures or planned internal city roads to be integrated with the expressway to make the commute smooth, and the volume of traffic on the expressway manageable,\" explained Tripathi.Added Harcharanjit Singh, a retired government official residing in Sector 23: \"I take the toll road since the other roads are damaged. But the sad thing is I have to pay Rs 21 to even travel between Udyog Vihar and Dwarka link road which is to say I don't' use the full facility. Then there are those commuters who never reach the toll plaza and use the expressway only between the two toll plazas, adding to the congestion and traffic on the main carriageway since the service roads are ill-planned,\" said Singh.Meanwhile, the Toll Hatao Sangharsh Samiti had this to say: \"As per the earlier agreement, the toll road was supposed to end at the Aanaj Mandi, just after the Rajiv Chowk flyover.However, in connivance with the government functionaries, the toll plaza was installed at the existing point at Kherki Dhaula to increase their revenue. The NHAI is equally to blame since it has been sharing revenue with the private firm,\" said R S Rathee, coordinator of the toll hatao committee.When contacted, DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora maintained that the mess at the toll plaza was entirely due to non-cooperation by the private firm. \"We have in the past one and a half years held several discussions and provided solutions to DSC Ltd to improve the situation at the toll plaza but all of it has fallen on deaf ears.\"A spokesperson from DSC Ltd said that the termination orders were as on date purely speculative till the court hearing on March 1. They maintained that they were doing their all to resolve the issues at stake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12002531", "title": "Chhajed blamed for Cong debacle", "text": "PUNE: Blaming city Congress chief Abhay Chhajed for the party's poor performance in the civic elections, Santaji Jedhe, grandson of veteran Congress leader and freedom fighter Keshavrao Jedhe, on Wednesday demanded his resignation from the party.Jedhe, who is a member of the party for nearly 25 years, said that he would take up the matter with the state leadership.\"The entire management of the election - right from allocation of party tickets to campaign - went haywire. It led to the debacle of the party in the city. It was one of the worst defeats of the Congress in the city,\" Jedhe said at a news conference here.The Congress's strength in the new PMC house was reduced to 28 from 41 seats in 2007.\"Families like the Jedhe, Gadgil and More, who have a long association with the Congress, have been kept away, though these very families contributed to the growth of the party. This has created problems for the party. Steps should be taken to bring these families back and give them active roles. It will help rebuild the party image,\" Jedhe said.Keshavrao Jedhe was a leading Congress leader from the time of the independence struggle. In the 1930s he joined the Congress and in 1938, became president of the state unit. He was instrumental in building the Congress Bhavan in Pune.After Independence he was active in politics and was also the chairman of the Samyukta Maharashtra Movement. The Swargate junction is named after Keshavrao Jedhe.When contacted, Chhajed said that blaming an individual will not be correct. \"We have a collective leadership in the party. During the elections also we had collective responsibility.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12003849", "title": "HC maintains stay on PDKV staffers' termination", "text": "NAGPUR: In a respite to beleaguered employees of Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) who were issued termination notices, the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Wednesday extended the status quo by a week.A division bench comprising justices PB Majmudar and Prasanna Varale was hearing petitions of PDKV employees challenging termination of their services by the Akola-based university for their failure to produce caste validity certificates.Earlier, the petitioners citing documents obtained under RTI alleged that the chancellor's office had failed to take action in a similar case related to university. They pointed out that the chancellor in his letter of August 24 last year, expressed his inability to pass orders stating that he had \"no jurisdiction to cancel the proceedings of the selection committee as he is not an authority as per provisions of Section 29 of Maharashtra Agriculture University Act, 1983\". The case was related to an inquiry conducted by the Director General of Maharashtra Council for Agricultural Education Research (MCAER) regarding irregularities and illegalities committed by the selection committee appointed by PDKV in 2006 and 2008 for selecting candidates on teaching posts. The report was submitted to chancellor for annulling the decisions taken by the selection panel.The petitioners further argued in same vein chancellor's December 16 order of last year which directed termination of PDKV employees were issued without any jurisdiction vested in him. They demanded that this order along with another December 29 order passed by PDKV vice chancellor on chancellor's directives for termination should be quashed and set aside. Caste Scrutiny Committee and College of Horticulture in Akola, besides PDKV are other respondents in the petitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11997847", "title": "I won't withdraw the case at any cost: Iqbal Sharma", "text": "The IncidentWe first told the waiter to ask Saif Ali Khan and his friends to tone down their volume and even moved their table, but the noise continued. As Saif and his friends refused to listen, we began moving downstairs. As I was going downstairs, Saif was walking up. He confronted me saying why did I complain against him, didn't I know who he was, and the like. He called me an idiot and pushed me. My father-in-law tried to intervene to prevent an escalation in the argument but he was punched by Saif and his friends. They were very rowdy. I'm not saying that he was drunk but sober people do not act like this.I will follow the legal procedure in the case and will not withdraw my case at any cost. A senior citizen has been hit.\"-Iqbal Sharma\"Saif Ali Khan was leaving and he threw the first punch. There is no justification for hitting and abusing a 68-year-old man.\"Tarina (Wife)\"I have an injury on the left side of my face, on my right arm. He pushed me and abused me.\"Raman Patel (Father-in-law)What The Law SaysPolice have registered a complaint against actor Saif Ali Khan and his friends Shakeel Ladak and Bilal Amrohi, under Section 325 of the IPC (voluntarily causing grievous hurt) and Section 34 (more than one person involved)An offence under the section is cognizable, enabling a police officer to make an arrest without a warrantThe offence is a bailable onePunishment can include imprisonment for 7 years and a finePunishment is compoundable by the person to whom hurt is caused, with the permission of the courtWhat Next:Iqbal Meer Sharma has said he will take the case to its completion and not opt for an out-of-court settlement even if Saif Ali Khan apologisesAt Saif's table:Saif Ali Khan, Kareena Kapoor, Karisma Kapoor, Amrita Arora, Shakeel Ladak (Amrita's husband), Malaika Arora Khan, Bilal Amrohi (Kamal Amrohi's grandson)At Iqbal's table:Iqbal Meer Sharma, Tarina Patel (Wife), Raman Patel (father-in-law), 3 RelativesWho Is Iqbal M SharmaIqbal Meer Sharma is a South African national of Indian origin from Johannesburg. He has worked with the South African government as deputy director of trade and investment for nearly 10 years and, in his own words, \"has been instrumental in developing trade relations between India and South Africa.'' Sharma now has his own private company which deals in infrastructure investment and finance and frequents India very often.He is married to beauty queen Tarina Patel and was at the hotel to celebrate his wedding anniversary. Tarina has acted in some Bollywood films like Bhool Bhulaiya and Dhol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "12001650", "title": "Being a part of animal kingdom", "text": "BRS NAGAR: A four-day annual class presentation function - \"Walking through the jungle\" commenced at Cherry Lane School, BRS Nagar, on Wednesday. The theme of jungle was depicted through dances and skits, among others. The show, which saw some students dressed up as animals and birds, stressed on a social message - love animals, love nature.The function began with prayers. It was followed by a dance, aerobics, depiction of fruits and vegetables and recognition of alphabets. Children then presented patriotic songs. The performances of tiny tots, aged between one-and-a-half-year-old and four-year-old, enthralled the audience, including their parents and grandparents. A national anthem brought the programme to a close.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12002003", "title": "HDMC facing shortage of garbage containers", "text": "HUBLI: People in several areas in Hubli and Dharwad are defacing the roads of the twin cities, throwing garbage all over the road. There are no garbage containers in many residential and commercial areas. Reason: The HDMC is facing shortage of garbage containers. According to HDMC sources, the corporation has only about 500 containers, which have been put in different parts of Hubli and Dharwad. Ideally, there should be a garbage container for every 3,000 people. Going by the population of the twin cities, there is need for at least 200 more containers. Throwing of garbage on roads, open sites and gutters has not only spoiled the look of the city but has also led to unbearable stink and an increase in the menace of stray dogs and pigs.Stray dogs and pigs are freely roaming on roads in some areas, and fearing them, people are throwing garbage straight on the main road near swimming pool the garbage on to the roads. Throwing of garbage in gutters results in blockage of drains. During rainy season gutters overflow. Mosquito menace is on the rise in several areas. \"There is no garbage container in Cotton Market, Old Hubli area and near police headquarters. In the absence of containers, we are throwing garbage on open sites. We have appealed to the corporation several times to provide containers, but our demand has not been met,'' they complex, Keshwapur circle and other interior areas of Vidyanagar. Speaking to TOI, Ramesh Angadi, Kalpana M and other residents said littering of garbage on roads and open sites is posing health risk. Street dogs and pigs dragsaid. Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation special officer H S Naregal told TOI the corporation has placed order for new containers which will arrive in a few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998350", "title": "Five states oppose common entrance engineering test", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government's plan to introduce a common national examination for undergraduate engineering courses across the country will have to be curtailed with the test applicable only for central technical institutions from next year as at least five states have objected to the proposal.The states, including Tamil Nadu and West Bengal, opposed the move and two others advocated more debate when the common test was discussed at the state education ministers' meeting on Wednesday.In light of the meeting's deliberations, admissions to IIT, other Central government institutions and state engineering institutions that admit students based on AIEEE scores will be carried out in accordance with a merit list drawn up by the common national examination results with weightage for state boards.Tamil Nadu, West Bengal, Himachal Pradesh, Odisha and Puducherry opposed the proposal, while Uttar Pradesh suggested that private institutions be brought on board as well. Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh asked for wider consultation. The states have been keen to retain their state-level common entrance tests.In the midst of the opposition from non-Congress states, the human resource development ministry received support from unexpected quarters with Gujarat expressing its approval for the plan.HRD Minister Kapil Sibal said the common test will be for the means for admission to central engineering institutes like IITs, and expressed the hope that states will also adopt the formula in coming years. There are, however, considerable reservations of including board exam weightages to tests to India's top technical schools like IITs that have previously conducted their own entrance exams.Sibal said 11 boards at the Council of Boards of School Education in India ( COBSE) meeting last week have \"unanimously\" supported the move. Four states - Delhi, Haryana, Uttarakhand and Chandigarh - have already accepted CBSE-conducted AIEEE scores for admission to their institutes.\"The unanimous decision of the state education ministers today in passing the resolution was that we agreed in principle that there should be one test in 2013 for all students who want to seek admission to central engineering institutions,\" Sibal said.The proposed entrance test which the HRD ministry has proposed to be named as Indian Science - Engineering Eligibility Test (ISEET), is likely to be conducted in April or May next year and will have two parts - ISEET main and ISEET advance. The former will test the inherent intelligence of the student.Education ministers of states like Andhra Pradesh, Bihar, Himachal Pradesh among others also suggested including regional language along with English and Hindi.\"The exam will be conducted initially twice a year starting in April-May, 2013 and the ultimate aim is to conduct it thrice or four times. The score will be valid for two years.\"A formula has been devised by the Indian Statistical Institute to equate the scores of different boards. The idea is to re-emphasize school education, do away with the stress of multiple examination and grey markets,\" added Sibal.The entrance examination question papers will be prepared by the IITs and the exam will be conducted by the Central Board of Secondary Education. In the first year (2013) around 12 lakh candidates are expected to take the exam. States which will base its admissions on the common entrance test are Delhi, Haryana, Chandigarh and Uttarakhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11997764", "title": "AIIMS surgeons rid baby of 8kg brain bulge", "text": "NEW DELHI: A two-month-old baby born with an exceptionally large head protrusion underwent a successful operation at AIIMS recently. The child, who weighed 11kg, had 8kg brain matter jutting out in an abnormal swelling at the back of his head. Due to this the baby could not move or be carried around easily and was brought to the hospital in a box. Doctors say such protrusions are usually small - the size of a lemon or orange - but this one was humongous, something they had never seen or read about earlier.\"His mother brought the infant to our hospital in a long, rectangular box which had to be carried by two people. We could not understand what was happening till the box was opened. The infant, not named yet, had a humongous swelling on the back of his head. It measured 80cm, something I have never come across in 30 years of my profession,\" said Dr A K Mahapatra, head of the neurosurgery department at AIIMS. He said that the swelling was surgically removed on January 23 and now the baby is fit to be discharged.\"It was a five-hour-long procedure in which we first drained out the excess brain fluid that caused the swelling. Then the excess skin was removed and the scalp was stitched up. To check any blood loss or hypothermia, which could prove fatal, the main surgery and repair work was conducted within an hour with the help of a team of neurosurgeons and anaesthetists. The baby is out of danger and is likely to live a normal life after this,\" said another senior doctor.Dr Vivek Tandon, assistant professor of neurosurgery, said that a portion of the skull bone is missing in the baby and this had caused the abnormal swelling. Once the infant is three-four years old, an artificial one will be surgically inserted in the gap.The baby was born in the Siwan district of north Bihar. The baby's mother, Sushma Pandey, said after the abnormal growth was discovered post delivery, local doctors said it cannot be treated. \"He was born through caesarean section. In the beginning, the protrusion was small but it kept growing. People said he has two heads and he won't survive. Local doctors then there failed to find a solution and referred us to AIIMS. The doctors here have saved my baby's life,\" she said. For months after the birth, Pandey said she could not breastfeed her baby because she could not hold him. Now, she cannot stop cuddling the infant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001395", "title": "Runa Laila to perform at Maitree Bandhan", "text": "Prinsep Ghat will rock to the music of Runa Laila - on February 25 for Maitree Bandhan, the India-Bangladesh Cultural Festival...\"Maitree Bandhan Aage Chalo!\", The Times of India India-Bangladesh Cultural Festival, is an endeavour to strengthen ties between the two nations. How does it feel to perform at this event?I feel honoured to perform at this event. \" Aman Ki Asha\" was also a great event organized by The Times of India. And I think such cultural programmes will only strengthen the maitree bandhan between the two countries. Music especially has the power to unite people as it has no language or religion. I'm that I'll be performing with Usha Uthup on the same stage. Ushadi and I get along well and hope to rock the stage together.Do you like the crowd here?Of course I do! They are wonderful and most importantly, they understand music very well. I am performing in India from 1974 and never felt that I am an outsider here. I have always been greeted with warmth here.But is it true that you became a singer by accident? (Laughs) Oh yes! My elder sister, Dina, developed a sore throat on the day of her performance and I was asked to stand in. I still remember I was so small that I couldn't even hold the tanpura properly. I held it horizontally and sang a khayal - it became an instant hit.And you can sing in 18 different languages?I can... Bengali, Hindi, Urdu, Punjabi, Sindhi, Gujarati, Baluchi Arabic, Persian, Japanese, Spanish, French... the list is endless.So will the audience in Kolkata get to hear songs of all languages from you?(Laughs out loud) Surprise, surprise! If I spill the beans now, the surprise will go! I will be singing my popular numbers and \"Sadher lau\", \"Bondhu teen din\", \"Dama dam mast kalandar\" have to be there. Otherwise the Kolkata crowd won't let me leave the stage.\"Dama dam mast kalandar\" seems to be associated with pop star Runa Laila...I know. It's like Runa Laila's signature tune and I guess, all artistes have their signature tune. This is one of the songs I enjoy performing most.Chiffon sari with zardosi work, blow-dried hair, well-manicured nails with loads of rings is the image that we have of Runa Laila...I feel a stage performance is very vital for any artiste. That's because the audience not only hears you but also watches you. So besides performance, looking good and entertaining the audience are also important. But now, as I have put on weight, I try to wear heavy saris, rather than chiffons (laughs)! In fact, I started to dance and clap while performing. I later saw that the audience too was enjoying it.Have you heard the remixed version of \"Sadher lau\"?No, I haven't. But I have heard the version which was used in a film.Do you know that most of the DJs at Kolkata night clubs say that \"Sadher lau\" is still a rage among party hoppers?Is it? I take that as a compliment!Are you aware of the latest item numbers, be it in Hindi or Bengali?Not really. I am still drawn to classical-based and folk songs. I was born in a family of music lovers in Bangladesh and started learning classical music at an early age. I received vigorous training from Ustad Habibuddin Khan.And you made your first public appearance at the age of six?Yes. And my first disc for a Pakistani film titled \"Jugnu\" came out when I was eleven-and-a-half years old.Do you know about the music scenario in Kolkata?Not much. I have heard that Jeet Gannguli. Raghab, Srikanto Acharya are very good singers. In Bollywood, I like Shreya Ghoshal, Sonu Nigam , Shaan.There was a time when you did playback for Bollywood films. Any such offers now?Nothing that I can talk about right now. But when we started in Bollywood, things were pretty difficult. There were lot of government restrictions about allowing a foreign artiste to come and perform here. It needed a clearance. But now, things are much more easy.You are judging a musical reality show \"Sur kshetra\" along with Asha Bhonsle?Yes. Abida Parveen is also one of the judges. And it is a pleasure to work with Ashaji, she is so down to earth.Who are your favourite singers? Lataji, Ashaji, Rafi saab, Kishore saab to name a few.Do you still practice?Till today, for countless hours, I do my riyaaz. And I feel riyaaz is a must for any artiste. Recording a song has become very easy nowadays. In the olden days, we had to sing live with the musicians. Even a tiny mistake meant that we had to start singing the song all over again. But now, thanks to the advent of technology, pitches can be altered and one can record a song one line at a time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11999671", "title": "3,000 residents given \u2018unlawful\u2019 rebate on house tax: Report", "text": "GURGAON: After coming across a number of discrepancies in the way house tax is calculated, the municipal commissioner has ordered an inquiry into the process. According to the initial probe report, over 3,000 residents have been given a tax rebate by the taxation department officials on unconvincing grounds without the approval of the authorities concerned.According to sources, many residents have filed objections over the way the house tax assessment was done by the municipal corporation. \"We have received thousands of objections from various residents and understandably so, since it is the first time we are collecting the house tax. However, we found that some officials have tried to make use of the loopholes in the law and have on their own given rebate to at least 3,201 residents. There are some cases in which the tax payer was supposed to pay tax amounting to lakhs of rupees but these officials have waived over half of the amount, which would have resulted in huge losses for the corporation.After all, house tax is one of the major sources of revenue for any municipal corporation. The probe is ongoing and we are in the process of finding out how many officials are involved in this. It is quite apparent that they took money from these residents and commercial complex owners to waive such huge amounts,\" said an official.He added, \"The whole thing started when the previous zonal taxation official was posted here, who was transferred out of Gurgaon after several complaints were filed against him. At present, we have been able to crosscheck around 300 out of the 3,201 cases that have come to our notice and the process to verify the rest is on. We will send notice to those residents whose taxes were waived and will ask them to submit the original amount. In some cases, there might be genuine reasons why the tax was waived off. The commissioner himself is monitoring the issue and strict action will be taken against those officials who are found to be involved in this case.\" He also mentioned that the process to collect the tax could be delayed since all the previous records are being checked again. Meanwhile, joint commissioner Y S Gupta, who was posted in the MCG for over a decade, has now been transferred to Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12002155", "title": "Udupi gears up for byelection", "text": "MANGALORE: Udupi district administration is gearing up for the smooth conduct of the Udupi-Chikmagalur bypoll. There are 12.45 lakh voters in the constituency which consists of four assembly segments of Udupi and Chikmagalur districts.DC MT Reju said there are 1,510 polling booths (649 in Udupi and 861 in Chikmagalur) and counting will be held at TA Pai English Medium School at Kunjibettu on March 21. Of the 6.26 lakh boters in Udupi district, 99.14 have Voters ID cards and in Chikmagalur district of the 6.18 lakh voters 95.89 have voter ID cards.Those who wish to contest the polls can file their nomination till February 29 at Udupi deputy commissioner's office. Reju added, \"Polling machines will be kept on stand by if required.The polling expense limit has been enhanced by Rs 15 lakh from the previous poll to Rs 40 lakh. Over 1,500 police personnel and 6,000 polling officials will be on duty during the polls to be held on March 18. Those who do not have electoral photo ID card can submit any one of the 16 identity cards with photograph to take part in the voting process.\"In the 2009 polls there were 1,593 booths, of which 261 were hyper sensitive and 759 sensitive. \"This time the classification has not been as yet, as the model code of conduct is already in force. Any violations of the model code of conduct can be brought to his notice directly,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12002248", "title": "Writ petition in HC seeking Rs 50L compensation for rape victims", "text": "INDORE: A writ petition has been filed in the Indore bench of the Madhya Pradesh high court questioning the safety of women in the state in the wake of the alleged gang-rape of two sisters in Betma village on February 10 and seeking Rs 50 lakh compensation for the rape victims.Satpal Anand trustee of Aand Trust, which filed the writ petition on Tuesday, challenged chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's tall claim of providing security and safety to the girls in Madhya Pradesh. Satpal has referred to some of the popular schemes including Ladli Laxmi and Beti Bachao Abhiyan. Apart from the chief minister, the petitioner has also made the police a party in the case.With specific reference to the alleged Betma rape victims, the petitioner questioned the guarantee to life under the Constitution. He argued that the state government must give a compensation of at least Rs 25 lakh each to the victim and emphasized that nothing less than that was admissible.Meanwhile, ASP Padmavilochan Shukla informed that the two accused in the Betma gangrape case, Ashu and Golu, who were arrested on Tuesday, were sent to judicial custody on Wednesday. The three absconders are yet to be unidentified.Madhya Pradesh State Congress' wing President Archana Jaiswal has sought the intervention of National Women's Commission in the gangrape case. Party has accused the police of lackadaisical attitude even after the crime had come to light. \"I have written to the chairperson of National Commission for Women Mamta Sharma to take cognizance of the case and ensure that the victims get justice,\" said Jaiswal. She said that a video clipping of the crime was made public on a mobile phone. \"But the police took no action and remained a mute spectator till the victims went up to the police station,\" she said.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998281", "title": "Jamia Nagar \u2018brought to book\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Divided by strong mistrust since the Batla House encounter of 2008, the police and residents of Jamia Nagar are bridging their gap with a library table. For Class X student Alisha, the thousand-odd books in the newly-inaugurated Public Police Library at Jamia Nagar police station hold the key to fulfilling her dream of acing the Board exams. But her grandfather Babu Khan looks at them tearfully and talks about the son he lost to the Kargil war 13 years ago, and his area's youth who have been eyed with suspicion since the Batla encounter.\"I held back my tears when my son, Captain Javed Khan, met his end in Kargil. But I could not bear it when the media labeled my neighbourhood a den of terror,\" recalled Khan at the library's inauguration on Wednesday. There was no resentment in Alisha's words, though. \"From an early age, I have come to fear the police. I am told they are there to punish us. Yet today, when I have free access inside the police station, I feel liberated. At least, the cops are trying to change their face,'' she said.The library is a joint effort of the Jamia Nagar police station and Batla House-based NGO, Shikhar. It has been opened in the backdrop of new tensions arising from the arrests of several alleged terrorists from Shaheen Bagh, search operations by Delhi Police and even the Mumbai ATS and finally a riot-like situation in protest against a south Delhi police raid.The air conditioned building will be open from 10am to 6pm. \"There are about 1,000 books with us. But local residents have committed lakhs of rupees and we will soon increase our stock. A counseling centre for locals has also been started,'' said Ajay Chaudhry, additional CP (southeast), on Wednesday. The police feel the initiative will help in two ways: firstly, it will help cops tap into the thinking process of the area's youth and secondly, remove the air of mistrust among the locals and the cops.\"This is a good move to involve the locals. I suggest we take some more such initiatives elsewhere,'' said Safdar H Khan, chairman, Delhi Minorities Commission, at the inauguration where east Delhi MP Sandeep Dikshit and joint CP (southeast range) P Kamraj were also present.Rukbanu, a Jamia University student, said she would be using the library often. \"I have always wanted to participate in group studies with friends and what can be safer than studying here?'' she said, adding that the library timings should be extended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002211", "title": "Maqbool Salman is all set for next film", "text": "After creating waves onscreen with his brilliant debut in A K Saajan's Asuravithu, Maqbool Salman is all set for his next project - Martin Chalissery's Vennmegha Charathu.\"I can't reveal much about my character in the movie now, but I can assure you that it will be a big surprise for the audience,\" says Maqbool, who has offers from directors like Ranji Panicker and Robin George as well.Being a new entrant in the industry, the actor believes in playing it safe by opting for good scripts and strong characters.Way to go man!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12003781", "title": "Gunny bag full of copies seized from HSC students in Yavatmal", "text": "Yavatmal: Special flying squad members seized a gunny bag full of copies and other material during a surprise visit at a junior college in Kalamb tehsil here on Tuesday. The college was an examination centre for the HSC examination that is currently underway.It was a classic case of 'fence eating the farm' as the principal of the junior college is one of the members of the Amravati division of Maharashtra state board and her husband is the officer in-charge of the HSC exam which began on Tuesday. However, the candidates and the centre in-charge were let off with only a warning, thus calling into question the Nanded model of copy-free exams in the home district of school education minister Rajendra Darda itself.District collector Shravan Hardikar confirmed the incident and said that he has sought a report from the block development officer (BDO) and other concerned officers.He added, \"I have given standing instructions to all squad leaders to lodge criminal complaint against the centre in-charge, supervisors, invigilators and candidates at the police station instantly if any sort of malpractice or mass copying is detected during their visit.\"Other teams of the special squad caught red-handed many others in different parts of the district during the English paper on Tuesday and 27 candidates were rusticated from the exam.According to official sources, 32,472 candidates are appearing for the ongoing Std XII exam which is being conducted in 107 exam centres in Yavatmal district.The state govt has introduced the Nanded pattern of copy-free exams in the entire state from last year, following which the pass percentage in the SSC and HSC exams went down considerably.To keep a vigil over the centres, 40 special mobile squads have been set up under the chairmanship of the district collector Shravan Hardikar. The teams consist of five SDOs, 16 tehsildars, 16 BDOs, block education officers and deputy education officers each, Naib Tehsildars and three board members. Besides, there are 15 cross patrolling squads on standby arrangement.There are 18 exam centres in the district which are identified as sensitive centres where special video shooting arrangements have been made and the police bandobast has also tightened there.Despite all these precautions, the college run by one of the board members has been caught red handed by the visiting squad under the leadership of Gaynar.BOXStd XII students deprived from examAkola: Thirty-eight students of Std XII of Mukul Wasnik Junior College at Jamod in Jalgaon Jamod tehsil of Buldhana district could not appear for their board examination, that began on Tuesday, as their examination fee and examination forms were not submitted to the education board. Principal Arun Hirsal collected the examination fee of Rs 400 per student. The students demanded admission card at the time of oral examination but were told that the card be distributed at the time of written examination at the centre.When the students reached the centre for appearing for the examination, they were told that they would get hall ticket at B S Patel Centre at village Pimpalgaon Kale. But the students were not allowed to appear at the exam for want of hall tickets.The aggrieved students met the tehsildar and demanded action against the principal and management committee of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998770", "title": "NCTC looks uncertain, Mamata says it's on hold", "text": "NEW DELHI: Uncertainty over the fate of the National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC) deepened on Wednesday with West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee claiming that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has assured her that the anti-terror mechanism would not be launched until an understanding was reached with states over its powers.The claim of Mamata, one of the 12 chief ministers who have opposed the powers conferred on the NCTC on grounds that they marked an encroachment on their turf, came after her one-on-one meeting with the PM. Speaking to the media after the meeting, Mamata said, \"The NCTC proposal will disturb the federal structure of the country and hence should not be implemented in the present form.\"It was Mamata who had announced the government's decision to roll back the decision of the Union Cabinet to allow FDI in retail, with finance minister Pranab Mukherjee endorsing her statement a couple of hours later.Wednesday's meeting took place against the backdrop of the Congress's growing anxiety to placate an increasingly restive Mamata. Although an official statement on her deliberations with the PM stopped short of mentioning that any commitment was made to put the NCTC on hold till a consensus was hammered out on its jurisdiction, Congress circles were sceptical that the home ministry will be able to stick to the March 1 deadline for the launch of the anti-terror agency.\"The Prime Minister assured the chief minister that he has requested the home minister to find ways to take the concerns of states on board on the issue of the NCTC,\" the statement said.In contrast, the West Bengal chief minister insisted that she had a commitment from the PM not to roll out the NCTC. Replying to questions, she reiterated that Singh \"assured\" her that the NCTC notification would not be implemented until there was an agreement with CMs.Sources in the MHA remained hopeful of the NCTC coming into being on March 1. They interpreted the formulation on the meeting as referring to the decision to convene a meeting of chief secretaries and director generals of police of states to explain the Centre's stand that the NCTC's remit was in harmony with the Constitution and, specifically, marked no transgression into the domain of states. They said the Centre, while eager to assuage concerns expressed by CMs, does not intend to resile from the decision to set up the NCTC which has been styled as the country's counter-terror sword arm.The body, which was notified on February 3, is supposed to become operational with the appointment of its director and three joint directors on March 1. Sources said the week-long window is enough for the Centre to hear from representatives of aggrieved states and allay their concerns. There are also indications that the Centre may issue Standard Operating Procedures aimed at calming states' worries about the NCTC's power to make arrests, and carry out search and seizure operations across the country.The power derived from Section 43(A) of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA) has become the chief bone of contention, with states protesting that it is in conflict with the constitutional arrangement where \"law and order\" is state's exclusive domain.Sources suggested that the SOPs will make it clear that the NCTC will exercise the power in concert with states or through them. A formulation acknowledging the primacy of states in maintaining law and order should be enough to mollify chief ministers, it is hoped. Sources in the home ministry said concern over transgression into the \"law and order\" jurisdiction was misplaced, as the provision should be read in conjunction with other sections of UAPA which enjoins the Centre to work with and through the states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001651", "title": "Nimmagadda grilled by CBI sleuths", "text": "HYDERABAD: Vanpic promoter Nimmagadda Prasad was summoned and grilled for over seven hours by the CBI in connection with Jagan illegal assets case on Wednesday.Rumours were rife throughout the day of the imminent arrest of Prasad. However, he was allowed to go home after the intense grilling session.Huge tracts of lands running into several thousands of acres were handed over to Prasad for setting up the port project in Guntur and Prakasam districts during the time of Y S Rajasekhara Reddy. Prasad is said to have received major tax concessions and other benefits.In turn, he invested heavily in Jagan's newspaper Sakshi, which is now being seen as part of a quid pro quo arrangement. Several revenue officials who allegedly flouted rules in favour of the port project are also facing CBI probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "11999399", "title": "6-year-old boy's death: Police express inability to take action against school", "text": "KARNAL: Police have expressed its inability to initiate action against the school authorities or the teacher who had allegedly locked up six-year-old Pankaj in the school bathroom on December 27 last year, as his parents have not filed a formal complaint in this regard. The boy's kin have alleged that he had died due to the trauma he suffered while he was locked up and that he had not been keeping well ever since.Talking to TOI, SP Rakesh Arya said that the department had not received any formal complaint. Under the circumstances, they could not initiate any action against the school or the teacher.Mahipal Singh, paternal uncle of the boy, said that the boy's father Jaiveer was in a state of shock and that is why no formal complaint had been lodged with the police. The family has also been maintaining a silence as to why no post-mortem was conducted on the boy's body. Pankaj was a student of a senior secondary school in Kaimla village.He was allegedly locked in the school bathroom for several hours by his teacher as punishment for not completing his homework. His elder brother Sagar had reportedly found him lying unconscious in the bathroom. Ever since the boy had not been keeping well and he died on Saturday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11999629", "title": "Chandni Chowk at war with vendors", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the MCD and police failed to make the Chandni Chowk pavements encroachment-free , the traders took up the task themselves and carried out a drive from February 2.\"Over two lakh traders, shoppers and tourists visit the market everyday but little has been done to improve the conditions despite Chandni Chowk being the oldest and one of the bigger wholesale markets. The pavements were constructed nearly a decade back and I haven't seen any repairs being carried out here. They have always been in the iron grip of hawkers and vendors. Despite Supreme Court's direction for not allowing any hawking /tehbazaari on the Chandni Chowk pavements, pedestrians can find hardly any space to walk,\" said Sanjay Bhargava, general secretary, Chandni Chowk Sarv Vyapar Mandal.But after the traders carried out a protest, the situation has improved. \"We carried out our drive with some 'Gandhigiri'. We didn't shout slogans but distributed roses while our message was clearly written on the banners - it asked the hawkers to create space for pedestrians. The police couldn't stop us. Now the situation has improved and people can walk,\" said Bhargava.But the encroachers are a persistent lot. \"I have been setting up my 'currency-exchange ' counter here for more than 18 years. I applied for a tehbazaari licence in 2007 but there has been no response from MCD. Even we have to earn our livelihood,\" said Ramesh Kumar.Kumar alleged that even the traders used the pavements to display their goods. \"Our drive is against anyone who encroaches on the footpath,\" said Rashid Rehman, a trader.Regular visitors say walking in the market remains a nightmare. \"People jostle with each other and the pavements are in a dire state. They are uneven and broken and sometimes people even fall and get hurt,\" said Sarita Verma, a shopper.MCD blames cops for the hawkers returning to the pavements. \"Once MCD takes action against encroachments, it is Delhi Police's responsibility to maintain status quo,\" said an MCD official.The scene in Sadar Bazar is no different. \"MCD is working on the main road but the footpaths have vanished. When the road was being widened, no provision for a footpath was made. Where will the pedestrians walk? Traffic movement will be affected as people will walk on the road,\" said Harcharan Singh, a trader at Sadar Bazar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002504", "title": "Rock on, Kerala!", "text": "Youngsters in the state are opening up to a new world of music outside the realm of traditional genresMost concerts held across Kerala continue to feature musicians strumming good ol' Bollywood and Mollywood tunes. But a number of young bands, seem to have taken it upon themselves to change the scene. So much so that the state now brags of over 50 local bands, out of which as many as 15 are professional and semi-professional ones.Guitar riffs, drums and loads of head banging are the norm that originally began at college fests. Today, bands organise stand-alone concerts that have a huge fan following. And genres vary from rock, heavy metal and even blues and jazz. \"People here love music and turn up in large numbers for concerts. In addition to popular numbers that get the crowd grooving, we also play a couple of our original compositions,\" says Rahul Menon of the Calicut-based band Echoes of the Throne. While many band members are happy enough to play as long as there is an audience, they admit that it is going to be a while before a career in music can be considered a financially viable option.\"Established bands are able to demand a price for the concerts. But younger bands have it tough, as nobody is willing to pay. Very often, we end up having to play for free, something which never happens in other countries. We don't mind doing that, because we just enjoy performing,\" says Arun of Kaav, a Kochi-based band.Shaheen Siddhik, an entrepreneur and a music aficionado, says, \"It is interesting to see rock music making an entry into films as well. In addition to helping younger bands gain popularity, it also introduces a large part of the audience to different genres.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11998247", "title": "Maoist killed by rival group", "text": "PATNA: A Maoist belonging to TPC, a splinter group of CPI (Maoist), Anil Ram, was killed by CPI (Maoist) cadres on Tuesday night at Baratetrai village under Nabinagar block of Aurangabad district.Police said Ram belonged to Rambigha village under the Japla PS in Jharkhand. Police attributed the killing to fight for dominance in the area. Posters were also recovered from the place of the killing, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11998260", "title": "70-year-old\u2019s body found a fortnight after death", "text": "MUMBAI: The body of a 70-year-old woman who had been living alone in her flat at Santa Cruz (W) was discovered recently, more than a fortnight after her death. The woman, Sharda Kasabkar, had been leading a solitary existence ever since her companion of around 15-20 years Devidas Kasabkar died last year.Sharda had allegedly been ostracized by her family members as she had not married Devidas, a distant relative and retired bank officer. The couple did not have any children. Her death went unnoticed until February 11, when her neighbours complained to the police about a foul smell emanating from the flat.The Kasabkars lived in Parijat Society on the Santa Cruz-Khar Link Road. When police forcibly entered the apartment, they found Sharda's badly decomposed body on a bed. Deputy commissioner of police (zone-9) Pratap Dighavkar said, \"She died a natural death. We traced her relatives, but her brother did not want to perform the last rites.\"Sharda's 78-year-old brother Shrikant Kasabkar, a retired government officer living in Dombivli, told the police that he had not in been touch with her for years. Citing old age, Shrikant said he and his wife were incapable of performing the last rites and even their children were aboard. Finally, a distant relative of Devidas agreed to perform the rites.The initial autopsy report suggests she had died in the last week of January. \"There were no injuries and it appears to be a natural death,\" an official said.The elderly woman's neighbours, most of whom are retired bank officials, declined to comment, only saying that they rarely saw Sharda. \"After Devidas died last year, no one visited Sharda,\" a building guard said, adding that Sharda would rarely step out of the house. \"Every few days, she would come down early morning to purchase bread and milk. She would survive on that. But she spoke to no one, and usually locked herself up in the flat.\"A source employed with the housing society for decades told TOI that Sharda was a recluse and did not encourage visitors. \"In his will, Devidas had left everything to Sharda. Most of his relatives, too, had distanced themselves from him because of Sharda. No one would visit her and she too never entertained any of us; which could explain why the neighbours were not alerted to the tragedy earlier,\" he said. Another building employee, too, confirmed that the neighbours were wary of knocking on her door because of her brusque manner.While police often request neighbours to help and check in on the elderly living in their buildings, most people are reluctant as seniors-especially those living alone-tend to undergo personality and behavioural changes. Sharda's reclusive behaviour, they said, was not an exception.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "south city", "code": "12001504", "title": "Bajwas' garden is their haven", "text": "SOUTH CITY: Walk into the Bajwas home in South City's Ayali Village and the sight of their well-manicured garden instantly refreshes you. Areca palm, bottle palm, Rufus palm, ornamental plants and flowers line the lawn, in an obvious display of the Bajwas' love for nature.Businessman Karanjeet Singh, 63, has no qualms in heaping praise on his wife Meera Bajwa and giving her the entire credit for the garden. Gracefully accepting her husband's appreciation, Meera says, \"The garden serves a wide range of purposes for our family. Besides serving our aesthetic needs, we hold parties in it, walk for fitness and health, do yoga and play with our pet labrador, Marcus.''Giving a tour of the garden, Meera gives a description of the various plants she has. \"Among the ornamental plants we have Areca palm, bottle palm, Rufus palm, China palm, money plant and hibiscus. We also have bottle brush, silver oak, ficus and maulsari trees. Then there is golden shower which bears orange flowers, rhododendrons that have beautiful red blooms and hedges like duranta and hamilia on the outer edges of the lawn. The flower plants we have include calendula, poppies, pansy, burf, dahlia, gazania, orchid and poinsettia. Geraniums, begonias and daisies in pots line the drive way and there are pink, yellow and red roses too,'' says Meera.Karanjeet chips in that they also have a few fruit trees including lemon, kinnow and guava. \"All of us - my wife, son Pratap Singh, who is into automobile business and daughter-in-law Shivani love to be in the company of nature,'' adds Karanjeet.Shivani, who teaches yoga says, \"Since I give yoga classes I know the significance of having a personal garden. It is one such place that offers perfect setting for yoga and meditation and we are lucky to have one.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11998785", "title": "City BJP condemns rise in violence", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik unit of the BJP staged a day-long dharna and hunger strike on Wednesday to voice their concern about the law and order situation in Nashik and the state. Party workers presented a memorandum to the district collector P Velrasu, demanding the state's intervention to maintain law and order at the earliest.\"After the change of guard in the police department in the city, Nashikites expected that the crime graph would at least be stable, if not on the decline immediately. Instead, the violence, especially relating to elections, has only increased. We condemn the same and wish to draw the attention of the government towards the issue,\" said BJP city president Lakshman Savji.The dharna took place outside the district collectorate. The party denounced the rising incidence of crime reported in the city since the NMC elections.\"We are primarily bothered about the safety and security of women in the city. The incidents of chain-snatching and thefts are on the rise. Despite unrest, the state government only bothered to change the commissioner of police at the time of the NMC general elections. But even then, things have not changed. The election-related violence in which the losers are out to settle their scores without respecting the people's mandate is a very serious matter. The police, instead of acting, is simply watching the situation,\" Savji alleged.There have been some clashes in the Nashik Road ward from where Sambhaji Moruskar was elected, Savji claimed, adding that the party also expressed concern over violence in Mumbai (where a BJP office-bearer was killed), and in Pune and Nagpur as well. He was joined by a number of office-bearers of the party as well as candidates - who have either lost or won elections - during the agitation.BJP voices concern against rising violenceTimes News NetworkNashik-unit of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) staged a day-long Dharna and hunger strike on Wednesday to raise concern against the law and order situation in Nashik and the State. The party presented a memorandum to the district Collector P Velrasu demanding State Government's intervention in maintaining law and order at the earliest.\"After the change of guard in the police department in the city, Nashikites expected that the crime graph would at least be stable, if not on the decline immediately. Instead the violence - especially relating to elections - has only increased. We condemn the same and wish to draw the attention of the government towards the issue,\" said BJP city president Lakshman Savji.The BJP organised the hunger strike and dharna in front of the district collectorate condemning violence. The party denounced incidences of crime reported from the city ever since outcome of NMC elections.\"We are primarily bothered about the safety and security of women in the city. The incidents of chain snatching and thefts were on the rise. Despite unrest the state government only bothered to change the commissioner of police at time of NMC general elections. But even the things have not changed. The election-related violence in which the losers are out to settle their scores without respecting the people's mandate is a very serious matter. The police instead of acting upon them is simply watching the situation,\" Savji alleged.There have been some incidences of violence in the ward in Nashik Road from where Sambhaji Moruskar was elected, Savji claimed, adding that the party also expressed concern over violence - in Mumbai (where BJP office-bearer was killed), in Pune, in Nagpur, as well. He was joined by number of office-bearers of the party as well as the candidates - who have either lost or won elections - during the agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11999214", "title": "Congress joins Left to protest CM's no-bandh order", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal Pradesh Congress has of late joined the Left Front against the Mamata Banerjee government's diktat refusing leave to its employees on February 28 when central trade unions have given a countrywide strike call.Adding fillip to the CPM's clamour, state Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya questioned the government order, never mind the fact that the strike has been called by Left trade unions against the UPA-led Centre's \"faulty policies\" like price rise.On Wednesday, Bhattacharya, who is also the Intuc president, wrote to chief secretary Samar Ghosh, who had signed Tuesday's order. He requested the chief secretary to amend the notification since the prospect of 'break of service' loomed on all government employees who would fail to report to work on February 28, which the Citu has claimed would turn into a general strike in Bengal.Bhattacharya's letter read: \"I have gone through the order signed by you in connection with the industrial strike called by some central trade unions... it has been stated that 'government employees will not be granted any leave on that day', which means the employees who will be unable to attend their duties for physical illness or some urgent piece of business will not be allowed any leave. It means a punishment like 'break of service' will be imposed on them.\"Bhattacharya added: \"I strongly protest against the above sentences and request you to substitute... with the following line, 'government employees who will be unable to attend their duties on that day for some personal reasons or some urgent piece of business should apply for leave according to rules'. In fact, this was the tenor of the circular issued by the chief secretary days before a similar strike call in 2010.When asked for his comment on Bhattacharya's letter and whether such an order was ever passed by the erstwhile government, Ghosh said: \"It's the government's decision now.\"By now it's clear that the new government intends to keep its employees on their toes. State labour minister Purnendu Bose had spilled the beans on February 1, saying the Mamata Banerjee government would invoke the long-forgotten clauses of the government's service rules barring employees from joining a political party. In January, the chief minister herself had barred police from forming unions or joining rallies.The chief secretary was unperturbed by Bhattacharya's letter. Asked what punishment was in store for an employee who would not be able to make it to work on the day of the strike because of non-availability of transport, he said: \"The consequences could be according to the provisions of government rules. A day's pay cut or a break in service or whatever.\" Ghosh added: \"The order says no leave will be allowed that day, and the government would ensure that there is adequate transport and law and order is maintained.\"The CPM-backed state coordination committee, on the other hand, wrote to the chief minister, protesting against the \"unprecedented circular issued by the chief secretary\". Its general secretary Ananta Bandopadhyay called it \"an assault on the rights of the working class\". He told reporters: \"If the government employee is bound by rules to attend work during any emergency, the government also has no right to refuse his leave application. He is, after all, a citizen and this is gross infringement upon his fundamental rights.\"The erstwhile Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government would ask employees to attend office on a bandh day, but simultaneously allowed them leave if they failed to turn up. The last such general strike was called by trade unions on September 6, 2010, when the administration had asked \"employees to apply for leave in accordance with rules\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11998843", "title": "State govt hikes daily labour wages", "text": "GURGAON: Keeping in mind the consumer price index rise and a general hike in cost of commodities, the Haryana government has upgraded the minimum labour wages in the state. The daily wages for all categories, spanning from unskilled all the way up to the highly-skilled workers, have been increased by as much as Rs 8 a day.Labourers in the unskilled category are now to be paid, a minimum of Rs 186.42 for a day's work, which computes to Rs 4,847 a month. Minimum wages for the same category last year was set at around Rs 178 a day, or Rs 4,643 a month.According to government officials, this bodes well for Gurgaon's huge labour force, mainly employed in the building and construction sector. The new minimum wage scheme drawn up by the state's labour department also offers as much as Rs 196.42 a day for the semi-skilled category, which contributes in large numbers to the manufacturing sector of the state.For the skilled and highly-skilled workers, too, similar increments have been introduced. Those in the skilled category have been granted a minimum wage of Rs 206.42 a day, or Rs 5367.17 a month. Same hold true for the highly skilled category, for which the prescribed official salary will now be Rs 211.42 a day or Rs 5,497.17 a month.Minimum wages in Haryana have been revised and adjusted to a rise in Consumer Price Index (CPI) in the state. \"Minimum wages are increased in accordance with the point increase in the CPI. A provision for the same has been made in the Minimum Wages Act,\" said an official of the labour department of the state.The new wage plan will apply to all the 48 schedules of employment listed by the state government in the year 2011, which include agricultural production, hospitals, textile industry, shops and commercial establishments among others.\"We will be increasing or decreasing the minimum wages according to the fluctuations in the consumer price index. The next revision will occur in the month of July this year,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12002871", "title": "You also have your right to abstain", "text": "KANPUR: The city is going to polls on Thursday and the first-time voters are an enthusiastic lot. However, there are also some who would rather not cast vote in favour of any candidate. In such a scenario, the citizens of India have a right to abstain. The Rule 49 O of the Election Commission gives voter an option not to vote at the election after he/she has been identified at the polling station and his name has been registered in the Registers of Voters (Form-17A). The presiding officer shall make a note to that effect against the name of that voter and obtain his signature.In such a case, the voters who chooses to exercise the option of not voting at the election under Rule 49 O, would only be deemed to have abstained themselves from voting and under the law, the candidate who secures highest number of valid votes polled, irrespective of his winning margin, is declared elected.The city based NGOs had held various awareness programmes in the month of Februray to aware city people about rule 49 O. There is no symbol on the voting machine and the voter opting for right to abstain must let his wish be known to the officials present at the booth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12001210", "title": "Pt Jasraj finally, gets to meet CM", "text": "BHOPAL: After two days of wait, noted vocalist Pandit Jasraj was able to meet Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan here on Wednesday. The vocalist who was in the city for the past two days later left for Mumbai.Pt Jasraj who is also the chairman of the Bharat Bhawan trust, was accompanied by his wife during his meeting with the Chief Minister.The meeting lasted for about 15 minutes and the details of the deliberations are not known. The government also did not release any statement after the meeting. But securing more funds for the multi-arts complex Bharat Bhawan was, according to the maestro his top priority.Earlier on Tuesday Pt Jasraj had told TOI, \"I have been informed (by Bharat Bhawan authorities) that for suitable functioning of Bharat Bhawan a budget of nearly Rs 8 crore is needed.\" The arts complex is in need for funds, as in the current year only Rs 43 lakh were sanctioned for cultural activities.Meanwhile, Bharat Bhawan authorities also refused to comment on the outcome of the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12002821", "title": "CCTV cameras to keep eye on 50 'sensitive' booths", "text": "KANPUR: The Election Commission has identified 50 booths as sensitive ones in the city. These booths would remain under the supervision of CCTV cameras during voting in the city on Thursday. The booth level officers (BLOs) have been entrusted with the responsibility of informing EC officials about the percentage of voting after every two hours. The BLOs will have to start sending this information to the EC at 9 am. The polling would start at 7 am and continue till 5 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11998884", "title": "DLF seeks MCG nod for 3 multi-level parking lots", "text": "GURGAON: There could be respite from parking woes to commuters, especially for those working in the Cyber City area in the coming days.DLF has sought approval from the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) to construct three multi-level car parking areas - two in Cyber City and one in DLF City Phase V. At present, there is not a single multi-level parking lot in the city. The MCG has been claiming that it would build one such parking lot in the old city but the plan has remained on paper for the past three years.DLF, meanwhile, has constructed two such lots in Delhi. While the one at Sarojini Nagar is already operational, the trial runs are on at the other one in Connaught Place.All the three parking lots will be 18 metres high and the builder has sought the fire safety NOC from the corporation. According to MCG officials, the matter is under consideration and they are verifying if the plan adheres to the building code.\"Since no such structures exist in the city, we are carefully going through the proposal before issuing the no-objection certificate. We are also consulting the urban local bodies department and have sought their comments,\" said an official.DLF authorities meanwhile say that they are awaiting the response of the municipal corporation.\"Multi-level parking is the need of the hour since there are so many vehicles getting added every day and the parking space is decreasing,\" said an official. Even though there are a few parking lots in the Cyber City area, commuters get fleeced as the parking operators charge at will. \"Parking remains a sore point in this area which boasts several multinational companies. We have clients visiting the area almost every day and it is quite embarrassing when they can't find a decent place to park their cars,\" said Subashish Ghosh, an MNC executive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11990753", "title": "Delhi-Dhaka band bandhan", "text": "Delhi-based Indian Ocean and Bangladesh's James, better known to Indian listeners as the 'Bheegi Bheegi' singer, will collaborate for a musical evening in Delhi for 'Maitree Bandhan', an initiative to forge stronger bonds of friendship with BangladeshWe aren't very different: Indian OceanAmid highs and lows in diplomatic relations, India and its neighbours have never failed to hear - and appreciate - each other's voices. It is this power of music which Delhi-based band Indian Ocean, and Bangladeshi singer, guitarist and composer James, will harness in Delhi on February 27, as part of the Indo-Bangladesh friendship project - Maitree Bandhan. While Indian Ocean is known for unadulterated Indo-rock fusion music, James of \"Bheegi Bheegi\" (\"Gangster\") fame is the pioneer of psychedelic rock in Bangladesh.\"We have never worked together, in fact, we haven't even met James before, but we are looking forward to performing together. I've heard that he is very good,\" says guitarist Susmit Sen. \"We might do some kind of jugalbandi on stage. We will be meeting James on the day of the performance and see what all we can do,\" says Susmit. So, will it be a spontaneous act, rather than rehearsed? \"Absolutely. I believe a performance should always be spontaneous. Those who are not spontaneous should never perform live,\" he says.Susmit stresses the fact that music doesn't have boundaries, and should not be restricted to any either. \"Collaborations open up the scope for musical expression, which I think is most important. Be it Bangladeshi or Pakistani, we all are not very different culturally, still, every artiste is different - in terms of upbringing, landscape and influences - so, it is always exciting to collaborate with artistes from different nations,\" shares the guitarist, \"Every initiative towards peace and friendship is important, and I hope it satisfies the purpose for which it is being done. Beyond that, as a musician, I can't comment. I'm not a politician. But it's always great to meet people from different countries.\"(Contributed by Suruchi Sharma)Music has a unifying power: JamesHe has sung for Bollywood films like \"Life... In A Metro\", \"Gangster\" and \"Woh Lamhe\". And now, Bangladeshi singer Faruk Mahfuj Anam, better known as James, says that he's excited about performing in Delhi for Maitree Bandhan. \"I have been to Delhi only once for a show. Though I was there for a very short while, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. The crowd seriously knows how to enjoy music and I had an amazing time singing,\" he tells us. On sharing the stage with Indian Ocean, James says, \"Their genre of music is different and it will be exciting to be part of the same performance.\" Music, he feels, is a unifying force. \"It is the only thing that keeps cultures alive. I'm glad to be part of such an initiative that gives so much importance to music.\"James had started at a time when rock music wasn't very popular. \"People didn't get this whole concept of rock music in Bangladesh back then. It took me a good seven-eight years from 1983, when I started singing, to find a foothold in the music scene,\" he shares. Today, James is also lauded as a pioneer for introducing Bangladeshi music lovers to psychedelic rock. He's also called the nagar baul, literally, the urban mendicant, for straddling elements of folk and rock in his compositions. \"Well, it's a name that has stuck. Personally, I don't think it's important to be classified under genres. What works is the fact that my lyrics are simple, earthy and are able to strike a chord with a certain set of listeners, yet, the treatment is very urban, the detailing very rock-ish, that gives my songs that modern vibe. One may get the feeling that this guy sings in films and does rock concerts, but even people from villages listen to my music. That's the unifying power of music,\" says James. (Contributed by Deblina Chakravorty)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12000809", "title": "Whitefield is most polluted area in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Whitefield, the interface between an idyllic Bangalore and a futuristic IT corridor, is the most polluted area in the city.Yes, you read that right. Air pollution levels in Whitefield are higher than elsewhere in the city. Reason? The rapid pace at which Whitefield developed, say Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB) officials.The residential area of Basaveshwaranagar is the least polluted, with recorded figures much below the national standard.Heavy flow of vehicles in Whitefield through the day means the Respirable Suspended Particulate Matter (RSPM) count in the air is almost always on the higher side, much above the standard figure of 60 microgram per cubic metre.In January this year, the RSPM count in Whitefield stood at 100 microgram per cubic metre, while it was a mere 38 in Basaveshwaranagar.In fact, the RSPM count has always hovered above 100 in Whitefield in the past five years. But the scene is not all that bad. The Suphur Dioxide (SO2) and Nitrous Oxide (NO) levels have not crossed the permissible figure in the area.In January this year, RSPM count for Whitefield was recorded at 100 microgram per cubic metre, while the sulphur dioxide and nitrous oxide count were recorded at 17.7 and 30.6 microgram per cubic metre, respectively.Top five polluted areasWhitefieldYeshwantpurCity railway stationBTM Layout - Outer Ring RoadMysore Road and Vijaynagar Chord Road intersection(Chart and figure source: Karnataka State Pollution Control Board)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002553", "title": "Keeravani bags Dammu audio rights", "text": "Music Maestro M.M.Keeravani's music label Vel Records has bagged the audio rights of Young Tiger NTR's upcoming action entertainer 'Dammu' for a whopping price.Keeravani has composed the music for this movie and he is very confident about the success of the audio album. Ace director S.S.Rajamouli has also publicly praised the tunes of the movie on multiple occasions.Dammu has NTR and Trisha in the lead roles and Kartheeka is the second female lead. Boyapati Sreenu is the director of this movie and Alexander Vallabha is the producer. Dammu is being presented on creative commercials banner by K.S.Rama RaoSource: 123telugu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12002730", "title": "Civic panel okays water meter system", "text": "PUNE: The standing committee of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Wednesday approved a proposal regarding installation of water meters for domestic connections in the city.The proposal said that initially, close to three lakh water meters would be fitted at various establishments, like housing societies.Speaking to TOI on Wednesday, PMC municipal secretary Sunil Parkhi said, \"The standing committee gave a green signal to the proposal of installing water meters. It will now go to the general body meeting, scheduled next month, for a final decision.\"The Union government is pressing for metered water supply in all cities that receive funds under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission to ensure that civic bodies recover the cost of water supply. Also, water meters ensure equitable supply of water.The civic administration had tried to introduce metered water supply earlier also, claiming that it would help calculate water tax accurately. However, the PMC general body scrapped the metered water supply system for domestic users, and has been billing them on the basis of the annual ratable value of their properties.The city has been facing the problem of unequal distribution of water since long, with Peth areas receiving more water than the fringe areas. Experts in water management have reiterated the need for metered water supply in Pune, which, according to them, will help ensure equal distribution and make people pay for the actual use. There are many issues related to water supply in the city like water cuts, illegal connections, supply at low pressure, murky and contaminated water, leakage from pipeline or valves and misuse of canal water, which will get streamlined once the meter system is introduced.Among the shortfalls, the city's inability to rationalise water supply stands out. The irrigation department has earmarked 11.5 TMC water for Pune, but the city draws over 14 TMC water from the Khadakwasla, Temghar, Varasgaon and Panshet dams. The quota is higher than the normal requirement, yet the city faces a water crisis every year. The PMC's water supply calculations are based on the assumption that the city's population is around 35 lakh. About 135 litres to 150 litres of water per head per day puts the total water consumption at about 7.8 TMC.Meanwhile, leakages and water thefts are shrinking the quantum of water the city gets, allege some corporators. Leakages are responsible for 30% to 40% of losses in transportation and distribution, as per estimates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "ghaziabad/noida", "code": "11997808", "title": "Muslim voters feel 'betrayed' by BSP, Cong", "text": "GHAZIABAD/NOIDA: The sixth and last phase of UP assembly polls will be greatly influenced by votes cast by the Muslims in the districts. Even as the major parties have adopted the strategy of fielding well-educated candidates, the smaller parties, who are minor players, have nominated a large number of Muslims to contest the polls. Muslim votes make up a critical 18% of the state's total population and have impacted previous assembly elections in a big way.For 62-year-old Mohammad Deenu Khan, a resident of Loni in Ghaziabad, the elections have become a dismal affair and each year only brings more false promises. \"Every year, parties come to us the way a butcher comes to a goat. They feed us with small promises in exchange for our votes and then butcher us for the next five years,\" he said.Many Muslim voters feel 'betrayed' by the BSP government and 'fooled' by the Congress government. They argued that even though both parties said 'right' things before the elections, no work was actually carried out at the ground level. \"For years, the cemetery in front of sector 16A is being encroached upon by a private mall and we don't even have a way to go in. We end up having to jump over walls to pay respect to our elders,\" said Faqar Ali, a resident of Noida.It is a testimony to BSP's growing unpopularity amongst a large section of Muslim voters in the area that a restoration of the SP seems like the natural alternative. \"Muslims still haven't forgotten how Mulayam allowed Kalyan Singh to cozy up to him, but they will still vote for him because he seems like the best option now that disillusionment with Mayawati has sunk in,\" said Taseem Ali, a resident of Ghaziabad.But many still haven't been able to forget the crime-riddled days of Mulayam's 'gunda raj' and aren't sure whether Akhilesh's new, squeaky clean SP, which approves of computers and the English language, might not just be a pre-election ruse. \"It's benefitting the Congress. The standoff between BSP's corrupt image and SP's violent image is going to push the Muslim voters in favour of the Congress in certain areas,\" said Shahadat Ali, a resident of Chowlas village, Greater Noida.But the race for Muslim votes isn't restricted to the major parties in the state. With otherwise minor players such as TMC and Peace Party fielding key Muslim candidates in Muslim-dominated areas, the fight to decide which political party claims this essential electoral chunk remains to be seen. But for Muhammad Deenu Khan, his demands haven't changed in the last ten years. \"The basti we live in has very bad water supply and the sewers are overflowing and, as a result, the children keep falling sick. I want the next government to fix it, but I am not too hopeful about it,\" he said. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012  Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12001207", "title": "MANIT to sell back guns", "text": "BHOPAL: Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) has finally decided to return the five double barrel guns which were purchased for the security of girls' hostel last year. Instead of giving security cover, these guns had become a liability to the Institute and were kept in police security during the past six months.The TOI had raised this issue in November questioning the logic behind purchase of these guns. The MANIT authorities then had justified procuring them.Confirming the development, the director of Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT), Appu Kuttan KK said, \"I do not think there was any need for such weapons. We have decided to return them to the vendor from where they were purchased.\"MANIT, a national institute of technology under the ministry of Human Resources Development, already avails the services of a security agency. The institute had ordered for five double barrel guns in April, 2011. Trouble began when the institute's security officers and store in-charge refused to accept them. Unable to find a safe and secure place for the fire arms, these weapons were later deposited with Kamla Nagar police station.Justifying the purchase of these guns then, the college management had earlier said that the institute had a big campus which required proper security.When asked about the losses incurred by the institute in returning the guns to the vendor, director Kuttan said that in terms of return value, there would be only 3-4 per cent loss.\"The institute had bought five guns costing Rs 81,360 from an arms dealer Indore Bandook Ghar in Bhopal ,\" he informed.For the past few months, MANIT administration was concerned about the utility of these weapons. First they were kept at Kamla Nagar police station for couple of months. Later, they were handed over to district armoury at Nehru Nagar police-lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12002322", "title": "'Qualified biochemists in healthcare needed'", "text": "PUNE: Experts highlighted the need for qualified biochemists to audit delivery of biochemistry-related results to improve healthcare during the annual conference of the Indian Association of Clinical Biochemists that concluded in the city on Sunday. About 200 delegates, including pathologists and microbiologists, attended the conference.Organised by the Association of Clinical Biochemists of India, Pune chapter, the two-day conference was held to mark the centenary year of KEM Hospital, Pune.\"Biochemists need to constantly upgrade their knowledge about advanced technologies and modalities to deliver excellent healthcare,\" said Gururaj Mutalik, former director of department of medical education and research. \"In developed countries, pathologists are expected to undertake some aspects of direct clinical care, while biochemists have a greater role within the laboratory validating and reporting biochemistry results.\"\"In the era of specialisation, branches like biochemistry, biophysics, biotechnology, molecular biology, molecular genetics, genetic engineering, neurobiology, cell biology, etc. have emerged. All these branches demand strong foundation in chemistry and physical science,\" he said.V L Yemul, medical administrator of KEM Hospital, said, \"Biochemistry has undergone a tremendous transformation over the past few decades. New methods of research have paved the way for better explanations about biological processes. It has spread to agriculture, environment and health sciences, including clinical and forensic science. New drugs, preventive medicines and remedy for many ailments are found with the help of biochemistry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12000920", "title": "Sonam Kapoor launches Shehla Khan\u2019s new store", "text": "Debutante designer Shehla Khan launched her flagship store SHEHLAA in Colaba with her childhood friend Sonam Kapoor in attendance .Reminiscent of the French Baroque style, the store has been done up in shades of pink, champagne, creme and black and has an air of delicacy and intimacy to it. Shehla's collection is a mix of pret-aporter, primo and atelier, and is full of opulent fabrics, exquisite workmanship and flowy silhouettes. Her Indian garments have been inspired by classic old school embroideries such as shadow work, chikan kari and badla.Says Shehla, \"Even though we follow micro trends in Indian wear and I use seasonal trends to develop western clothes, my motive is to create something that a woman can keep forever. I aspire for my garments to have the esteem of an Armani suit, something she can pass forward to generations.\"Adds Sonam, \"Shehla's clothes spell exquisite worksmanship, pretty pastel colours for the season and beautiful cuts that appeal to me personally. They are made to make every woman feel beautiful. She is a close friend, and my sister Rhea, her father and I pushed her to open her signature store.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12000761", "title": "Space is my passion, says proud Sachin", "text": "BANGALORE: Sachin Kukke, the head constable's son who has won a YouTube contest, says space has been his passion.Asked to explain his project to the audience at the Bangalore Google office on Wednesday, the otherwise quiet Sachin turned animated: \"I was always interested in space and stumbled upon the competition while browsing one of these subjects.\"Of the 60 finalists in the YouTube Space Lab Competition, the US led with 10; India had 9. The Indian finalists were from Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Kolkata and New Delhi.The top two winners will get to choose a unique space experience - a trip to Japan to watch their experiment blast off in a rocket bound for ISS, or a one-of-a-kind astronaut training experience in Star City, Russia .The top two winners will be announced on March 22, at a ceremony at Newseum, Washington DC .Sachin's winning experiment was based on ferrofluid and looked at measuring its thermal conductivity in micro-gravity. His brother is doing his MS in aerospace engineering in France.\"I want to get into aerospace engineering too. Mechanical engineering is the base for everything. After graduation, I will switch over,\" Sachin said.\"He's the silent type even at home. Even if he participates in such competitions, we don't come to know. But he is a good volleyball player and is part of the aerospace design team in college,\" said his mother, Vijayalakshmi, a homemaker, as she watched camera flashes light up her son's face.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998560", "title": "Govt likely to inform Portugal of dropping additional charges against don Salem", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is exploring the possibility of dropping additional charges by Indian courts against underworld don Abu Salem and also inform Portuguese authorities about it, official sources said. The decision was taken at meeting in the ministry of home affairs, where officials from the CBI, the law ministry and the ministry of external affairs took part. Sources claimed that the home ministry has been asked to coordinate with the state police departments on their stand on additional charges imposed by them and the CBI has been asked to look into the legalities and then accordingly inform the court.Sources said the home ministry had been declared as a nodal ministry to take a decision on this, and also liaise with other police forces where he is facing cases. It was decided that the Portuguese courts will be apprised about the recent Supreme Court of India's order that had spelt that the order of the Portuguese court should be respected and also stayed the TADA proceedings in two cases against Salem.Portugal's Supreme Court had recently upheld the order of a lower court there, terminating his extradition for \"violation\" of deportation rules by Indian authorities. At the time of Salem's extradition, India had assured Portugal that no charges attracting death penalty, or jail for more than 25 years would be pressed against him, but such charges were later brought in by Delhi and Mumbai Police. During the meeting, CBI and MEA officials gave a presentation that non-adherence of executive assurance would not augur well for the future cooperation from foreign nations, sources said.In a setback to India, Portugal's Supreme Court had upheld an order that cancelled extradition of the gangster for violation of deportation rules by slapping new charges that attracted death penalty. The CBI had said the SC did not cancel the extradition of Salem and that only a technical point was raised. It also said the order is not expected to have any repercussions on the status of Salem's ongoing trial in India.Delhi Police had recently agreed to drop charges against Salem.Salem, who along with Dawood Ibrahim , is a prime accused for 1993 Mumbai serial blasts, and his girlfriend Monica Bedi were extradited to India on November 11, 2005, after a three-year-long legal process in Portugal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11988209", "title": "Katrina Kaif wants an arranged marriage", "text": "Katrina Kaif might have got her share of success at the box office but the same cannot be said about her love life. After staying in Salman Khan's shadows for several years, problems had hit paradise.Following the big Khan fallout on Kat's birthday, the actress too had decided to give up on her romance with the Khan. Following her first big breakup, the actress who was having a good time in Ranbir Kapoor's arms on screen was reportedly enjoying it off-screen as well.Tired of her romantic failures, Katrina has now decided to stay away from industry wallahs in matters of the heart. In fact, Mumbai Mirror has learnt, that the actress has asked her mother to 'arrange' a suitable boy for her.A close friend of the actress revealed, \"Katrina has told her mother to find her a guy. She has decided to go with whatever 'momma says'.\"This decision comes in the wake of rumours about Katrina and her ex-flame Ranbir Kapoor rekindling their romance. Katrina, currently in London , is not amused with the stories about her and Ranbir floating around. And though the actress was unavailable for comment, her friend explained, \"Katrina is done with Ranbir. She didn't want to spend time with him and that's why decided to opt out of Ayaan Mukerji's film. In fact, Katrina will not consider offers to be cast opposite Ranbir in the near future.\"As far as love is concerned, Katrina is done with Bollywood actors. \"No looking for or falling in love in the film industry for Katrina. She has learnt the hard way that love is a rare commodity in the industry. She wants to avoid any more emotional stress in the future and just focus on her work. No emotional involvement with co-stars, no matter what the temptation,\" added the friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12002911", "title": "Minimum temperature also rises in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: The denizens got no respite from unusually hot weather on Wednesday as well and the maximum temperature remained at 30 degrees for the second consecutive day. The minimum temperature also took a toll and was recorded at 12.3 degree Celsius. The clear skies also reduced the humidity level by a considerable extent. The humidity recorded for morning hours was 93% which reduced to 40% in afternoon.According to weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, the weather conditions will remain similar even on Thursday. The minimum temperature may rise further by a couple of notches in the days to come.\"The winds that were blowing in south-easterly direction on Wednesday changed to north-westerly on Thursday. The sudden changing winds are responsible for this high rise in maximum temperature,\" said CB Singh, meteorologists at CSA. He went on to add that with every passing day, the gap between minimum and maximum temperature was narrowing, giving signs of winter's departure. If similar temperature and winds fluctuations were observed for a few more days, the nights too would be warm, like in summers.The agricultural experts said the rising temperatures were beneficial for crops but medical experts advised people to continue wearing warm clothes for a few more days as weather changes could cause illness.This sudden change in temperatures is also a favourable condition for bacteria of diseases to breeed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12000285", "title": "3 held for cheating bank of Rs 28cr", "text": "CHENNAI: Central Crime Branch (CCB) police on Wednesday arrestedthree people for obtaining a loan of 28 crore from a private bank by submitting fakedocuments. On February 3, NeerajDutt Upadhyay, vice-president of HSBC bank, lodged a complaint with the city police. It said that a few months ago, three people, who identified themselves as G R Mohan, Prem Joseph and Hyderabadbased D Suresh Rao, opened a current account in the Cathedral Road branch of the bank, in the name of G R Enterprises.Later, the trio applied for a loan of 28 crore. They got two lettersof creditsignedby G S P Subramanian, manager of Bank of India, Hasthapuram, in Visakhapatnam. HSBC officials contacted Subramanian who confirmed that it was his signatureon thedocuments.HSBC then approved the loan of 28 crore. When the three men began defaulting on loan repayment,thebankofficials grewsuspicious.\"When they triedto verify the authenticity of the letter of credit with a Chennai branch of Bank of India, it turned out to be a fake document,\" said a policeofficer. The case was then transferred to the CCB. A team comprising inspector G Dillibabu registered a case and arrested G R Mohan, Prem Joseph and their aideVenkatesan. They were produced at the Saidapet court and have been remanded in Puzhal prison. Police are searching for the other accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998185", "title": "India, 25 others nations to oppose EU airline carbon tax", "text": "NEW DELHI: India, China, the US, Russia, Brazil and another 21 nations have decided to retaliate against the EU decision to collect billions of dollars every year by unilaterally imposing a carbon tax on flights landing in Eurozone.The retaliatory measures decided include reviewing or abrogating the bilateral service agreements and open skies' agreements with each European country, suspending all negotiations on operating rights for the EU airlines and aircraft operators and imposing additional levies and charges on flights coming in from European nations. The fallout could hit the domestic consumers hard since the number of European flights landing and flying from India could be reduced and the cost of tickets could increase exponentially.The decision to launch an all-out trade war against EU airlines was taken at a meeting of the 26 countries in Moscow on Wednesday after the EU refused to withdraw the unilateral carbon tax on fliers from other nations. The measure would help EU pocket around $1.5 billion starting 2013 that will go up every year, thanks to the annual carbon tax at the cost of fliers from India and other countries ostensibly to combat climate change, some industry estimates have suggested.The EU tax also falls foul of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change and the International aviation agreements, according to India and like-minded nations in the group. The country representatives met to decide on a basket of measures that the group countries can pick to launch counter-attack against an obstinate EU.New Delhi could also give orders to the Indian airlines not to participate in the EU carbon tax on aviation just like China has done, and other countries like Russia and Brazil are expected to follow suit soon.If New Delhi goes ahead and imposes these measures it could mean taxing times ahead for those flying in and out of Europe from India. The flip side: the number of flights to and from Europe could be reduced with prices ratcheting substantially higher. Some of the key decisions taken in Moscow were filing application under the Chicago Convention on International Aviation and hauling EU to WTO dispute settlement. It also includes decisions to demand more data and information from EU carriers.The full-blown trade war could also put the on-going climate talks for a future global regime in jeopardy as the BASIC nations - India, China, South Africa and Brazil - have earlier warned.The meeting is a follow up of an earlier deliberation, held in Delhi, where these 26 nations had warned the EU against taking the unilateral decision when negotiations about greenhouse gas reductions are underway under the UN climate convention. India and other developing countries have all along insisted that aviation and maritime emissions should be tackled while keeping the principles of common but differentiated responsibilities in mind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11998792", "title": "Vadgaon's peacocks get a new lease of life", "text": "Four years ago, the number of peacocks in Vadgaon, a village about 35 km from Nashik city in Sinnar Taluka, had reduced drastically as villagers and tribals would throw stones at the birds, fearing they would damage the crops. However, with the timely efforts of the villagers and an NGO, around 100 peacocks roam the area now.\"The village had creepers of betel leaf everywhere, which is why snakes were aplenty here. That, in turn, attracted the peacocks. Villagers and peacocks always lived together in peace here. But due to some misconceptions that peacocks would eat away the crops, fruits and vegetables, villagers began driving them away with stones, sometimes injuring them and sometimes even killing them. As a result, peacocks, which were always an inherent part of the village, began to reduce in number. Even the adivasis used to kill them,\" said Anna Kotkar, a villager who is actively involved in the conservation process. Peacocks generally move in groups of 6-8 and pelting stones to disperse them for poaching is a common practice among adivasis.He added that a decade ago, the number of peacocks had started diminishing significantly. Kotkar said, \"Earlier, peacocks used to be seen in groups everyday at various places in the village. Since a decade ago, we began seeing only a couple of them and that too not everyday.\"Four years ago, volunteers of an NGO, Yuva Mitra, was alarmed to find that the peacocks were being injured by the villagers, their children and the tribals. \"We began creating awareness among the villagers about the offence of killing them according to the Wildlife Protection Act. We began involving villagers and children in peacock conservation,\" said Sunil Pote, one of the founders of Yuva Mitra.\"For the first two years, we did a lot of hard work, but since the past two years, the villagers are doing all that is necessary to save the peacocks. They keep water out for the peacocks to drink and prevent adivasis from killing or stoning them. The villagers and children who used to kill or stone peacocks are today helping in conserving them,\" he added. After a lot of research and people's involvement, the NGO has been able to conserve around 100 peacocks of the 200 that were in the area before, he said.A villager, Kashinath Shinde, said that the national bird is still under threat from the adivasis in the area who kill them to trade them for meat in hotels, which is illegal as consumption of peacock meat is banned in India. The villagers say that peacock meat is very expensive, around Rs 200-300 per kg. Hotels selling peacock meat do not put the item on their menu cards but prepare it on order for people who ask for it.The endangered national birdIt is not just the meat but also the feathers and other parts of the peacock that are traded for ornamental pieces and trophies, hence the rampant poaching and killing of the bird. Then Environment Minister (May 2009-July 2011) Jairam Ramesh had made plans in May 2011 to ban trade of its feathers to protect the peacock from extinction. The ministry had proposed to amend Sections 43(3)(a) and 44 of the Wildlife Protection Act 1972, which relate to the transfer and sale of peacock feathers to prevent the illegal trapping and killing of the national bird for their tail feathers.Currently, the Act prohibits the killing of peacocks as well as export of tail feathers or articles made from them. But, the Act allows domestic trade in feathers or articles under the assumption that these are naturally shed. Ramesh had invited comments before imposing this comprehensive ban because there are many stakeholders. But his portfolio was changed even before he could follow it up. Offence under WPA 1972 includes seven years imprisonment and Rs 50,000 for killing the national bird.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002174", "title": "Deelip Khomane's 'peaceful' art", "text": "Deelip Khomane conveys the message of peace and tranquility by seeking solace from the complexities of modern life through his paintings. Debarati S Sen reportsThere are no regular, mundane rectangular or square canvases at this exhibition. Instead, there are large guns, cars and abstract designs on hand-crafted wooden shapes that are painted by the artist. The work has an almost three-dimensional effect.Artist Deelip Khomane's art in acrylic and mix media on board, lays emphasis on close human associations with nature and its myriad forms. Talking about the theme, the artist says, \"I wanted to highlight the inherent urge of human beings to seek solace from the complexities and hazards of modern life such as noise pollution, environmental protection needed from pollution, cacophony, noise chaos etc.\"The artist takes about a week to complete one painting from the conceptual to the final tonal creative expression and textural quality. He says that the painting process includes thoughtful innovation, special techniques and textural finesse, which he achieves through his expressions in order to decorate his work with thematic special features and their peculiarities.\"It also conveys the message about the need of the present times to preserve the sanctity and glory of the treasures of nature as well as our cultural heritage,\" says the artist. The work mostly incorporates vivid artistic expressions showing the manifestations of the abstract forms of nature to reality through the iconic images of 'Kaal Purush' in the appropriate arenas. The other works convey the message of peace and tranquility on a spiritual plane. Talking about his car series Khomane says, \"This series shows vintage cars and its glory, cacophony and loud noises and depicts the human feelings like joy, excitement, exhilaration, happiness etc.\" The artist uses monochrome in his art works and when asked why he explains, \"I mostly have single colour in my work to highlight graphics and their colour tones in clear and obvious forms.\" The guns are monochromatic but there is a beautiful bright red car that holds your attention and stands out amongst his other works. The artist says, \"Through my work, I have also stressed the need to preserve the sanctity of our heritage and cultural extravaganza of different traditions and social norms. My emphasis is on rendering visual pleasure and enjoyment to all through my medium of expressions.\"Deelip Khomane's works can be viewed at Jehangir Art Gallery No 3, Kala Ghoda till February 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12003671", "title": "'Made in India' fashion show in Bhubaneswar", "text": "Adding glamour to the evening, students of a city based private college organized a fashion show that delighted the huge crowd.The fashion show named Made in India was the most awaited attraction of the annual event of the college.A total number of 24 participating students were decked in gorgeous Indian outfits following the theme of the show.They walked on the ramp with perfect style and attitude. It was surely a \"fun and learn\" experience for the students who participated in the show with a great zeal. \"I just loved the way the participants dazzled on the ramp. On the whole I can say, it was a wonderful experience to be a part of this event. It is surely a platform where the students can come up with different fashionable concepts on a same stage,\" says Jasmine, an enthusiastic audience of the show.Jyoti Prakash Naik", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12003521", "title": "Making way to civic house, 75-member NVA registers with div commr", "text": "NAGPUR: In a bid to fulfill his 2014 Lok Sabha ambitions, BJP national president Nitin Gadkari managed to woo all the non-Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) factions to the BJP-led alliance, thus tightening the saffron grip on the civic body. The saffron camp managed to bag 75 of the 145 seats in its kitty. The Nagpur Vikas Aghadi (NVA) led by senior BJP corporator Anil sole met divisional commissioner BV Gopala Reddy and registered itself on Wednesday.Sole, who was unanimously appointed as NVA leader on Tuesday, said the team of 75 members, including independent corporators and supports from other small parties, had given their consent to register under NVA. \"The corporators who join the NVA have now become the members of the BJP-led front for five years,\" Sole added.Independent corporators who joined the NVA include Savita Sangole, Pravin Kumre, Kishor Dorle, Parinay Fuke, Harish Dikondwar, Munna Pokulwar, Meena Choudhary, Satish Hole, Ravindra Dolas, Rahul Telang, two Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) corporators Ishrat Ansari and Aslam Khan along with Lokbharti corporator Ramdas Gudadhe.With the IUML corporators joining the saffron camp, there are clear indications that the BJP is making an all out effort to woo minority voters eyeing the parliamentary elections scheduled for 2014.Sole said that BJP had formed similar alliance during last tenure. He made it clear that like last time, Shiv Sena (SS) would not be part of NVA. On Wednesday, the six elected SS corporators registered themselves as a separate identity.BJP and Shiv Sena combine have strength of 68 with and additional 13 corporators taking the tally to 81. However, this figure is not enough have a majority in the standing committee.Sole said that the NVA would soon claim stake to form government in the NMC, but he denied having finalized the names of candidates for important posts - mayor, deputy mayor and standing committee chairman. \"Nominees for these posts will be finalized at the meeting of parliamentary board,\" he added. However, political observers say that that Sole would become the next mayor of the city.Though BJP MLA and state general secretary Devendra Fadnavis openly invited all corporators, except Congress and NCP winners, into the NVA fold, 12 bahujan samaj party corporators chose not to join the alliance. BSP Maharashtra Pradesh vice-president Krishna Bele, too, confirmed the stand.Meanwhile, BJP sources confirmed that four more corporators - two Maharashtra Navnirman Sena and two BRP-BEMS - would extend their support to NVA on Thursday.TEAM NVABJP- 62Independents - 9Lokbharti - 1BERM - 1IUML - 2Total - 75", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998512", "title": "BJP's opposition to NCTC is hypocrisy: Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress accused BJP of hypocrisy in opposing the National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC), saying the opposition party did not tire of underlining the need for infrastructure to tackle terror but opposed steps taken in that direction.AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said, \"BJP's doublespeak on the fight against terror exposes their opportunism, cynicism and lack of conviction on vital national issues. BJP had described the decision to set up the NCTC as anti-constitutional and an attempt was made to draw an artificial distinction between the Centre and the states in the fight against terror.\"The Congress spokesman's attack on BJP came even as he assured that the Centre would take steps to allay the concerns of allies like Trinamool Congress and chief ministers of several states. He recalled how BJP, during the debate on National Investigation Agency, had slammed the creation of the agency but underlined the need for preventive steps through intelligence gathering and distribution.Tiwari tried to drive home that the saffron party was politicizing action against terror. \"Those who accuse Congress of attempting to communalize terror need to look at their own actions -- the distinction which they draw between one set of terrorists and another, between one act of terror and another. So, as the Centre works with the states to address their concerns, it would be appropriate that BJP does not resort to political opportunism to score brownie points on such a sensitive issue,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11998891", "title": "Man killed in clash between 2 groups", "text": "GURGAON: A man was killed and several others injured in a clash between two groups of people in a village near Gurgaon on Tuesday night. Police have lodged an FIR and are investigating the case.According to the police, the incident took place in Bhonkarka village of Patuadi area on Tuesday night. A fight broke out between two groups of a community over some issue. In the clash, one Bheema, a resident of Shahajapur in Alwar district, got killed due to some critical injuries. According to the police, some others were injured including a women in the clash.\"We have lodged an FIR against a group on the complaint of the victim's son and are investigating the case. We will arrest the accused as soon as possible,\" said Anirudh Chauhan, SHO, Pataudi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11998857", "title": "Half-burnt body of youth recovered in Bandhwari", "text": "GURGAON: DLF-I police recovered the half-burnt body of a youth from near Bandhwari village on Wednesday morning. Police have lodged an FIR against unknown persons for murder. The victim has not been identified yet, said the police.On Wednesday morning, the DLF-I police station got a call from a man who gave information about a dead body lying on the Bandhwari-Behrampur road.On the basis of the details provided by the caller, a police team soon reached the spot. \"On the spot, we found a man's half-burnt body. We suspect that after the man's murder, his body was dumped there and set on fire to destroy evidence,\" Beer Singh, SHO, DLF-I.Singh added: \"The victim was wearing a pair of blue jeans and a T-shirt and the letters, B.K.T., were tattooed on his right hand. We have lodged an FIR against unknown persons and are investigating the case.\"Prima facie, police said the victim could be around 25-30 years old. \"He looked like a local resident. We are trying to identify him, said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12000112", "title": "Rising mercury likely to drop in couple of days", "text": "LUCKNOW: Wait for a few days if you have already started packing your woollens after experiencing unusually warm weather conditions in the last two days. The weatherman has predicted that the temperature, which has been keeping 3-5 degrees above normal, will drop in the next 2-3 days. A western disturbance (WD) hovering over the hill region is responsible for the change. However, the WD is expected to fizzle out by February 25. The sudden change in the weather conditions has taken people by surprise. The maximum temperature on Wednesday was 31 degrees Celsius, which was four degrees above normal. The minimum temperature was 13.4 degrees, two degrees above normal. Normally, such temperatures are experienced in the month of March.However, the city saw temperatures shot up in the last two days. On Wednesday, woollens became unbearable. People wondered what has gone wrong with the weather as till February 19, the climate was pleasant with cool breeze and normal temperature.The normal maximum and minimum temperatures for the month of February are 26 and 9.3 degrees Celsius respectively. And, the normal mercury levels for March are 32.2 and 14.2 degrees respectively. Clearly, the temperatures recorded in the last two days are high in comparison to normal records.State Met director J P Gupta said that the WD has cut off the wind coming from hill regions to the plains. ''As a result, the temperatures have increased. The WD is expected to last till February 24, hence we expect that the temperatures in west UP will come down by February 24 and in east UP by February 25. The mercury level in the state capital will also come down by February 25,\" he added. He admitted that temperatures are high at present but said that it is not abnormal because such conditions have been witnessed in the past as well. For example, last year on February 7, the maximum temperature in the city was 31 degrees. Similarly, on February 28, 2010, the maximum temperature was 32 degrees. The highest maximum temperature in the month of February in last 10 years was 33.6 degrees, recorded on February 28, 2004.Warm weather conditions were also reported from other parts of the state. While Varanasi recorded 34 degrees, Banda recorded 33.8 degrees, Jhansi 32.4 degrees, Hamirpur and Ghazipur recorded 32.2 degrees, Ballia 32 degrees, Allahabad 32.1 degrees, Sultanpur 32 degrees, Kanpur 31.9 degrees, Rae Bareli 31.6 degrees, Agra 30.7 degrees, Shahjahanpur 30.6 degrees and Bareilly and Nazibabad 30.4 degrees Celsius each.These temperatures were 3-5 degrees above normal. Similarly, the minimum temperatures were also recorded between 12-15 degrees at most parts of the state. The minimum temperatures were also 2-4 degrees above normal. Similarly, weather conditions are expected to prevail in the next two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12001447", "title": "Rape victim's mother fears backlash", "text": "INDORE: The families of two schoolgirls, who were victims of gang-rape in Betma, are worried about their safety now. The mother of one of the victims said the accused were influential people who would not take the punishment lightly.Talking to ToI over phone from Betma, Leela the mother of one of the victim, said, \"I would not let my daughters move around alone anymore. They (accused) might harm us,\" said Leela adding she was surviving on a daily wage working in farms earning Rs 60 to 70 per day.Eighteen persons, including a couple of farmers in their mid-50s had allegedly raped the young girls in Betma on February 10. The incident was reported with Betma police a week after the crime as the girls feared social ostracism.One of the accused Vikas is the son of the local counselor Rajni Bharati, while another Dilip Kushwaha is the grandson of former Congress Party counselor in the Betma Municipal Corporation.Leela fears, \"They are all influential people and would get their sons released from the jail. What if they take revenge on our girls. The incident has also ruined our lives,\" said a sobbing Leela.Ruing her decision to ask her daughter to go to the market on the fateful day, she said, \"I had asked my daughter to fetch vegetable from the market. She in-turn, took he cousin along with her\".She said that both the girls have now returned to her house from the Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital on Tuesday morning. Leela is living alone with her daughter.As regards compensation announced by the State Government and the Congress Party state unit Chief Kantilal Bhuriya, she said that there has been no further development in this regard. The Chief Minister had announced a compensation of Rs 2 lakh to each of the alleged rape victims, while the Congress Party state president had announced Rs 25000 each girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11999367", "title": "UP polls: Kanpur hopeful of a good show", "text": "KANPUR:Will the industrial city follow the voting pattern of the previous four phases? The citizens here are confident that it will. In 2007, the average voting in Kanpur was 44.7%. This was way ahead of Lucknow's 35%.Now that the state capital has notched up 56%, people in the neighbouring city are raring to better it. And nowhere this enthusiasm is more visible than among the first-time voters. Faizal Khan, a student of mass communication (II year), said,\"We youngsters are aware of our rights and duties.Voting is the basic duty of every citizen and I will surely do my duty.\" He added he would cast his vote after assessing the merits of all candidates contesting from his area. He said that many good candidates are also contesting as independents. Shipra Bassi, a BTech 1st year student, said that youths could change the country's future and it's the time they must do this.Neha Gupta, an undergraduate student, said she would follow the instructions of her father while casting her vote. Explaining the reason, Neha said, \"I am not aware of political matters and issues, but voting is important and every eligible person should vote, so I will surely vote.\" A batch of young biotech engineers, while expressing disappointment over the quality of candidates contesting the election, said they would use 'Rule-49 O' or right to reject voting instead of electing any candidate from the list. A total of 31,36,778 voters would exercise their franchise in 10 assembly constituencies of Kanpur Nagar on Thursday. There are 223 candidates in the fray.Maharajpur assembly seat has the highest number of voters, followed by Billhaur assembly seat. The Election Commission (EC) has set up 189 polling centres comprising 3,116 booths. The commission has sent 4,170 EVMs against the requirement of 3,900 EVMs.The administration has constituted 3,429 polling parties including 313 as reserved parties. Kidwai Nagar has the highest 48 polling centres but there are only 293 polling booths.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12002418", "title": "MSRTC to run Sheetal buses on Pune-Nashik route", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) will introduce Sheetal air-conditioned buses between Nashik and Pune by March-end. The buses had a successful trial run and more would be added to the fleet before starting full-scale operations, MSRTC divisional controller, Nashik, K B Deshmukh said.\"Currently, these services are operating between Pune and Mumbai,\" he said, adding that the new service will have a 2x2 seating. It will be in addition to the ordinary, Parivartan, Asiad and Shivneri buses that run on the route.\"Travelling by train takes more than seven hours and the number of trains is limited and timings are odd. With rise in temperature, people would like to travel in air-conditioned buses. But Shivneri is expensive,\" said Savita Thakrem, who travels to Pune often. The state road transport is also eyeing students who come to Nashik from Pune on weekend as prospective customers.Fare of the serviceDestinations Asiad Sheetal ShivneriNashik-Pune 218 310* 425Mumbai-Pune 179 220 310*Expected fare", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12002977", "title": "Only BJP replies to IAC queries on Lokayukta", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Chapter of India Against Corruption has circulated the BJP's response to the IACs proposed Panchayati Raj amendments as well as Lokpal bill and Goa Lokayukta bill.The press note from IAC Goa coordinator Satish Sonak states that the BJP in its reply has said the party was committed to empowering gram sabhas as envisaged in the 73rd amendment to the constitution and appropriate amendments will be enacted if so required.It also states that the Bhartiya Janata Party is committed to enforcing the Lokayukta Act within 100 days if elected and will ensure that the same is in tune with the Act enacted in Uttarakhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11999386", "title": "Latest simulators to perfect police drivers' skills", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Increasing accident incidents involving police vehicles and PCR vans and excessive consumption of fuel have raised problems for Chandigarh police in the recent past. To tackle the situation, the UT police will set up 'advanced driving simulator' to improve the driving skills of its drivers.This indoor system, which enables 10 drivers to train simultaneously, will be established at a cost of about Rs 80 lakh. It would be mandatory for the drivers to clear the stimulator test before they take over the wheels of a police vehicle.\"We have proposed the introduction of advanced driving simulator and it would be inculcated in the police training curriculum from April, 2012, hopefully. The stimulators are instructor-less and completely computerized. Computers will instruct the drivers and check their reaction-time in the most demanding conditions,\" said Suman Kumar, deputy superintendent of police (training).The DSP added, \"We have witnessed cases where official drivers were involved in accidents. We would make it mandatory for all drivers to pass the simulator test. There are around 600 drivers associated with the police and we can easily complete this process in three months.\"Kumar said the simulators will also train drivers to drive the vehicles in the most fuel-efficient manner.At faultTwo tipsy Chandigarh police personnel attached with a PCR gypsy created ruckus in Manimajra town on December 25, 2011, after hitting a car. They manhandled the owner of the car and were later booked and suspended. A PCR vehicle, which was part of the escort of chief election commissioner S Y Quereshi, had overturned near Sukhna Lake few weeks ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12003048", "title": "Soon, Maharashtra to get 972 hi-tech ambulances", "text": "MUMBAI: A UK-based ambulance service will provide as many as 972 hi-tech emergency medical services (EMS) in the state. The venture is being undertaken in consortium with Indian firm Bharat Vikas Group (BVG).The initiative aims to offer assistance to accident victims and other critical patients in the crucial first hour known as the \"golden hour\".While BVG is new in the field, the other bidders-GVK and Mather- are out of the race as they failed to meet criteria such as providing hi-tech devices in ambulances that were mentioned in the tendering process.Asked why the EMS was being handed over to an inexperienced company, Bhushan Gagrani, secretary, public health department, said, \"We are aware that BVG is new in the service industry . But the tender floated by the state government was global. The BVG tied up with the UK-based ambulance service provider which has good experience in handling the EMS. Before awarding the final contract, the department has called representatives of the UK ambulance services to give its presentation to the government. Also, the health department will take an undertaking from the foreign service provider that whenever the government calls for a meeting to discuss the subject, its representatives and technical support will be made available to the state administration.\"Aware that there might be allegations and litigations, the state has kept itself away from the tendering process. \"A three-member team of All India Institute of Medical Sciences was appointed to set the technical specification required for the EMS,\" a senior official said.Asked how long it will take for 972 ambulances to hit the road, the official said, \"If everything goes well, the work order will be issued in a couple of months. Thereafter , in phases, the ambulances with advance life support and basic life support will be on roads. For 972 ambulances to roll out in Mumbai , Thane, Nagpur and other parts of the state, it will take a minimum 12 months.\"The state will spend around Rs 900 crore for the entire project for five years.What They OfferThese ambulances will have nearly 40 types of advanced equipment to treat cardiac and other critical patients. For instance, they will be equipped with a defibrillator-a device used to counteract fibrillation of the heart muscle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998598", "title": "Lavish Delhi wedding for Mamata's nephew", "text": "NEW DELHI: West Bengal chief minister and Trinamool Congress boss Mamata Banerjee , known for her austere lifestyle, seems to have allowed an aberration in the case of her nephew Abhishek Banerjee .While the CM is in the Capital to meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Abhishek is getting married in a rather lavish style that is unusual for one who is likely to be the only one from the family to join Trinamool and could even be contesting the next Lok Sabha polls.Abhishek, who will marry his fiancee Jasmeet Ahuja on February 24, had an engagement function at the Le Meridian hotel here on Wednesday. The occasion was celebrated with cocktails and dinner at the five-star hotel. The wedding will be held on Friday at a gurdwara in GK-I, and the reception will be held at Grand Hotel in Vasant Kunj the same evening.While the CM may stay true to her style and not attend the five-star wedding ceremonies, it is surprising that she has agreed to the lavish celebrations. Banerjee, known for her concern for the downtrodden, has always shunned the five-star culture. In fact, she has refused to hold government or party functions in posh hotels , including industry meets that her government has organised. A recent industry meet in Kolkata was held at the Railways Club and the one in Delhi was held at Pragati Maidan.Abhishek is a management graduate from Amity in Delhi and had met Jasmeet there. He has been running an NGO called 'Yuva' which works with young people and connects them to Trinamool. Unofficially, he looks after the party's youth wing and lives in an apartment in Alipore, a tony Kolkata locality.While Trinamool sources said the arrangements and celebrations in Delhi were being hosted by Jasmeet's family, the expensive invitation cards accompanied by a specially designed box of expensive chocolates came as surprise to all who received it. Banerjee's name of course, does not appear anywhere on the invitation card. The five-page fancy invite came in five different colours, for the various functions along with a photograph of Abhishek and Jasmeet.The list of invitees is a very close group of friends and family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11999685", "title": "Domestic help falls to death from 14th floor", "text": "GURGAON: A domestic help died after she allegedly slipped from the 14th floor of a building in Sector 50 in Gurgaon, while doing her domestic chores.The incident took place around 5.20 pm on Wednesday at the North Close apartment in Nirvana Country.According to the police, 18-year-old Anjali, a native of West Bengal, was working as a domestic help in flat number 1402 belonging to one Paresh Goyal. Members of the Goyal family have told the police that Anjali was cleaning the balcony when she slipped and fell to her death.The police reached the spot after they got information about the incident and took the body in their custody. \"After falling from such a height, Anjali received severe head injuries and died on the spot. We have informed the victim's family and will conduct the post-mortem once they arrive here,\" said Inderjeet Singh, SHO, Sadar police station.A senior police officer said that Anjali was working in Goyal's house since Diwali last year. They had apparently hired the girl through Prince Bureau, a placement agency based out of Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12000863", "title": "Development on cards for Red-hit Malkangiri villages", "text": "KORAPUT: The Malkangiri administration will speed up development in 151 cut-off villages that had taken a hit after Maoists abducted former collector R Vineel Krishna in February 2011. Healthcare, education and communication facilities will be strengthened in these villages spread across six panchayats across the Balimela reservoir. Admitting that welfare works have slowed down after the abduction, Malkangiri collector Balwant Singh said, \"Officials are panicky and fear going inside these villages. But now we will expedite the development activities.\"The tourism department has provided 14 motor boats to commute to the area, the officials said, adding there are six big size motorboats that would transport four-wheelers to the villages and an equal number of motorboats with 100 seats to streamline communication system to the villages. At present, only four motor launches operate in the area for over 20,000 villagers. These villages are only accessible through the waterway. \"This year we will convert roads in 40 major village into all weather cement concrete roads. Construction of small and big culverts inside the villages are on,\" the collector said.Teachers will be appointed to keep the student-teacher ratio at 35:1. As many as 1,800 academically-weak students will be kept in tribal hostels at Malkangiri. Seven teams of mobile medical staff will be deployed in the villages to strengthen healthcare facilities. \"It has been decided to open 60 anganwadi centres in the villages for the benefit of children between 0 and 5 years and pregnant women,\" he said.The remoteness of these villages can be traced to the early 60s, when vast tracts of forest land and villages were submerged and remained cut off from the mainland do make space for the Balimela reservoir of the Balimela hydro electricity project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12000773", "title": "Hoskote horror: Driver of parked truck arrested", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after three Bangalore students were killed when their Honda City rammed a stationary truck trailer at Dasarahalli Gate on Old Madras Road, jurisdictional Hoskote police booked three cases against the lorry driver.One of the three dead students, Azlan S Ahmad, 20, who was driving the car, apparently did not see the truck parked on the road without tail lights or blinker lights on, and rammed it.A fourth student, Rahul Peter, survived the crash with minor injuries. Peter is undergoing treatment at St John's Hospital.The driver, identified as Appaiah, was produced before a Hoskote court, police said. \"We booked Appaiah under Sections 307 (a) (Causing death by negligence), 337 (Causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) and 279 (Rash driving or riding on a public way) of the Indian Penal Code. We could not get many details as to where he was heading and when he reached here, as he appears to be in a state of shock by the turn of events,\" said Mallesh N, circle inspector, Hoskote.Mallesh said Azlan had a valid car driving licence.Relatives of the dead students believe their boys would have remained unharmed but for the mistake of the truck driver. \"If the truck had not been parked in the middle of the road, the accident would not have happened. The kids were on a highway and they were speeding. The truck was parked at a spot where the road begins to go downhill. The boys could not see the truck from a distance. It was a virtual deathtrap laid for our boys,\" said Neil Machado, uncle of Kiran Machado, one of the boys.The third dead student was identified as Keshav Nanda Gulati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998307", "title": "SC slams Army for obstinate approach", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday disliked the approach of Andhra Pradesh's Army College of Dental Science to demand declaration of results for its students who appeared in the 2012-13 All India Post-Graduate Dental Examination conducted by the All India Institute of Medical Sciences without contributing seats to the all India kitty.When counsel Dipak Kumar Jena mentioned the application seeking a direction for declaration of results of those students from dental college, a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya said the dental college run by the Army could not have the cake and eat it too.\"It is an absolutely obstinate attitude on the part of Army as well Andhra Pradesh. Either you are part of the All India Entrance Examination structure or not part of it at all. There could not be half way measures,\" it told the counsel. Given the court's mood, Jena requested for posting the applications along with the main petition pending on the identical issue.The Andhra Pradesh government had decided not to be part of the pan-India quota system in post-graduate medical education because it did not want to contribute seats for the nationwide reservation. Instead it wanted to give preference to state domiciled students in its medical colleges.The petitioner said that the Army Dental College was neither state-aided nor state-run institution and was set up to cater to the children of army personnel and ex-army men and argued that its students be allowed to take admission in other colleges on the basis of their performance in the all India test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001493", "title": "\u2018Not ashamed of being linked up\u2019", "text": "Talk about being brutally honest, Bips isn't the only one who's great at that. Even the younguns know how to cut the c**p and get to the point.No diplomacies, no political correctness and no 'right' answers. For instance, the bold and beautiful jodi Prateik and Amy. The lovely couple was at the zoOm studios to promote their film, and when quizzed about their alleged link-up, Prateik nonchalantly confessed, \"Rumours are bound to do the rounds. We're super close, and we have a great chemistry. Amy is gorgeous, and we're not ashamed to be linked!\" Amy quickly added, \"Prateik is my best friend in Mumbai and we're pretty close. As far as rumours go, you can't stop them, you just have to be thick-skinned.\" Now that's a refreshing change... a couple that doesn't plainly deny it. Kudos!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001583", "title": "6-month ban on strikes by junior doctors", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Wednesday prohibited, in public interest, strike by junior doctors for a period of six months.The government in its order said: \"In exercise of the powers conferred by the AP Essential Services Maintenance Act, 1971 (AP Act 20/1971), the government hereby declares the services of the junior doctors connected with medical education as essential ... as the strikes by them prejudicially result in the infliction of grave hardship on the community.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11999343", "title": "Play spreads awareness about Tuberculosis", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A street play \"Raja Ka Sapna\" on TB awareness was organized in Colony No 4. The play was aimed at urging people not to waste their hard-earned money on alcohol and tobacco. It also warned of tuberculosis, HIV/AIDS and other chest diseases.People, including several children, squatted on the ground in front of the Shiv Mandir while many stood at a distance and watched the members of Rudra Theatre Company stage the street play on tuberculosis awareness and health education. The play was directed by Ravinder Kumar.Talking about the initiative, Monica Bhalla and Vipin Dass from State TB Control Society, which organized it with Yuvsatta, said to create awareness about this government-run free treatment for tuberculosis available to every Indian at the centre located nearest to his residence or workplace, RNTCP carries out various awareness campaigns like street plays and puppet shows from time to time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12002943", "title": "Parties deploy teams to help voters", "text": "KANPUR: The contesting candidates have deputed their own teams to help their supporters reach the polling booths and cast the vote. All the 223 candidates spent their Wednesday in door-to-door and man-to-man campaigning. Most of the candidates visited those areas where polling booths have to be established and they chalked out their strategy according to the topography and number of voters in that particular area.Besides the four major parties of Congress, BSP, BJP and SP, other parties and independent candidates also collected their agent forms from district election office on Wednesday. BJP's booth management team has asked its members to reach their respective booths by 6.30 am and open their 'basta' for the convenience of voters. Area election committee has been asked to depute at least five volunteers of Vijay Vahini.Samajwadi Party (SP) launched a novel way for booth management. It initiated distribution of voter slips depicting candidates' names and their photos, number and polling booth addresses. Volunteers were asked to go to every house and hand over the slips to the voters. Congress has deputed a team of five volunteers at each booth. BSP has asked its volunteers to keep an eye on each booth and inform area head in case of any trouble. Independent candidates were also busy in assigning booth management duties to their agents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12002774", "title": "Narrow escape for children as lorry crashes into school bus", "text": "KOCHI: A major tragedy was averted in the city on Wednesday, when a water tanker rammed into a school bus in front of Lakeshore Hospital on NH47. Thirty-nine students, the bus driver and cleaner had a narrow escape after the bus' wheels got stuck in the kerbstone that prevented it from toppling on to the road beneath.The incident occurred after 4pm when the 40-seater school bus belonging to Sacred Heart CMI Public School stopped to drop students in front of Lakeshore. Students from LKG to the 12{+t}{+h} standard were in the bus, which was travelling from Thevara.As the children were about to get down, the 20,000 litre water tanker that was filled to its capacity rammed the bus from behind. Onlookers immediately helped the students driver and cleaner out of the bus and admitted them at Lakeshore. While the driver Vamanan (62) was injured, the cleaner Ciny Mathew (38) and children had minor bruises. Students Fiza Anwar (8), Kurian Antony (7), Naval (9) and Sam Francis (11) are still under observation at the hospital.Talking to TOI, school manager Fr Paulose said, it was fortunate that nobody was badly hurt. \"The children are responding well and don't seem to have suffered any mental trauma.\"We have submitted a complaint to the police and will be dealing with the incident legally.\" Officials of Edapally Traffic Station said the tanker's driver was immediately arrested. We have registered a case for reckless driving and are investigating the matter,\" an official said.A major tragedy was averted in the city on Tuesday evening after a water tanker lorry rammed behind a school bus filled with students in front of Lakeshore Hospital on NH47. Firty one students, the driver and cleaner had a narrow escape after the bus's wheels got stuck in between the kerbstone that prevented it from toppling on to the road beneath.The incident occurred after 4 pm when the 40-seater school bus belonging to the Sacred Heart CMI Public School stopped to drop students in front of Lakeshore Hospital at Panangadu. The bus had students from the LKG to the plus two levels. It was coming from Thevara and the first scheduled stop was near the hospital. As the children was about to get down, the 20,000 litre water tanker lorry that was filled to its capacity rammed behind the bus and forced it on to the side of the road.The onlookers acted Immediately and helped the students, driver and cleaner out of the bus and admitted them at the Lakeshore hospital. While the driver Vamanan (62) was severely injured on the forehead, the cleaner Ciny Mathew (38) and children had minor bruises. Students Fiza Anwar (8), Kurian Antony (7), Naval (9) and Sam Francis (11) are still under observation at the hospital.Talking to TOI, manager of the school Father Paulose said that it was fortunate that everyone in the bus escaped without any casualties. \"The children are so far responding well and seem not to have any mental trauma due to the accident. Except a few who are under observation most of them are expected to get discharged today itself. We have submitted a complaint to the police and will be dealing with the incident legally,\" the school manager said.Officials of Edapally Traffic Station said that tanker lorry's driver was arrested soon after the accident. \"According to the driver, he applied the brake immediately after sighting the school bus, but the lorry which was filled to the brim failed to stop on time and hit the bus. We have registered a case for reckless driving and are investigating the matter,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12002113", "title": "Anti-Narcotics Cell to start functioning from today", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad police will have a dedicated Anti-Narcotics Cell (ANC) from Thursday.The ANC, which will be attached to the Central Crime Station (CCS), would be located on the premises of Women Police station, LB Stadium. Deputy commissioner of police (Detective Department) J Satyanarayana said the ANC would have three inspectors and 12 subinspectors.The Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) supplied kits to the Hyderabad police so that scientific examination could be conducted on persons caught in possession of banned psychotropic substances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998103", "title": "I-T, ACB reports nailed city Congress chief and family", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reports of the income tax department and Maharashtra's Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) are a damning indictment of the resourceful chief of the Mumbai Regional Congress Committee, reputed for his survival skills. Going by the reports that were submitted to the high court in sealed covers during the course of the hearing, Kripashankar Singh was a favourite with Mumbai's real estate giants, who seemed to be too eager to help him without expecting anything in return.The I-T department found that Singh's son Narendra Kumar acquired most of his properties with interest-free and unsecured loans from Dynamix Realty and its sister concern Nihar Constructions, HDIL and Dinshaw Trapinex Builders. Besides using their generous assistance to promote his business, Narendra Kumar used them to make gifts to his wife Ankita Singh, sister Sunita Singh and even his father. He also advanced interest-free loans to his associates Devendra Singh and Jitendra Singh .The sheer brazenness that underpins these transactions seems to have become the hallmark of the conduct of the man who defied his humble beginnings, lack of suaveness and an \"outsider\" tag to become a resourceful politician in Mumbai with key contacts in New Delhi.Investigations by the I-T department and the ACB established that the Congress leader and his family had assets disproportionate to their income. Both he and his son were found to have two PAN cards each; his son-in-law may have misled the authorities on his domicile status to get a flat from the chief minister's quota. Investigators also found that the former Maharashtra minister has cleared only Std X, and was not a graduate or an undergraduate as he had claimed in the past.The man could get HDIL to help with the engagement and wedding of his son. HDIL acknowledged to I-T investigators that it lent the space it had leased in Hotel Grand Hyatt for a conference to Singh for hosting Narendra Kumar's engagement. The same realtor helped the Mumbai Congress chief also with the marriage reception: this time by making available a part of the Mahalaxmi Race Course. Payments for both were made from the HDIL group's bank account and when questioned, Sarang Wadhawan of HDIL said it was a \"complimentary gift for generating goodwill with the Singh family on the request of Shri Kripashankar Singh\", the ACB said in its assessments.The family's audacity also comes across clearly in the way Narendra Kumar claimed to have sold two of his BMWs to one Anil Kumar Singh when he, according to the ACB, continues to be in possession of both vehicles.In another instance, Singh teamed up with Ram Niwas Singh, co-owner of the security firm Bombay Intelligence Security, to acquire 15.92 hectares of land in Ratnagiri. It was Ram Niwas who paid for the purchase, registration and stamp duty. Importantly, the ACB report points to the ease with which Ram Niwas acquired 104 arms licences for his security agency from the Mumbai police between 2000 and 2002. Singh was minister of state for home affairs between 1999 and 2004.Bizarrely, however, Singh-who is likened to the proverbial cat with nine lives because of the ease with which he has held on to his perch despite debacles on his watch and controversies concerning him-appears to be a man remarkably prone to natural disasters. He told the ACB that he received gift cheques from 101 people adding up to Rs 27 lakh on his birthday. However, all his records of cheques were washed away in the July 2005 deluge. The ACB could get details from only four bank branches, while the rest could not give any specifics of these cheques. The ACB concluded that no final conclusions could be drawn from the documents.Similarly, the I-T department established that both Singh and his son Narendra Kumar had two PAN cards each. While Singh claimed to have lost his PAN card in the flood of 2005, the same deluge seems to have washed away his son's records with the I-T department, according to documents.The ACB has estimated that Singh and his family are in possession of assets that are Rs 4,23,21,453 in excess of their estimated income. The ACB estimates it to be 5.62% over their income. In the case of only Singh and his wife Malti Devi, the ACB estimates an excess income of Rs 52,14,309, or 11.69%, of their income.The investigators found details of 22 accounts in the name of Singh and his five immediate family members. The I-T department has initiated a series of actions against Singh and his family, based on its findings. It has initiated penalty proceedings for not filing returns for 2004-05 and 2005-06, and for late filing of returns in 2006-07, 2008-09 and 2009-10. The department is investigating the claim of \"compensation towards goodwill\" of Rs 12.5 lakh in 2006-07. It is also verifying the Congress leader's claims about agricultural income in those years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11990714", "title": "Rakesh - Rekha Jhunjhunwala\u2019s 25th wedding anniversary", "text": "Rakesh and Rekha Jhunjhunwala's 25th wedding anniversary was the perfect occasion for politicos, corporate biggies, society divas and Bollywood celebs to make their presence felt.Anil Kapoor, Suniel Shetty, Kabir Bedi and Parveen Dusanj, Niranjan Hiranandani, Parvez Damania, Tabu and Richard Rothman, Talat Aziz, Sunali and Roop Kumar Rathod, Rukhsana Eisa, Rashmi Uday Singh, Neeraj Bajaj, Rajkumar Hirani, Harsh Goenka, Vijay Kalantri, Viren Shah, Esther and Raju Daswani, Kiran Juneja and Ramesh Sippy, were some of the prominent guests who attended this do. DJ Suketu spun some superb music behind the console and when Daler Mehndi got on stage to sing some of his foot-tapping numbers, nobody, including the hosts, could resist getting up and shaking a leg on the dance floor!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12000816", "title": "Against odds, plan to save Chennai lakes", "text": "CHENNAI: The city's burgeoning population is putting its lakesunder severestrain.Many of the lakes have been encroached upon by land sharks and are so polluted that they appear tobebeyond rescue. However, the Tamil Nadu Urban InfrastructureFinancial Services Ltd (TNUIFSL ), a public limited agency, is making a serious attempttosavethecity's lakes. It is in the process of enrolling consultants for a detailed project report for the restoration and maintenance of water bodies in the Chennai Metropolitan Area.The Union government and the German government-ownedKf W DevelopmentB ankhave agreed to provide funds for the projectstudy under Sustainable Municipal Infrastructure Financing - Tamil Nadu. TNUIFSL will be the executing agency. \"One consultant will be identified to carry out the study,\" a senior government official said. The project, to be basedon the report,willinvolve the rejuvenation of up to 29 lakes, in which huge quantities of sewage andtonnesof municipal solid waste are dumped every day. These water bodies include the Ayanambakkam, Kovilambakkam, Tambaram Puduthangal and Nadukuthagailakes.There is currently little possibility of storing water in these lakes for the dry season, since most of them have been exploited for commercial gain or encroached upon and converted into residential property. Officials of TNUIFSL entrusted with the lake restoration project, will face several challenges apart from those they will encounter while restoring thelakes.Almost irreparable damage has been done to the water bodies. Many areas along the lakes are caught in legal tangles and this, coupled with lack of political will and official apathy, will make the project more difficult to execute. At the Velachery lake, for example, 484 of 645 encroachers had to be sent notices by registered post after they put up stiff resistance to eviction. \"In many cases, the notices returned undelivered,\" an official sourcesaid.People living in encroached parts of Kadaperi lake in west Tambaram, and Nemilichery, Valasaravakkam and Korattur lakes held demonstrations against eviction in the past and did not permit revenue officials toeven carry outlandsurveysin thePeerkankaranaiL ake area.Near Ambattur lake, Pallavaram Periya Eri,Tambaram Periya Eri and Kolathur lakein the extended city limits, many individuals have moved court and obtained interim injunctions againsteviction. In certain cases revenueofficialsfailedtosubmit proper certificates to the PWD for the land deeds(pattas )issuedby thelocal taluk office to encroachers in Pallavaram Periya Eri. Encroachers at Narayanapuram Lake in Pallikaranai also appear tobesafefor nowdueto red tape andofficial goof-ups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12000999", "title": "41 students rescued from forest in Kandhamal", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Police on Wednesday rescued 41 students, who had fled from the Government Girls' High School in Kandhamal district's Jalespeta area.The Class IX girls had left the hostel on Monday night after the authorities did not allow them to attend the Mahashivratri festival at a village. The hostel is run by the state government's SC and ST development department.\"We rescued them from the jungle near village Sillingi, about 8 km from the school,\" said IIC (Tumudibandh) R K Jena. Police were on the lookout for them after getting an FIR from the headmaster of the school, he said.\"When we could not find them for the whole day, and inquired with their families, we lodged a compliant on Tuesday evening,\" said headmaster Trinath Sukla. He added that many students went to the festival with a guide from the hostel, but these girls were not willing to go with her.The students reportedly spent the entire day in the jungle, and returned to Sillingi in the evening, the headmaster said after questioning the girls. The students bought dry foods like biscuits from the village, he added.There are 255 students in the hostel, including 51 from Class IX. District Welfare Officer (DWO) P N Prusty said the district administration would not tolerate such indiscipline from the hostel inmates. \"We will hand over the students to their parents, and would not allow them to stay in the hostel,\" he said.He said the students of Class X, who had deserted their hostel at Lingagada on Tuesday morning, returned later in the same day. Around 27 students had fled the residential school after an altercation with Class IX students over their eating place, the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12003638", "title": "Farmers' suicide goes down, but death due to agrarian crisis tripled", "text": "NAGPUR: While many may think that farmers' suicides is a thing of the past, figures compiled by government at Yavatmal district, the epicentre of agrarian crisis, tell a different story. In 2011, even as the total number of farmers' suicide was down, those officially confirmed to have been committed due to agrarian crisis tripled as compared to the last year in this district.Ironically the year 2010 saw a boom in cotton prices- the main crop here, crossing Rs 7,000 a quintal mark. The record prices were expected to have led to huge profits to the growers too. The earnings in 2010, are reflected in the subsequent year, when the loan is either paid or gets overdue. If the market rates of cotton are taken into account, 2010 was expected to be a year of profits for the peasants including those in Yavatmal. However, although the cotton prices had flared there was a slump by the end of the season after government had curbed exports.Analysts say the rise can also be due to the government relaxing the criterion for declaring a suicide as that due to farm crisis, adding that the phenomenon also shows that profitability in agriculture cannot be linked with market rates.There is a similar trend when all the six farm suicide-hit districts are considered. These include, Akola, Amravati, Buldhana, Wardha, and Washim apart from Yavatmal.In Yavatmal as against 309 suicides in 2010, 35 were confirmed as eligible for government compensation. However, in 2011, as against 240 suicides by farmers, 76 have been made eligible. This makes a three fold jump as against 11% eligible in 2010 to 30% in 2011. In all the six districts combined as against 1,177 suicides, 276 were made eligible in 2010, and in 2011 it is 973 and 279 respectively. This makes a rise of 5% in the quantum of suicides due to farm crisis.Since the year 2000, 2,332 farmers have committed suicide in Yavatmal. Out of which 714 have been declared to be due to farm crisis. In the region on the whole, out of 8,273 suicides 2,810 were declared eligible till date. This comes to over 70% of the deaths being considered due to reasons other than farm crisis. Farm activists dispute the figure.Shravan Hardikar the district collector of Yavatmal, said any case of suicide by a person having loan overdue and tilling land, even in the name of a close relative is taken up for investigation. Reports such as addiction and other problems in the family can lead to ineligibility.From 2007 to 2009, around 25% of suicides were eligible, which had reduced to 11% in 2010, but jumped to 30% in 2011, he said.Kishore Tiwari, of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti, says this shows that the government has now softened its stand. Earlier the case was considered only if the land was in the deceased's name. However, it must be noted that the farmers who became eligible for credit after the waiver, have turned defaulters again.Vijay Jawandhiya also a farm activist from Wardha, says subsistence is difficult in the rural areas, which often leads to people taking an extreme decision of committing suicides. Dry land farmers who depend on rains often end up with losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002422", "title": "Visions of a sustainable life", "text": "Curator Adrienne Goehler throws light on the art exhibition running currentlySome art forms are for entertainment , while some others force you to sit up and think. ZNE! Examples to Follow! belongs to the latter category. The art exhibition that's part of the initiatives taken for Germany-India Year 2011-2012: Infinite Opportunities, explores the finiteness of our energy reserves, the impending climate change and the shrinking of biodiversity. Curator Adrienne Goehler sheds light on the focus of the exhibition.How long did this exhibition take to complete?We needed three years to convince enough funders of the combination aesthetics and sustainability, for one foundation feels itself not responsible for art, the other not for ecological questions. Until now the question of eco-aesthetics has really only been reserved for smaller exhibitions or for architectural contexts and always been treated in a monothematic way: climate, Level Green, Beyond Green, TAK Green, low energy house, solar technology.What is the main focus and message you're trying to put across with an exhibition like this?The main focus is to bring to the fore issues such as the finiteness of our energy reserves, the impending climate change and the shrinking biodiversity, that will affect human civilisation and society. The idea is to put across these issues in ways everyone can understand, and suggest ideas, in ways that everyone can emulate.What do you mean by encouraging visions of a sustainable life? What's the need of the hour?Thinking and acting in contexts, developing new forms of organisation and movement. Liberating our fantasies on all levels, because man-made natural and financial catastrophes can no longer be solved with traditional methods.Where has the exhibition travelled and what's the response been like?The concept was from the beginning to make a touring exhibition that changes always the face according to the place it goes; ZNE! was shown in six different cities, city states and regions in Germany. After the five venues in Mumbai, we will continue our Expeditions in Aesthetics and Sustainability to Addis Abeba, Ethiopia and Beijing; probably further venues in China and Brazil will follow before the show will return to Europe. (Italy and Switzerland are in negotiation).We hope to end the show in 2014 in Berlin with the inauguration of a Fund for Aesthetics and Sustainability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11999177", "title": "Memo probe: Ijaz deposes via video link, submits proof", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Controversial Pakistani-American businessman Mansoor Ijaz on Wednesday submitted his BlackBerry phone and \"other evidences\" to a Pakistan judicial commission probing the memo scandal that shook the country's powerful military as well as political establishments. Ijaz, who had refused to travel to Pakistan to appear before the Supreme Court appointed panel citing security reasons, deposed via video link from London. The memo, that had sought US help to stave off a possible coup, had put the Pakistani government into a whirlpool and had led to speculation of a possible coup.The memo triggered a tense standoff and PM Yousaf Raza Gilani had criticized the handling of the memo issue by the army and ISI chiefs. Ijaz came to the Pakistan High Commission in London to record his statement through video conferencing while the three-judge commission conducted the proceedings from Islamabad. Ijaz submitted his BlackBerry phone and other evidences to the secretary of the judicial commission investigating the affair, the Dawn news network reported. He also provided details of his contacts with Pakistani leaders and ISI officials. The businessman read out a statement that he had submitted earlier to the Supreme Court, news channels here reported. He claimed his contacts with Pakistan's former envoy to the US, for the alleged memo, began on May 3 last year - a day after the killing of bin Laden in Abbottabad by US commandos. He said Haqqani had told him that the military was pressuring Zardari and the government.Recounting his contacts with Pakistani leaders, Ijaz said he had met then ISI chief Gen Ehsan-ul-Haq in Brussels in 2003. He said he had met former military ruler Pervez Musharraf in London in 2005 and that he had last met president Asif Ali Zardari in 2009. Ijaz said he met current ISI chief Lt Gen Ahmed Shuja Pasha in a London hotel last year.He acknowledged that he currently had few contacts with Pakistani leaders. In Islamabad, Attorney General Anwar-ul-Haq told the commission it would be necessary to conduct forensic tests on the BlackBerry messages that Ijaz had produced to support his claims. Haq said the commission's secretary, who was in London for the video conferencing, was not an expert on electronic devices and could not verify the authenticity of the BlackBerry messages. Zahid Bukhari, the counsel for Husain Haqqani, objected to Ijaz's behaviour during his deposition and said he was constantly \"playing\" with his BlackBerry phone. Bukhari said objections would be raised later about the way Ijaz's statement was being recorded.\"This is not how testimonies are recorded,\" he said. Haqqani was forced to resign as Pakistan's envoy to the US after Ijaz made public the alleged memo in October last year. Ijaz claimed he had drafted and delivered the memo to the former US military chief on Haqqani's instructions. The government and Haqqani have dismissed Ijaz's claims. Earlier in the day, Ijaz drove to the Pakistan High Commission in a cab. He told reporters before going inside that he would tell the truth and expose the reality about the memo. After taking a vow to tell the truth, Ijaz informed the commission in response to a question that he cannot speak Urdu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11999597", "title": "A foothold? Forget it", "text": "We have all experienced that sinking feeling. Walked down a street and suddenly a car screeches to a halt, the front bumper nearly crushing our legs - a few seconds of panic before we hop out of the way in face of insistent honking. You don't just walk-it in Delhi. As a pedestrian , you step out knowing that odds are stacked against you. The street design guidelines formulated by Unified Traffic and Transportation Infrastructure (Planning and Engineering) Centre in November 2010 acknowledges this.It says that while pedestrian population in Delhi is far more than drivers, streets are designed to facilitate movement of those pressing on the gas. Monday's accident was the handiwork of a driver and the tragedy is part of a system handing out a rough deal to pedestrians.Nishikant Singh, an advertising executive , takes the Metro from Green Park to IFFCO Chowk everyday. The walk home from the station is a crawl as he spends hours trying to cross Aurobindo Marg. \"People jump the red light. And it takes long for the traffic to clear,\" he says. It's a busy crossing, but like many such spots in town, there's no subway or footover-bridge . Still, he finds it safer to walk than to wait on the main road for an auto.Traffic Police has a list of guidelines for pedestrians. Jaywalkers are fined Rs 50. But regular walkers have rules of their own. \"Never cross the road near a flyover. I've seen people do that on the South Extension-side of the AIIMS flyover with cars zipping away. It's dangerous ,\" says Neha Mathur, a student.Sidewalks are often taken over by squatters or those selling their wares. Near markets, footpaths are treated as extra space for a rack of chips or generators . Yet, interiors of Kotla-Mubarakpur and Bhogal - where sidewalks disappear under kitchen sinks and stacks of floor tiles - are probably safer for pedestrians because traffic crawls here. Wide roads with room for cars and complete with pavements are often more dangerous. Speeding cars can climb onto footpaths and two-wheelers take over them during a jam. Samir N, a media professional from Malviya Nagar, says: \"Bikes are driven on pavements and at such speed that we have to get off and walk on the road.\"Not that less busy routes are more pedestrian-friendly . Mathur chose to walk through Golf Links to get from CGO Complex on Lodhi Road to Khan Market, thinking it would be a quiet, pleasant walk. She found herself being off-loaded onto the road and dodging cars every 20 metres. \"There are some stretches where footpaths are free. Then, suddenly, there'd be cycles parked. I couldn't continue walking on the pavement. But I couldn't walk along it either as cars are parked there. I had to walk around the vehicles and then get back on the pavement. It was annoying ,\" says Mathur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001099", "title": "Pritam quits smoking", "text": "Old habits die hard. Music director Pritam Chakraborty had quit smoking after a health scare in 2008. But, he had started smoking 60 cigarettes a day, again. Now finally, Pritam has quit smoking.For the past one month, Pritam has not had a puff. The dramatic change came forty days ago when his wife Smita gave him a book - Collins Gem, Stop Smoking by Gill Paul.When contacted, Pritam told Mumbai Mirror, \"Yes, I have quit smoking. I took a firm decision on this when I reached the third chapter of the book. Smoking is the worst addiction. It looks harmless but it is one of the most difficult things to kick. I tried quitting it in the past but did not succeed beyond a month.\"In 2008, during a show in Cuttack, Pritam had experienced acute breathlessness and was rushed to a hospital. He was diagnosed with a constriction in his lungs. Naturally, he was told in no uncertain terms that he should quit smoking. Although Pritam agreed and even managed it for sometime, he was back to his old ways. Pritam, then, had told this newspaper (August 25, 2009), \"I just hope that I am able to kick the habit one day.\"We hope his wife's gift has a permanent effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11997425", "title": "BEST proposes bus fare hike", "text": "MUMBAI: Barely a week after the civic elections, BEST has proposed fare hikes ranging from Re1 to Rs6 in its ordinary and limited buses depending on the distance travelled by a passenger, from 2km to 15km and upwards.The transport body proposes a hike from Rs4 to Rs5 for a distance of up to 2km. As the distance increases, the hike goes up from Rs2 (from Rs5 to Rs7 for 3km) to Rs3 (from Rs7 to Rs10 for 5km) and so on, sources said.The undertaking is also set to hike fares on Express routes and in King Long air-conditioned buses. It will also increase fares for the visually challenged from Re1 to Rs3.A senior BEST official said, \"The hike issue has been pending for long and it is urgently needed as we are incurring losses to the tune of crores. Unless we increase bus ticket prices and hike the power tariff, we will not be able to improve the undertaking's fiscal performance.\"The official stated that the hike proposal will come up before the BEST committee for approval on Thursday. The proposal for a power tariff hike in the island city will also come up at the meeting.A senior BEST official said, \"Unless there is increase in revenue, we cannot see a bright future. The committee will have to apply its mind before taking any decision on the proposals.\"Congress member in the committee, Ravi Raja, said he would oppose any fare hike. He is likely to be supported by other panel members.In the recent past, the Shiv Sena and Congress had opposed a fare hike, and the latter had staged a walkout over the issue.It is learnt that the BEST is serious about increasing the fares. Sources said that the transport body was neck-deep in debts, and hiking ticket prices and power tariff was the \"last ditch attempt\" to bail the BEST out of the red.BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta had in the recent past stated that corporators should understand the problems faced by the administration, and clear the proposal for a fare hike. \"It will help us provide better services to passengers and improve the existing fleet of AC and non-AC buses,'' he had stated.Another senior official told TOI, \"Unless there is increase in revenue, we cannot see a bright future for BEST. The committee will have to apply its mind before taking any decision on the proposals.\"Proposed hikeOrdinary/Ltd buses2km Rs55km Rs10Express routes2km Rs65km Rs12AC buses super2km Rs155km Rs25AC fast2km Rs155km Rs35", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12004453", "title": "Neha Dhupia to cast a spell with red lipstick", "text": "Donning the thinking hat of an actor part, actor Neha Dhupia is certainly enjoying her role of promoting the brand -- Gillette.Neha who's been associated with the brand for four years has taken a step forward to promote the brand in a different way.Currently, the actor is on a countrywide tour to add zing to the campaign of Chubki Hatao, Khushali Pao-Gillette Ke Saath.Neha seems to be loving the idea as she is letting the shaving cream, razor and a red lip color cast a magical spell. And the motto - to let men know how charming they can look if they get rid of the stubble look.Speaking on the occasion, Neha said, \"Gillette has been a brand for women. Because it has come up with products that would let men groom themselves and look good. And I have been associated with the brand for four year now.\"The actor also said, \"I am here to join the 'Chubki Hato' movement and urge men to shave off their shady stubble. I want men to understand that even though they think Chubki is cool and macho, most people believe that stubble is trouble and leaves an impression of someone who takes his woman for granted. I personally attach a lot of importance to first impression and I am little wary of men with Chubki. In fact, the only redness on a man's face should be of the red lipstick mark from his woman.\"For a brand like Gillette, it is quite an innovative move to rope in an actress to attain more brand visibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12002895", "title": "Will tackle IUML like we did to RSS: Jayarajan", "text": "KANNUR: CPM district secretary P Jayarajan has said that the party 'will not retract from its policy of an eye for an eye' in dealing with political rivals. He said the party would deal with the situation the same way 'it handled the violence perpetrated by the RSS'.\"Extremist elements have infested Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) in Thaliparamba region. The IUML leadership has no control over these elements,\" he said addressing the media here on Wednesday.Denying IUML and Congress allegations that the violence started after the car in which CPM leaders were travelling hit a Muslim Youth League activist, Jayarajan said IUML activists had planned the attack to kill the CPM leaders.Jayarajan agreed that the killing of MYL activist Abdul Shukkur, near Kannapuram, on Monday, was a tragic incident. \"But this youth was there among the group that attacked the CPM leaders,\" said Jayarajan showing a photo of Shukkur standing near the car of the CPM leaders that was attacked on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998292", "title": "CBI briefs vigilance chief on 2G probe, I-T dept next in line", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Vigilance Commission is carrying out an extensive review of the probe into the 2G scam by various investigation agencies, on the orders of the Supreme Court.While a senior team from the Central Bureau of Investigation briefed CVC Pradeep Kumar and his senior officials on Tuesday, the Enforcement Directorate top brass reviewed the probe with CVC on Wednesday. The income tax department will brief CVC on Friday.Sources said CBI director A P Singh led a team of officers in their interaction with the CVC on Tuesday. Among those in the team were officials carrying out the 2G investigations. Sources said the CBI updated the CVC about the chargesheets filed in the case, progress of investigations against the accused individuals and companies, and the impediments faced by the agency.On Wednesday, the ED presented its status report into the 2G scam to the CVC. An ED team led by director Arun Mathur gave the presentation to CVC officials including CVC Kumar. The two-hour presentation by the ED encapsulated its probe related to alleged contraventions regarding money laundering and foreign exchange violations in the 2G case, which included information obtained by the agency from outside the country.The ED top brass told the CVC about the complexities in investigating the 2G case, given its international ramifications and spread over various tax havens. The investigation agency briefed CVC about the progress in obtaining information from various foreign tax havens. ED also briefed the CVC about the case registered under provisions of Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) against former Union minister Dayanidhi Maran and his brother Kalanidhi.In the 2G case, there are 17 accused individuals and three companies - Reliance Telecom, Swan Telecom and Unitech - facing trial in a special court in New Delhi. All the accused are charged under various provisions of Indian Penal Code for criminal breach of trust, conspiracy, cheating, forgery and the Prevention of Corruption Act.Former telecom minister A Raja, his former private secretary R K Chandolia, former telecom secretary Siddharth Behura, DMK MP Kanimozhi and Kalaignar TV MD Sharad Kumar are among those facing trial. Also facing trial are Reliance ADAG managing director Gautam Doshi, its senior vice-president Hari Nair, group president Surendra Pipara, Swan and DB group promoters Shahid Usman Balwa and Vinod Goenka, and Unitech chief Sanjay Chandra. Bollywood producer Karim Morani, Asif Balwa and Rajiv Aggarwal are also facing trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002714", "title": "Abusing others' not new to Taslima", "text": "Taslima Nasreen, well known Bangladeshi writer and publicity hungry who has always been under discussion for her controversial statements across the web.Earlier, she was noticed in reference to her twitter posting for different people including Shahrukh Khan (SRK), Priyanka Chopra , Aishwarya and her most remembered comment over Pakistani girls.While, as per the latest this time she has come up with an all new comment over the Internet's Queen Poonam Pandey and openly showed her anger over her recent remark over twitter: 'Attitude is like underwear'.Taslima tweeted: \"Poonam Pandey got naked but not satisfied. She wanna do dirtiest things none did before. Wants to get f****d in public!(sic)\"Taslima Nasreen further wrote \"My protest agnst d objectification is 4 women's dignity, not 4 publicity. My criticism ws agnst d video u endorsed.(sic).\"Leggy lass Poonam Pandey was noticed very quite against her irregular statement and in response to this Poonam added, \"well behaved women.,, rarely make history\" and followed by this Bombshell also added another hot and sexy Bikini picture.But things were not seem quite for the people and the water was seemed above her head then Poonam lastly tweeted, \"F*** what people say... Do YOU. Some people will hate you for it, but it's the ones that love you for it that are more important.\"Publicity hungry Taslima old tweets were:Against Muslim women: \"\"Muslim women deserve to have sex with 72 virgin men on the earth as they won't get these things in heaven. (sic.)\"\"For Shahrukh Khan: \"\"Some people are saying SRK is gay. Is it true? I guess he is not in the closet (sic).\"\"Against Priyanka Chopra: \"\"Priyanka Chopra's father said that Priyanka is like son to me. Such a foul-mouthed idiot; the hatred for girls hasn't ended yet. I am waiting for the day when fathers would feel proud of their sons and say 'my son is like a daughter to me'\"\"For Aishwarya: \"I love Aishwarya Rai. But when I said 'I wish she would give birth to a baby girl', people asked me, 'Why do you hate Aishwarya?'\"Today, we may say that government has taken a nice step against the content posted over social networking website or else it could create a lot of problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12003764", "title": "45kg explosives unearthed in Gondia", "text": "Gondia: In a 12-hour joint operation, the anti-Naxal branch of Gondia police, C 60 commandos, the bomb detection and disposal squad and Gadchiroli police unearthed 45kg of gelatin and four detonators, packed in a plastic drum and buried about four feet underground in Baswi ghat, about 4km from Chichgarh police station on Tuesday.Since two months, there were reports of presence of Naxals in areas surrounding Chichgarh police station in Deori tehsil. They were distributing literature and posters etc. In a search operation in Piparkhedi forest under Chichgarh police station about two months back, the Naxalites had opened fire on the security forces in which a constable was killed. About eight to 10 days back, they had gheraoed the forest surrounding Pipakhari and threatened private operators who transport forest produce that they should not be seen in this region.On Tuesday, the police received a tip-off that the rebels had stored explosives on Chichgarh-Korchi Road. The cops closed the Gondia-Gadchiroli road and started the search operation early in the morning. After a 12-hour operation, they found the plastic drum containing the explosives. Sources said that if the explosives had been detonated, even the landmine detecting armoured vehicle would have been blown off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11997770", "title": "Aspiring film actor assaulted", "text": "MUMBAI: An aspiring Bhojpuri film actress recently approached the police, complaining that residents of her housing society had assaulted her. Lavi Shrivastava, the complainant, stays in a rented flat at Motilal Nagar in Goregaon (W). The flat is owned by Lavi Rohatgi, who is an established Bhojpuri film actress. in the Bhojpuri industry.Rohatgi, who stays in Malad, said, \"Shrivastava stays at my Motilal Nagar flat with another girl, Anamika Singh. The incident took place last week while I was in Delhi. I learnt about it only on my return to Mumbai later.\"Recently, A day before the civic elections, Shrivastava and Singh had a guest at their place late in the night. The residents had a row over the guest's car parking and some residents assaulted Shrivastava and her guest. They smashed the car's window panes. Shrivastava has alleged that she was touched inappropriately. She told the cops that the residents used to object to her having guests over late at night.Two were held and later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12002447", "title": "Two arrested for stealing vehicles", "text": "MANGALORE: City police arrested two persons, linked to a racket selling stolen trucks, on Wednesday. A total of four tipper trucks, an ordinary truck, two bikes, two cars, spare parts and other accessories worth Rs 60 lakh were also seized from the accused.The arrested have been identified as Naveen Noronha, 36, and Dhananjaya, 25, residents of Kulshekhar here. City police commissioner Seemanth Kumar Singh said that the accused were part of a racket operating in parts of Udupi, Dakshina Kannada and Kasargod districts.\"The modus operandi of the gang was to dismantle and re-assemble stolen trucks and tippers. Later, it is sold using registration certificates of old abandoned trucks. The accused confessed that they have committed thefts at more than 13 places in Bajpe, Panambur, Mulky, Kavoor, Moodbidri and Surathkal areas,\" Singh said adding that more than 58 such trucks have already been sold by the accused. Singh announced a reward of Rs 20,000 for the team that busted the racket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kovur", "code": "12002242", "title": "In Kovur, it may not be cakewalk for YSR Congress", "text": "KOVUR: The March 18 bypoll battle for this constituency could prove to be a tough test for Kadapa MP YS Jaganmohan Reddy as he tries to cement his place in state politics given that the electoral success which he and his mother Vijayamma have enjoyed has been attributed by many to sympathy factor.Kovur is the only constituency out of the seven going to polls in the Seemandhra region where regional sentiments can be said to have not hit fever pitch. Local heavyweight Nallapureddy Prasanna Kumar Reddy has already started his campaign as the YSR Congress candidate and TDP candidate Somireddy Chandramohan Reddy, an old horse in district politics, is likely to hit the road in a day or two.Although Kovur is considered to be Nallapureddy's bastion, the former MLA is not looking too comfortable this time. The TDP's Somireddy, Prasanna Kumar's maternal uncle, is a strong contender and the nephew began preparing for the elections the moment his resignation from the Assembly was accepted.While the Congress is yet to name its candidate, former legislator Polamareddi Srinivasula Reddy is being tipped as the hot favourite to take on Prasanna, who had quit TDP to join hands with Jagan.Minister Anam Ramnarayana Reddy is, however, against Srinivasulu Reddy's candidature and has instead proposed financier Vemireddi Pattabhirami Reddy's name for this seat. With the CPM deciding to enter the fray, the quadrangular contest promises some intense political action in the lead up to the polls.Rumours are rife that the ruling Congress would enter into an understanding with TDP and back Somireddy as it has at least two good reasons for doing so. One, TDP's victory would severely dent Jagan's hopes of rising in AP politics and, second, Somireddy will move to Kovur leaving minister Ramnarayana Reddy without a strong rival in Sarvepalle.Although Prasanna is not a little worried, the YSR Congress camp does not seem too perturbed. \"We will expose the pact between CM and Chandrababu Naidu,\" local MP and YSR Congress leader Mekapati Rajamohan Reddy said. Both Prasanna and his father Srinivasula Reddy have won seven elections from Kovur, six of them on TDP ticket.Prasanna is banking on Tupakula Munemma, a PRP candidate who polled 22,000 votes in the last election with her having now joined the YSR Congress. He is also counting on the strong Reddy community.\"Basically, it's TDP's stronghold and not Nallapureddy's. We will prove it this time by ensuring Somireddy's triumph,\" asserted a senior TDP leader. Kovur has an electorate of 2.27 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12003734", "title": "5-D theatre to open at Traffic Park", "text": "NAGPUR: Visits to Traffic Park, located at Dharampeth, are about to get more entertaining for the kids and those accompanying them. Coming up inside the park is a theatre to provide an interactive movie experience with 5-dimensional digital effects. The theatre will be inaugurated on February 25.With a seating capacity of 16, the theatre has been equipped with systems like leg ticklers, back pokers and base shakers, which would give the viewer a real feeling of something crawling up the leg or moving up the back in synch with the movie. With the help of digital projection systems and ones which would provide environmental effects like artificial snowfall and smoke screens, the movies would come to life to provide a surreal viewing experience.What sure would make it a thrilling experience for the kids and elders alike are the water nozzles hung on the ceiling and in front of the seats which would spray water on the audience if the scene from the film so demanded. The synchronization of such special visual, sound, motion and environmental effects would put the audience right in the middle of the action.Describing the viewing experience, Atul Tibra, who has brought the project to the city, says, \"this theatre has been set up at a cost of Rs 35 lakh by a Gwalior-based firm Modern Techno Projects, which specialises in the business. The 4-D systems are limited only to seat effects like the leg tickler and back poker or base shaker that the viewer feels while watching the film. With 5-D he can experience snowfall, lightening, high winds and even smells. In future we can further enhance this by adding more fans, acoustics and features on the ceiling.\"The ticket cost for a show would vary between Rs 80 to Rs 100 depending upon the length of the film. Giving reason for keeping the capacity limited to 16, Atul adds, \"this will help us run the show even if we have five persons in the audience as that would make it cost effective.\" The audience would be given reusable 3-D goggles for viewing the film. The theatre would be open for the entire day and the project owners plan to offer a discount between 11 am and 5 pm. \"We are also offering the theatre for bookings for entire family and also for occasions like birthdays or other celebrations.\"First to be screened would be movies titled Rescue and Roller Coaster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12002391", "title": "Insurance company surveyor held for taking Rs 8,000 bribe", "text": "PUNE: The CBI's Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) on Tuesday arrested the surveyor of New India Assurance Company Limited while accepting Rs 8,000 as bribe for settling insurance claim of Rs 4.5 lakh.A complaint has been lodged by Jagdish Ramchandra Wadkar with the CBI against one Sanjiv Vasant Deshpande. Deshpande was produced before CBI special judge D R Mahajan, who remanded him to CBI custody till Thursday.Wadkar in his complaint stated that Deshpande had demanded Rs 10,000 as bribe for assessing and passing his vehicle insurance claim. The claim was lodged as Wadkar's truck had met with an accident. Deshpande was assessing the claim and in order to give a favourable report for clearing the claim of Rs 4.5 lakh, he demanded Rs 10,000 as bribe.Wadkar alleged that Deshpande threatened to reject the claim if the amount was not paid to him on February 21. Wadkar then lodged a complaint with CBI. The CBI team arrested Deshpande while accepting Rs 8,000 from Wadkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12002850", "title": "BJP will win elections, asserts confident Mehra", "text": "PANAJI: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Goa desk in-charge Arti Mehra has said that the BJP is getting overwhelming response and they will win a majority of seats in the March 3 assembly electionSpeaking to media persons, Mehra said, \"After talking to different segments of people, the atmosphere is in BJP's favour, beyond our expectations,\" she said.She also said she was pride that the party has directly and indirectly given eight seats to the Christian community. \"We have given winnable seats,\" added Mehra. This is the first time BJP has given so many seats to members of the Christian community.Mehra questioned the Congress party as to why they had not increased the amount for the DSS scheme though they were in power for the last five years. The Congress manifesto has promised to increase the amount from 1000 to 2500.NCP north Goa mahila morcha president Amisha Jadav, NCP secretary Sadanand Singbal and 90 supporters of Porvorim independent candidate Rohan Khaunte joined BJP on Wednesday, party sources said.BJP's Porvorim candidate Govind Parvatkar accused Khaunte of spreading false and misleading information that he (Khaunte) is the BJP candidate. Parvatkar also said that he has also claimed that he is a proxy BJP candidate and he will support BJP after he wins the election.\"We condemn and object to the false campaign undertaken by Khaunte in Porvorim,\" he said, adding that the BJP has lodged a complaint with the election commission.Parvatkar also said that BJP supporters are wholeheartedly working for him and even on Wednesday, 90 Khaunte supporters joined his party to support him.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11999577", "title": "Allegations in the petition against Congress leader Kripashankar", "text": "By misusing his political clout and office, Kripashankar Singh amassed wealth disproportionate to his known sources of income. As an MLA, his salary is Rs 45,000. He diverted his ill-gotten wealth to family members in disregard of public and national interestSingh was given large sums of money by former Jharkhand chief minister Madhu Koda, who was arrested in a money laundering caseHis family members deposited huge amounts of money in bank accountsHe has not disclosed to the income tax department properties worth crores that are in his wife Malti Devi's name. Among these properties are a duplex flat valued approximately at Rs 2.5 crore in Vile Parle (E) and a 1,100-sq-ft shop worth Rs 1 crore in PanvelTransactions of Rs 3.4 crore were made from an account belonging to wife Malti Devi, a homemaker, between March and November 2009. She has two accounts for forward commodity trading in gold and silverThe total \"turnover in\" Kripashankar's son Narendra Kumar Singh's account for two years is Rs 60 crore. Narendra owns several flats and a bungalow in Bandra. This, despite his quitting the only job-a pilot-he ever hadHis son, daughter and wife have no known sources of income that could explain the properties they possessIn a disproportionate assets case, investigating agencies are required to probe the person's sources of income and assets while he is a public servant. Singh became one in 1994 when he was elected to the state legislative council. In 1999, he was appointed a minister and continued in this post till 2004. He continues as an MLAHis assets-in family members' names or benami-are likely to be more and need to probedSome large transactions appear to have been passed off as loans, which were repaid after September 2009Over Rs 10 crore was received from the HDIL group of companies. What was this for?There were dealings worth crores with Dynamix and Nihar Constructions. ICICI Bank was shown to have given a loan of Rs 8.5 crore to Narendra Singh. What was this for and what was the security? Is it a part of disclosed assets?Singh used chartered flights routinely, but it is unclear at whose expenseCourt's orderThe Bombay High Court directed that a 2010 PIL be treated as the FIR against Singh and his family under the Prevention of Corruption Act. It asked Mumbai police chief Arup Patnaik to investigate the disproportionate assets case, and ordered the attachment of all movable and immovable properties-except bank accounts-belonging to Singh, his wife and children. The CP has been told to give a status report by April 19House thatAccording to the petitioner, Congress leader Kripashankar Singh and his family own at least 15 properties worth approximately 320.2 crore in Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh. Barring two, all the properties were purchased after 2004Kripashankar Singh, Malti Devi Singh (Wife)Duplex flat of 1,355 sq ft in Jupiter building on Veer Ganekar Marg in Vile Parle (E). The apartment is jointly in the name of son Narendra Kumar Singh. Approximate value: Rs 2.5 crore Shop admeasuring 1,100 sq ft at Sanistair in Panvel Municipal Corporation area. Approximate value: Rs 1 crore Commercial complex of 8,000 sq ft in Jaunpur, Uttar Pradesh. Approximate value: Rs 2 crore Land about 250 acres in size in Ratnagiri. The plot is jointly owned. Approximate value at the time of purchase in 2004: Rs 25 crore Flat admeasuring 1,076 sq ft at Sai Prasad in Bandra. Approximate value: Not mentionedTotal: 30.5 croreNarendra Kumar Singh (Kripa's Son)Bungalow admeasuring 5,000 sq ft called Tarang on Carter Road in Bandra (W). Approximate value: Rs 40 crore Triplex flat of 3,000 sq ft in underconstruction building called The Address on Mount Mary Road, Bandstand, Bandra (W).Approximate value: Rs 48 crore Office space of 22,500 sq ft in HDIL building, Bandra-Kurla Complex.Approximate value: Rs 112 crore Office space of 12,000 sq ft in Wadhwa Building, Trade Link Centre, Bandra-Kurla Complex.Approximate value: Rs 36 crore Shops in HDIL building in Bhandup (W). Value: Unknown Land of 959 sq yards in plot no. 63 in Santa Cruz Planning Scheme. Approximate value: Rs 38 croreTOTAL: 274 croreSunita Singh (Kripa's Daughter)Flat admeasuring 700 sq ft in Kingstone B. The apartment is jointly owned by Vijay Pratap Singh (Sunita's husband). Approximate value: Rs 1.2 croreFlat of 2,000 sq ft and a shop in Affaire building on Turner Road in Bandra (W). Approximate value: Rs 12 croreShops jointly 930 sq ft in size in Galarina Shopping Centre, Hiranandani Gardens, Powai. Approximate value: Rs 2.5 croreFlat in Abrosia, Hiranandani Gardens, Kurla. Approximate value: Not mentionedTOTAL: 15.7crore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11997816", "title": "UK phone-hacking: Cherie Blair sues Rupert Murdoch company", "text": "LONDON: Cherie Blair, barrister and wife of former prime minister Tony Blair, on Wednesday sued the now-defunct News of the World over hacking of her phone, joining a host of celebrities and others who have initiated legal proceedings against media baron Rupert Murdoch's company.Cherie's solicitor Graham Atkins confirmed a claim had been made \"in relation to the unlawful interception of her voicemails\" against News International and private investigator Glenn Mulcaire, who was allegedly hired by the closed tabloid to hack into phones of celebrities and others for information to be used in sensational stories.\"I can confirm that we have issued a claim on behalf of Cherie Blair in relation to the unlawful interception of her voicemails. I will not be commenting any further at this time,\" a statement from Atkins said.News International had settled 37 civil actions in January, and had paid out to another 21 victims of phone hacking earlier this month.The company is also seeking settlement with singer Charlotte Church, whose legal action will proceed to a full trial at the high court on Monday unless it is settled beforehand.Many more civil actions are likely to be mounted against News International.Alastair Campbell , the former communications director during Tony Blair's tenure as prime minister, told the Leveson inquiry in November that he believed it was \"possible\" that some stories about the Blairs were obtained by phone hacking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11999995", "title": "TERI, Australian university open a nano biotech centre in city", "text": "GURGAON: In a boost for Gurgaons research infrastructure, an Australian university has entered in a joint venture with The Energy and Resources Institute (TERI) to set up a Nano Biotechnology Centre.The TERI-Deakin research centre aims towards use of nanotechnology for resolving agricultural and biomedical issues.The facility was inaugurated by the Australian minister for innovation, services &amp; Small business Louise Asher on Wednesday. She visited the campus along with Professor Jane den Hollander, Vice Chancellor, Deakin University and RK Pachauri, director general TERI.\"This outstanding facility is the result of a dynamic partnership between TERI and Deakin University to augment research in the area of Nano Biotechnology, which will enable efficiency, effectiveness and provide solutions for a sustainable future,\" said Asher.The new laboratory will bring together Deakins expertise in the design and characterization of novel nanomaterials and TERIs experience in biotech applications in food, agriculture, environment and pharmacology. In 2010, the two institutions signed a memorandum of understanding announcing the setting up of the Nano Biotechnology Research Centre.\"What is particularly pleasing about this centre is that it is tackling research into global issues such as food security for a growing world population, sustainable agricultural practices and environmental sustainability,\" said Professor Hollander.The initiative will have approximately 70 researchers including 50 PhD students enrolled at Deakin and co-supervised by Deakin and TERI practitioners within five years. Highlighting the importance of the partnership, Pachauri said \"The Research seeks to find solutions to problems related to attaining sustainability and environmental degradation and has made a difference to the lives of many people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12000255", "title": "HC upholds DMK leader\u2019s detention under Goondas Act", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Wednesday upheld the detention of DMK functionary Dhanasekaran, a former councillor from KK Nagar, under the Goondas Act. With a division bench comprising Justice K Mohan Ram and Justice G M Akbar Ali dismissing a habeas corpus petition filed by his wife D Vijayakumari, Dhanasekaran became the first political detainee since the AIADMK came to power against whom charges under the Goondas Act have been upheld.More than a dozen DMK functionaries, detained similarly under the Goondas Act, have already walked out of jail after their detention orderswere quashedby thehighcourt.Dhanasekaran was detained following an order passed by the Chennai police commissioner on September 16, 2011 as he had at least six cases pending against him. He was described as a 'slum grabber' by the detaining authority.Concurring with the submissions of state public prosecutor I Subramaniam, the judges said : \"We do not find any reason to interfere with the order of detention passed by the detaining authority.\" Earlier, Vijayakumari's counsel N R Elango submitted that the pre-detention representation of Dhanasekaran dated September 6, 2011 was not duly considered. Public prosecutor Subramaniam, however, said non-consideration of the representation would not vitiate the detention order.The judges said : \"It is clear that all relevant materialsfoundin the book let furnished to the detainee had been placed before the advisory board, and, therefore, in our considered view, the non-placement of the pre-detention representation beforethe advisory boardwill not vitiate the order of detention.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001454", "title": "Prasad bowls Berlin over", "text": "It was indeed a historic moment for the Kannada industry when for the first time, a Kannada movie with a global theme and message, was premiered at the Berlin Film Festival, at the monumental Martin Gropius Bau recently.The lead pair, Arjun Sarja and Madhuri Bhattacharya, was much sought after throughout their visit to the German capital. In fact, fans and well-wishers from the audience and media said that they looked wonderful together.When asked about her experience, Madhuri said, \"I was absolutely overwhelmed by the love the Berlin audiences showered on us.\"Also at the centre of attention was producer Ashok Kheny of AKK Entertainment. He said, \"I'm happy that over the last few years, AKK Entertainment has won over the hearts of the best in the business, from Bangalore to Bollywood to Berlin.\"The tremendous turnout at the Prasad premiere included Mathias Schwerbrock (co-producer Don II/Film Base Berlin) , Gino Hau (President, Cineplex), Po Chu Au Yeung (Program Manager, Vancouver Film Festival), Victoria Mary Birkbeck (International coordinator Festival do Rio), Ishizaka Kezi (Program Director, Tokyo film Festival), Michael Harbauer (Festival Director, Schlingel Film Festival), Manoj Shrivastava (CEO, Goa Entertainment Society), S Narayan (Director, Mumbai International Film Festival) and Shatrugan Sinha (Indian Embassy, Berlin).The film's international sales representative at Bombay Berlin Films, Katharina Suckale said, \"We our are absolutely delighted that after Don II, the Indian film that was seen, talked and written about, was Prasad. \"Having made its mark internationally, Prasad is all set to be a boon to the box- office and the masses in India, when it releases next month in Kannada, Tamil and Telugu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kota", "code": "11998554", "title": "Talent reward test results announced", "text": "KOTA: The Resonance's coaching institute, known for preparing students for cracking IIT entrance exam, had announced the Scholarship and Talent Reward Test (STaRT-2012) results on February 18. The test was conducted on February 5 at 28 centers across the country.The toppers in different categories were awarded 11-day NASA-USA Tour and 6-Day Singapore Science Centre tour. The other top 500 performers were awarded laptops, desktops, media players and wrist watches. Students from Class VI to Class XII participated in the exam.According to Manoj Sharma, vice-president (operations &amp; business development), Resonance said, \"STaRT-2012 was launched simply as a national-level test to discover and reward talent through a genuine assessment of aptitude and subject knowledge.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11998565", "title": "\u2018Dharavi murder suspect in UP\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A Dharavi police team has left for Uttar Pradesh to arrest a woman, the prime suspect in the murder of 52-year-old grain dealer Vasant Jotha on Sunday. Police found that Jotha allegedly had affairs with several women and the suspect was the latest one.Deputy Commissioner of Police (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni confirmed that they are on track in cracking Jotha's murder. \"We changed our line of investigation after learning that there is no political rivalry involved. The suspect's arrest will give a precise picture in to the killing,\" said Kulkarni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002202", "title": "Govt makes a U-turn on docs' foreign trips", "text": "Times News NetworkINDORE: After initially accepting that government doctors had gone on foreign visits sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, the state government has now made a U-turn saying that none of the government doctors in the state went on sponsored foreign visits.In a written reply, chief minister Shivraj Singh informed the House that none of the doctors working in the government-run hospitals went on sponsored foreign visits in the last five years.The state government had earlier provided details of the doctors and list of sponsored visits made by them. A probe was also conducted by divisional commissioner Prabhat Parashar in December last year to find out involvement of doctors in clinical trials. Parashar had ordered a fresh probe after finding the information provided by the doctors misleading.It was revealed in the state assembly that Dr Anil Bharani, Dr Apoorva Puranik, Dr Salil Bhargava, Dr Hemant Jain had visited Malaysia, Thailand, Hong Kong, Spain, London, Dubai, Switzerland, China and USA sponsored by pharma companies, without informing authorities violating the Medical Council of India(MCI) rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12002135", "title": "ESIC buys time on relieving state's health staff", "text": "INDORE: The officials of Employees State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) Hospital are buying time and are ignoring the orders of the state government about handing over the services of the state staff back. The Madhya Pradesh health department has sought repatriation of its staff working in ESIC hospitals as the state is already facing a shortage of staff.Principal Secretary Labour had on the request of the state health department directed the ESIC hospital to relieve about 173 staff members that includes nursing and para-medical staff within a fortnight. However, neither the staff nor the ESIC seem to be interested.Top officials at the ESIC have sought six months time from director general of the corporation to relieve the state government staff. \"We have written to director general to seek six months time to make necessary arrangements,\" said Dr K.C Vishwas, Superintendent ESIC hospital.The staff who are on deputation are not interested in getting back to parent cadre as ESIC being a central government body pays a higher pay package to its employees than the state government.Nearly 30% of the doctors of state government are working at ESIC on deputation since almost four years after extension of deputation period each year.This is not the first time that the state government has requisitioned its staff back. Last year in May the state had issued a similar order that was put under wraps by the ESIC. However, facing a crisis of health staff the state is in no mood to give in this time as the Principal Secretary Labour Pukhraj Maru said, \"It is a government order and has to be implemented at the earliest. Government is facing staff crunch and it is crippling health services in state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998261", "title": "Political parties use cops to retain power: Former Union home secretary G K Pillai", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stating how badly police personnel are being used by politicians, former Union home secretary G K Pillai on Wednesday said that the police were an instrument to keep the ruling political party in power and every party had done so.\"Any ruling party, irrespective of whether it is CPI (M) or DMK or AIADMK or Congress...anybody...the police are an instrument to keep the political party in power. Every party has used this,\" Pillai said.Speaking at a round table conference, Pillai, who retired as home secretary last June, said: \"Police do a lot of activities which are outside the purview of law. You have property disputes... you have any number of issues... encroachment ...all these things are informally solved by the police in the country. Hundreds and thousands of cases are solved (by police). You don't go to the courts but they are solved by the police informally\".\"Now what happens is in some cases the police did not do justice because the system has lacked justice. In some of the states, vested interests approach the police and therefore the police then become an arm of the vested interest to work the other way around...they are going to create more injustice...,\" Pillai was quoted as saying by PTI.He was speaking a discussion during the conference on Spatial issues and Maoist insurgency in India, organized by the Observer Research Foundation.The former home secretary also pointed out that IPS officers fear punishment of being transferred. He said: \"You don't have the rule of law because no IPS officer is willing to... well I say, take the punishment of being transferred...Police training is a punishment posting. In the IPS, any of IPS officers sent as principal or so of police training college...is a punishment posting\".On the Naxal issue, Pillai said the \"core of the problem\" is spread in 70,000 sq km area in various states.\"I think the whole Maoist movement itself was accelerated in the last decade primarily because of this economic boom... because the number of MoUs, number of mining projects which came up in this area...suddenly come up...,\" he was quoted by PTI.Pillai also said the issues in the Maoist-hit states bear a \"history of exploitation\", but government schemes are being launched and implemented to address these issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12002844", "title": "When Thrissur was the gateway to Kerala", "text": "KOCHI: More often than not untold stories of a region are dusted and polished to connect dots in its history with a view to linking its past to the present.Historian T R Venugopalan is attempting exactly the same through his Sampathum Adhikaravum: Thrissurilninnulla oru kaazcha. (Wealth and Power: A Perspective from Thrissur). In 370 pages, Venugopalan audits the socio-economic and political moulds that the present-day Thrissur played during the formation of Kerala from 500 B.C to 1800 A.D.In five sections and 13 chapters, the book revisits history of Thrissur using historiographical concepts like stone age, state formation and emergence of swarupams or the ruling house of the natuvazhis.Emphasizing on the historical significance of Thrissur, Venuguopalan said Mahodayapuram (Kodungallur) in Thrissur was the capital of the Perumal State ( 800 AD to 1122 AD), which was the first ever state formed in Kerala.Also, the first contacts with the global trading communities like Jews, Arab/Muslims and Christians were through Thrissur as the port at Kodungallur was the then gateway,'' he said.The Perumal State was being governed by a four-member Brahminical Council called Naluthali and two representatives in it were from Thrissur, Eiranikkulam and Irinjalakkuda, then known as Irinkadikoodal.The book examines how the medieval temples in Kerala became the biggest landowners and in the process, defined and determined the land relations of Kerala. The Peruvanam temple at Cherpu was the biggest landowner owning 36 kathams (approximately 180 miles) of forest wealth from Akamala in the north (near Vatakkanchery) to Kotassery in the South which included Machat, Vazhaani, Kuthiran and Palappilli,'' he said.Venugopalan relied on conventional and unconventional sources for unravelling the history of Thrissur. He rummaged through documents on archaeological excavations, travelogues, administrative records, and Granthavaris (minutes of the temple Yogams or councils).The book to be released on February 29 in Thrissur has an introduction by former Chairman of the Indian Council of Historical Research (ICHR) MGS Narayanan and it is the third of the major works of Prof Venugopalan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12002753", "title": "Israeli duo: MEA to probe visa process", "text": "KOCHI: The Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) will look into the procedures that were followed while processing the visa applications of an Israeli couple against whom Kerala Police had given an advisory report recommending deportation. The couple - Shneor Zalman and Yaffa Shenoi - is staying in Fort Kochi in a rented house.Officials said the Union Home Ministry had forwarded the files pertaining to the couple to the MEA for detailed examination. \"There was some confusion when the visa applications of the couple were processed. The MEA will conduct an inquiry and convey the result to the Home Ministry,\" the officials said.Ernakulam district collector P I Sheik Pareeth told TOI that he was waiting for the report from the Union Government. \"We have apprised the Union Government of the procedures followed by the district administration when deportation notices were served on the couple,\" he said. He will have to get a communication from the Union Government to take a final decision, the collector said.The couple is in India on a tourist visa. They had applied for permission to conduct Jewish synagogue service in the visa application. But this was not endorsed when their visa was processed. Shneor Zalman and Yaffa Shenoi then presented their case before the collector as per high court direction.Their tourist visa is valid up to April 7. On February 7, the collector served \"Quit India\" notices on the Israeli couple after the state Intelligence filed an adverse report against the two. According to the report, the couple had violated tourist visa norms and was indulging in activities that those on tourist visa were not supposed to do.On receiving the deportation notice, the couple approached the high court challenging it. It was after this that the court directed the collector to hear their grievances before taking a final decision on deportation.The two came to the city on March 3, 2010, and were staying in a house at Rose Street, Fort Kochi. When their visas expired on March 3 last year, they went out of the country and returned on April 1, 2011 on a new visa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12000957", "title": "MLA threatens stir against 'cop bias'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Dhenkanal legislator Nabin Nanda (NCP) threatened to stage a dharna from Thursday protesting alleged police bias against him.Nanda said he, his son and some supporters were attacked allegedly by BJD workers during re-polling in two wards at Nihal Prasad in Dhenkanal's Gondia block on February 20, but police refused to accept his FIR.\"The Dhenkanal SP (Satish Gajbhiye) tore the FIR I had filed and did not register any case. Unless a case is lodged basing upon my FIR at the earliest, I will sit on a dharna from tomorrow,\" Nanda said in the Assembly on Wednesday. Nanda expressed worries about his safety, saying: \"I fear threat from the police.\"Nanda accompanied by NCP legislature party leader Amar Prasad Satpathy also called on chief minister Naveen Patnaik and ventilated their grievances before him.The Dhenkanal SP refuted Nanda's allegations, saying he had last met the MLA around three months back. \"Where is the question of me tearing his FIR?\" he asked, adding, \"He is trying to cover his misdeeds by making wild allegations against police. It was his supporters who hurled petrol bombs at a police vehicle, seriously injuring two constables.\"Gajbhiye said on Tuesday two cases, one from the police side and another from by Tutu Sahu, a BJD supporter, had been registered against Nanda and his acolytes at Nihal Prasad police station on charges of conspiracy, attempt to murder, hindering the election process and obstructing official machinery.On Wednesday, one case was filed basing on Nanda's complaint sent to the DGP, he added. Nanda, in his FIR, has named seven to eight BJD workers as conspiring to kill him, the SP added. \"Nanda did not give us any FIR; he sent it to the DGP and it was forward to us. We registered a case on receiving that,\" Gajbhiye added.Police had earlier said they would seek the Assembly Speaker's permission to arrest Nanda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12002697", "title": "At 36\u00b0C, Wednesday was decade's fifth hottest day for Pune in Feb", "text": "PUNE: The summer heat is on with the city recording 36 degrees celsius on Wednesday, the fifth hottest day for the month of February in the last one decade. The maximum temperature was three notches above the normal mark.The rising day time heat over the last few days has, however, shown no perceptible effect on the night temperatures that have actually gone down in the last two days, to be recorded at 12.8 degrees celsius on Wednesday, a notch above normal.Pune's hottest day for February in the last one decade was recorded at 37.4 degrees celsius on February 28, 2009, while the all-time high was 38.9 degrees celsius recorded on February 28, 1953.In the last 10 years, the maximum temperature has gone above the 36 degrees celsius mark in February on three other occasions. These were: 36.8 degrees celsius on February 25, 2004; 36.5 degrees celsius on February 23/26, 2006, and 36.3 degrees celsius on February 22, 2010.Officials at the Shivajinagar observatory of the India Meteorological Department (IMD) said that the substantial difference of 23.2 degrees celsius between the day and the night temperatures is indicative of dryness in the atmosphere, which is resulting in no trapping of heat during night time.\"As of now, there is no moisture incursion or night-time cloud cover,\" IMD's director (weather central) Sunitha Devi told TOI. \"Usually, the day time heat is caused by the incoming solar radiation, which gets trapped when there is moisture and cloud cover, leading to warmer nights,\" she said.\"The prevailing dryness in atmosphere means there is no trapping of the outgoing solar radiation during night time and this is bringing the night temperatures down,\" she added.Devi said, \"There is nothing unusual about the difference in the maximum and the minimum temperatures considering the prevailing synoptic conditions, which are conducive for dry atmosphere.\"\"The peninsular India, which constitutes mostly the southern parts of the country, is getting heated during day time and this is preventing moisture incursion and cloud formation,\" said Devi.The IMD has forecast the maximum temperatures to remain around 35 degrees celsius over the next 48 hours while the minimum temperature is likely to remain around 13 degrees celsius in the next 24 hours and may go up to 14 degrees celsius in the 24 hours thereafter.Over the last one week, the maximum temperature in the city has gone up from 30.9 degrees celsius on February 16 to 36 degrees celsius on Wednesday.In comparison, the minimum temperature has continued to go up and down, starting with 9.8 degrees celsius on February 16 and 9 degrees celsius on February 17 before climbing up to 14.8 degrees celsius on February 19 and once again coming down to 12.8 degrees celsius on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12000896", "title": "TNEB wary of buying power from pvt producers", "text": "CHENNAI: Last year, when electricity demand surged, Tamil Nadu was able to tide over the crisis as it had bought enough power in advance. This year, however, the outlook is dim as the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) is yet to the clear the debts of electricity producers, public and private.There are over 20 private power producers within Tamil Nadu who generate around 800MW. Besides buying from private producers, the board also purchased power from other states.The quantum of electricity purchased was nearly 1,500MW to 2,000MW last year. The cost of power was also high, with the board paying anywhere between 5 and 15 per unit. \"Since the power crisis started in 2008, the demand-supply gap till last year was only around 2,000MW. But in the last few months of 2011, the gap widened to nearly 3,000MW and now it stands at 4,000MW. Once the peak summer starts, demand for electricity will increase further,\" said a power manager. The board is in a fix now as it is not sure about how to manage the situation. \"Last year, we purchased 1,500MW of electricity from private players at high prices and somehow managed the situation. But this time, we are not able to buy as we still owe 10,000 crore to suppliers,\" said the power manager.Now, TNEB is only able to get 150MW. \"We are already in a financial mess and we don't want to buy power at high costs. We will only buy only if the rate is around 4 per unit. We just have to bear with the problem for a couple of months,\" said a TNEB official.TNEB officials are optimistic as from May, the wind power generation will increase. The three major projects - Vallur, Mettur and North Chennai - will also be commissioned this year, claim officials. As on date, the power demand stands at nearly 11,500MW, while generation is only 7,500MW. Consumption is bound to increase once the summer heat intensifies. \"The main problem will be at night when people start using airconditioners,\" said a board official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12000981", "title": "Home guard held for 'rape'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A home guard was arrested on Wednesday on charges of raping a girl in Bhubaneswar on the Mahashivratri night on Monday. Interestingly, the accused, Prasana Kumar Lenka, and the victim had put up in a hotel at Bapuji Nagar. The girl and his father filed an FIR against the man the next morning.\"The couple had checked into the hotel around 10 pm on Monday and went out at midnight,\" the hotel manager told media. Police suspected that the couple had an affair before their relation turned sour due to unknown reasons. \"We arrested him following an FIR against him,\" a police officer said. The girl's father denied she had any relation with Lenka. Meanwhile, Lenka has been suspended from service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11998203", "title": "Video song promoting Patna launched", "text": "PATNA: Patna Marathon team on Wednesday launched a video song, 'Ganga ke tireh tireh...', depicting Patna as one of the most emerging cities of the world.Launching the song, RK Sinha, known as 'Dolphin Man', said he expected the song to be a big hit.Patna Marathon's Ravi Kumar said the song was written by a Bihari student, Prabhu Singh, and composed by Shruti Sharma of J&amp;K.; Rekha Rao, a Mumbai-based singer, has given voice to it while the videography was done by Amrit Raj and technical support provided by Patna MAAC team. The song, produced by Nitin Chandra, has been uploaded on YouTube .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12000010", "title": "Soon, a lane for autos in old city", "text": "GURGAON: The traffic police will make a separate lane in the old city exclusively for autorickshaw movement under a decongestion plan. They also plan to do away with roundabouts from the area.As most shared autorickshaws ply in the old city and originate from Mahavir Chowk, the traffic police are mulling creation of a separate lane for them, thus streamlining their movement.The DCP said the traffic situation was chaotic in the area because of the autorickshaws which halted at any point on the road and mostly do not follow traffic rules.A separate lane on the extreme left side, likely to be demarcated by a yellow line, will be drawn around Mahavir Chowk along Sohna Road and towards MDI Chowk for this purpose. Subsequently, any autorickshaw found plying outside the lane will be challaned for violating lane-driving. However, this will be first done on a trial basis to see its feasibility, the DCP said.Arora said that the new lane would be on the lines of the BRT (bus rapid transit).\"If possible, we would also try to put barriers in places to demarcate the lanes,\" she added.A traffic inspector (TI) has been given the job of submitting a report on the matter at the earliest. TI Ratan Lal said he was gathering all the details for the purpose. Lal added that once the system was in place, traffic congestion would be reduced to a large extent. As of now, they not only indulge in overtaking and moving in any of the lanes on the road, they also stop anywhere on the road, unmindful of the chaos they leave behind.Sources said that the issue was discussed by the DCP in a meeting with the MCG commissioner on Friday. Arora also stressed the need to do away with roundabouts including the one at Mahavir Chowk at the earliest. The commissioner had given a positive \"assurance\" in this direction.There are seven more roundabouts in the old city for which the traffic police are seeking either resizing or removal. According to the traffic police list, the spots are MDI Chowk, Sector 4/7 Chowk, Parkashpuri Chowk Sector 4/5, Atul Kataria Chowk, Morni Chowk and Telephone Exchange C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12002920", "title": "Mangalore Excise Commissionerate among top nine revenue generators", "text": "MANGALORE: The Central Excise and Service Tax Commissionerate has collected Rs 4,960 crore of Central Excise for the year 2010-11 duty making it the ninth top revenue yielding Commissionerate in the country. MVS Choudary, commissioner of Central Excise and Service Tax, the major revenue yielding commodities of Mangalore Commissionerate were petroleum products, ores and slags, and Iron and steel products. He said the major revenue yielding services of this Commissionerate were banking and financial services, port services, storage and warehousing service and works contract service. During the year 2010-11, this Commissionerate has collected Rs 260 crore of Service Tax.He said the anti evasion team of this department has cracked down on tax evaders and unearthed duty evasion of Rs 1.50 crore in five Central Excise Cases as on date. The anti-evasion team was also successful in detecting service tax evasion of Rs 6.66 crore in 35 cases and recovering Rs 2.68 crore as on date. The modus operandi adopted by the tax evaders are - collection of service tax from their clients but not declaring and paying to the department; Rendering of taxable service without obtaining Registration and payment of service tax and Misinterpretation of exemption notifications.The audit team also detected short levy of Service tax and Central Excise to the tune of Rs.47.45 crore and recovered Rs 9.48 crore. Major cases of import of taxable services on which service tax has not been paid and irregular availment of cenvat credit have been detected, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "tirupur", "code": "11999395", "title": "Portrait of 2 suspects in Tirupur burglary created", "text": "TIRUPUR: Tirupur police have created portraits of two suspects in the burglary at Alukkas Jewellery shop on Kumaran Road on Wednesday, based on inputs provided by a shop owner on Eswaran Koil Street where two north Indians had bought a gas cutter without attempting to bargain. The shop owner is confident of identifying them, should they be apprehended.As much as 36kg of gold jewels and 2kg of diamonds, valued in the market at Rs 10 crore, were stolen from the jewellery shop. Police have fixed the value of the stolen ornaments at Rs 7.125 crore. Five special teams are working round-the-clock on the case.Four gas cutters, two that run on oxygen and two on LPG, were seized from the crime scene. Police have identified a shop on Eswaran Koil Street where one of the cutters was bought. A special police team has come to Coimbatore to ascertain whether gas cutters were used in recent thefts in the city. Similar teams have also gone to Dharmapuri and Vellore.In Dharmapuri, one instance of theft where gas cutters were used to break into a jewellery shop has been identified. The accused who gained entry through the ventilator using cutters, have not been arrested. Another case has been identified in Vellore where burglars broke into a mobile shop using cutters. In this case too the burglars are at large.According to sources, a four-member gang of north Indians had been watching a shop on Kumaran Road for nearly a week before the burglary. Police suspect the accused to be from West Bengal. \"We are focussing on several angles but are yet to achieve a breakthrough. We are hoping to solve the case soon as we have some vital clues,\" said Tirupur superintendent of police V Balakrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001813", "title": "History-sheeter \u2018attacks\u2019 trader", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police are on the lookout for rowdy-sheeter of Golconda police station, Arshad Bakhtiar, who allegedly went on an attacking spree in Humayun Nagar and Banjara Hills police station limits late on Tuesday night.According to sources, Bakhtiar first attacked one Mohammed Shakeel alias Sami with a sword in First Lancer area and fled. Sami's brother Safi Siddiqui reportedly owed some money to one Sarwar who hired the services of Bakhtiar to recover it.Though Bakhtiar visited the residence of Safi and Sami in the past and also recovered part of the loan, he entered into an altercation with them on Tuesday. Later Bakhtiar took out a sword and attacked Sami on the head and escaped from the scene.\"We have registered a case of attempt-to-murder against the assailant and are looking out for him,\" Humayun Nagar inspector Madhukar Swamy said. On the same night Bakhtiyar, in a drunken state, also attacked five other persons -- Mohammed Ali, Mohammed Abu Bakar, Mohammed Rahman, Mohammed Ahmed (all brothers) and Mohammed Afzal. Bakhtiar. \"We have launched a manhunt for the rowdysheeter,\" Banjara Hills inspector M Sudarshan said.Police sources said that Bakhtiar's rowdy-sheet was opened in 2004 by the Humayun Nagar police and later shifted to the Golconda police station as he was living in that area. He had disappeared from the police radar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11999326", "title": "Sandeep went to Sector 38 to buy drugs, suspect cops", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sandeep Singh, 29, was jobless and police believe that he had probably gone to buy the contraband in Sector 38 A, when the incident happened on Monday.Sandeep, who had completed his education till Class XII, had returned from Australia around a year back and belonged to a middle-class family. However, police said he was fond of lavish lifestyle and expensive cars.He has confessed his crime and was sent to judicial custody on Wednesday.\"Sandeep is a drug addict. He has confessed to the crime and we have already impounded the vehicle that was used in the crime therefore we did not appeal for his remand. He was jobless and belonged to a middle-class family,\" Gurmeet Singh, investigation officer of the case, told TOI.\"He was fond of affluent lifestyle and big cars. He could have come to buy drugs from Sector 38 on Monday when he hit the child. We are questioning the residents of this locality to confirm the possibility,\" stated Singh.However, police said at this point of time, it was difficult to comment on whether he was under the influence of drugs at the time of committing the crime or not. \"As his medical examination was delayed, by several hours, so in the preliminary report we have not found traces of drugs. But we have sent his urine and drug samples for testing at forensic laboratory and its report will make things clear,\" stated Gurmeet.Sandeep is accused of killing four-year-old Gehana in a hit-and-run case that had rocked the city on Monday. He has been booked under Section 304 of the Indian Penal Code (culpable homicide not amounting to murder).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11998631", "title": "Ashok Gehlot does not want farmers' rally in Jaipur: BJP leader", "text": "JAIPUR: Senior BJP leader Rampal Jat, who has announced to hold a 'kisan mahapanchayat' in the state capital on Sunday, has alleged that the administration has refrained from giving the required permission. Jat accused the chief minister of shying away from addressing farmers' issues and deliberately disallowing a farmers' rally to be held in the city.\"Chief minister Ashok Gehlot has time and again given several assurances to the farmers but done little. The Congress in its manifesto had promised best possible rates for the crops but has not even been able to declare the minimum support price on time,\" said Jat, interacting with the media on Wednesday. The senior BJP leader alleged that the authorities were deliberately dilly-dialing on providing them the needed permission to hold a rally.\"We applied for permission for the rally at the Udyog Maidan on January 2, 2012, but it is still pending. On the other hand, the administration has allowed the employees of women and child development department to hold a programme at the same venue on Sunday,\" said Jat, adding the employees of the department had applied for permission after them. Gehlot himself is the chief guest of that function, he said.Jat claimed the authorities did not even deny permission, had they done so the rally could have been shifted to some other venue. \"However, they have kept us waiting. We paid Rs 40,000 for parking at Amroodon ka Bagh and if we are not given the permission, we will hold it at Amroodon ka Bagh even if the crowds spill on to the roads,\" warned Jat.Jat's kisan mahapanchayat on Sunday is being seen as a show of strength, much for his own party BJP rather than against the state government. It is an attempt to regain his lost position in the party and be known as popular Jat and farmers' leader. Thousands of farmers from 23 districts of the state are expected to participate in the rally. When asked about party's stand on the permission issue, he said they were not aware about the event. He refused to elaborate further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12002726", "title": "Four workers injured in WISL blast", "text": "VASCO: Four workers of Western India Shipyard Limited (WISL), Mormugao port, were injured in a blast that rocked the premises on Wednesday afternoon.The incident happened when the workers were cutting metal in the ship. It is believed that an explosive device or substance went off due to the heat generated during the cutting process. It is not known from where the explosive came.The victims are Rajesh Gupta, 27, Raju Gaur, 34, Ramakant Chauvan, 24 and Pradeep Gupta, 34. They were immediately rushed to a private hospital in Chicalim where they are undergoing treatment.Mormugao police inspector Rahul Parab said, \"Investigations are at a preliminary stage and the technical aspect is being investigated by the factories and boilers inspectors who have come down from Panaji.\"Sadashiv Paranjape, chief inspector of factories and boilers, said, \"Our team is come down to WISL and is conducting investigations. By Thursday morning their reports will be submitted and I will pay a personal visit to the site, only after this I will comment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12003498", "title": "Pan Pizza festival in the town", "text": "It is time to give a healthy twist to pizzas. Celebrate your love for the cheese-coated, sumptuous Italian preparation at the authentic Italian Pan Pizza Festival at Eggspectation, the in-house restaurant of Jaypee Siddharth, Jaypee Vasant Continental and Jaypee Greens Golf and Spa Resort.Come and treat yourself to an exotic spread of pan pizzas that reflect original Italian taste. It's called the 'Pizza in Padella Festival' and rightly so because the pizzas are cooked in a pan as well as given a zing of health to them.Enzo Renda, the owner of Eggspectation, has conceptualized and highlighted authenticity of Italian food, their basic ingredients and their cooking methods. His initiative showcases India has become an important market for international food chains.Bite into a slice of the season's most delectable Italian offering:- Con Ricotta (Ricotta cheese, mozzarella cheese, parmesan cheese, infused roasted garlic olive oil, fresh oregano and basil)- Ortolana (San Marzano tomato sauce, fresh basil, eggplant, zucchini, roasted peppers, pumpkin and mozzarella)- Alla Greca (San Marzano spicy tomato sauce, roasted red peppers, black olives, grilled eggplant, feta cheese and fresh oregano)- Tandoori (Tandoori chicken, San Marzano tomato sauce, red onion rings, mozzarella cheese, fresh cilantro)- Americana 'All Dressed' (San Marzano tomatoes sauce, mozzarella cheese, spicy salami, grilled red peppers, grilled green peppers and fresh oregano)- Punjab Fusion (Tandoori raan, San Marzano tomato sauce, onions, green chillies and mozzarella)- Kadhai Style (Tandoori cottage cheese, baby corn, mushrooms, tomato sauce, red onion rings, mozzarella cheese, fresh cilantro)- Masala (Chickpeas masala, tomato sauce, onions, green chillies, tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese)- Alla Puttanesca (San Marzano tomato sauce, anchovies, capers, fresh tomatoes and mozzarella)- Piri Piri (Piri piri shrimp, San Marzano spicy tomato sauce, roasted Garlic, mozzarella cheese, fresh basil and drizzled with garlic oil)- Punjab Fusion (Tandoori raan, San Marzano tomato sauce, onions, green chillies and mozzarella)- Pizza Con Fragole E Nutella (Chocolate hazelnut spread, mascarpone cream cheese, strawberries and CointreauWhen: On till 4 March, 2012 Where: Eggspectation, Jaypee Siddharth, Jaypee Vasant Continental and Jaypee Green Golf and Spa Resort, New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11999653", "title": "Folk songs strike a political chord", "text": "Lakshmi thee ya Durga thee, woh swayam veerta ki avtaar, Dekh Marathe pulkit hote uske talwaron ke waar, Nakli yuddh, wyuh ki rachna aur khelna khoob shikaar, Sainya gherna, durg todna, yeh the uske priya khilwaar. Maharashtra Kul Devi uski bhi aaraadhya Bhavaani thee, Bundelo Harbolon ke muh hamne sunee kahaani thee, khoob ladi mardaani, woh to Jhansi waali Rani thee.LUCKNOW: These lines on Jhansi ki Rani penned by Hindi poetess Subhadra Kumari Chauhan, not only throw light on the valour of Rani Lakshmi Bai, but also instill patriotism and pride among the natives. It is perhaps this characteristic of instantaneously churning the patriotic quotient that has compelled the political parties to use them and brighten their poll prospects in the region.Expressing confidence that folk songs helps in building an instant rapport with the voters, especially in rural areas which do not have much access to urban culture, Rajendra, an aide of Brijendra Vyas alias Damdam Maharaj, the Congress candidate from Jhansi Nagar, said, \"Bundeli folk songs help us in establishing an instant connect with our voters. Since Jhansi is largely rural in nature, folk songs have helped us in making our views known to the voters. During canvassing, a voter instantly framed a couplet: \"Ab hoga ant bhrashtachaar ka, anyay ke raaj ka, hoga uday Damdam Maharaj ka\". These lines indeed made us realise the importance of folk culture among the people of this region, and strengthened our faith in the folk music and culture, said Rajendra.President of Bundelkhand Congress and Bollywood actor Raja Bundela, when asked why he opted for Bundeli folk as a medium to communicate with voters, said, \"I am a son of the soil. Using Bundeli music and songs helps me and partymen to directly connect with the voters. Though on popularity charts, Bundeli is relatively lower as compared to other regional dialects, yet it is a powerful medium of communication here. And, this prompted me to bank heavily on this as a medium of communication.\"Giving an insight into the local dialect prevalent in parts of Bundelkhand, Rajesh Katiyar, a BJP leader and an aide of saffron leader Uma Bharti said, \"When Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi accused Didi (Uma Bharti) of being an outsider to Uttar Pradesh, Didi gave a befitting reply. She said, \"100 khandi, ek Bundelkhandi\". In other words, it means that one Bundelkhandi is enough to handle 100 persons. And after this episode, most of the leaders in the region are using this line to assert themselves.Amit Singh , who completed his Bachelors in Computer Application from Dr HS Gaur University, Sagar (MP), said, \"I am a resident of Jhansi's Mauranipur and I had attended some of the election rallies in Jhansi and Lalitpur. And I feel that people in UP's Bundelkhand establish an instant connect whenever anyone tries to address them in their dialect. Such is the intensity of their love for their dialect. Probably, politicians came to know about this feeling and are harnessing it to the maximum possible extent to reap a rich harvest in terms of seats.\"Folk singer and lyrics writer Nirmohi 'Akela', son of famous folk singer late Kishan Lal, who is lending a folk touch to Raja Bundela's election campaign, said, \"Using Bundeli as a communication medium helps us to make an instant connect with the voters, especially in rural areas, and it also helps in enhancing the strength of the dialect and thereby increasing its usage and popularity.\" When asked what prompted him to go for Bundelkhand Congress, Akela said, \"Since, Bundela is a man who still maintains a grassroots connect and is concerned about Bundelkhand's development, I went with him.\"One of the popular songs that Nirmohi 'Akela' is widely using in Bundela's poll campign is: \"Jitni bani itaiy sarkar, sabnaiy karao hai bhrashtachar; niyam kanoon sabre tor daare, aur..tor niyam netaji bhaiyya, dagaa rajya saiy karraye. Janta bichari bhukhi marrai, je apnon ghar bhar raye.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12001103", "title": "From today, Senate House to showcase history", "text": "CHENNAI: From Thursday, the historic Senate House, the first building of University of Madras, will have a permanent exhibit of photographs that highlight the contributions of the university to education in south India.At least 320 photographs in A3-size, including 16 folios with inscriptional details of the education system in the past, have been put up in the main hall of the building. Each picture has a story to tell, beginning with a paper folio of inscriptions from ghatikas (seats of higher learning during the Pallava period) and mutts (monasteries ) as educational centres in medieval Tamil Nadu.The exhibition is also a pictorial recollection of the people and events that contributed to the university, which is one of the oldest in India along with University of Calcutta and University of Bombay.The photographs have been arranged in 25 sub-divisions. Each division has at least 10 to 15 pictures with detailed captions. \"We have exhibited photographs of dignitaries, Indians as well as foreign nationals, who were part of the institution and education in the city as a whole. We have also included the old buildings, particularly schools that were later converted into colleges. Presidency College, Government Arts College and Madura College are the best examples,\" says P D Balaji, head of the department of ancient history and archeology, whose team took almost a year to collect the photographs from various sources.Constructed between 1869 and 1873 by British architect Robert Fellowes Chisholm, the Senate House was where the first meeting of the Madras Legislative Assembly of the then Madras Presidency took place in 1937. With its colourful glass windows, stucco work and frescoes on the ceiling, it is a wonder of the Indo-Saracenic style with Byzantine and European architectural features.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12002479", "title": "Social workers\u2019 meet from today", "text": "MANGALORE: School of Social Work, Roshini Nilaya will organize 'Spandana - 2012', a two-day national student social worker's meet with the theme 'social work in the era of modernization' in the college premises here from Thursday. The annual event of the college provides platform for the convergence of student social workers from all over the country. It allows student social workers to share thoughts, ideas and knowledge to work together towards serving the society in a better way.Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat chief executive officer K N Vijayaprakash will inaugurate the event on February 23.Fulbright Nehru visiting lecturer from Michagan, USA Chathapuram S Ramanathan will deliver the keynote address while college principal Sophia Fernandes will preside. Kishore Atavar, co-ordinator, Policies and Planning Unit, joint initiation of Azim Premji Foundation and Government of Karnataka will be the guest of honour at the valedictory to be held on February 24. Roshni Alumni Association president Moideen Ibrahim will be the guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11998607", "title": "Gunned down fugitive came to commit serious crime, say Jaipur police", "text": "JAIPUR: The fugitive from Haryana who was gunned down by unknown assailants on Tuesday had come to the city with one of his accomplice reportedly to commit a serious crime.Police believed that the fugitive, Surendra alias Dathu (29), had planned to either abduct a city businessman or loot his home. But, before he could proceed further, he was attacked and killed. Jaipur police investigating the case have not ruled out the possibility of an encounter with their counterparts from Haryana in this case.A day after Dathu was found shot dead at Pushpa Path locality in the city, Jaipur police on Wednesday arrested his accomplice Teerath Singh (27) and recovered two country made pistols and live cartridges from his possession. Both had stayed at Hotel Sahil in Ramganj Bazaar of the city.\"So far, the investigations have suggested that deceased and his arrested accomplice were keeping an eye on some city businessman either for abduction or for a dacoity at his house,\" Tejraj Singh, assistant commissioner of police at Gandhi Nagar told TOI on Wednesday.Teerath in his statement claimed that he along with Surendra and Ajay Jaat had come to Jaipur on Monday. \"On Tuesday one Vikas called up Surendra and asked him to come to Narain Singh Circle. He (Surendra) asked Teerath to come along for safety. When they reach near Teen Moorti Circle both were attacked but Teerath managed to flee while Surendra was gunned down,\" Singh said.Police are now looking for Ajay Jaat and Vikas to shed more light on the case.At the same time the senior police officers have not ruled out a possibility of an encounter with Haryana police team. \"Prima facie it appears that the fugitive was attacked by rival gangs, but a possible encounter by a specialized unit of Haryana police can't be ruled out,\" Singh added.Police further said that there are many more angles to the story. \"Teerath Singh, a native of Rohtak in Haryana, could have been behind the killing of the fugitive, who knows? We are touching every angle and aspect of the cause of the death,\" an official added.The body of the fugitive was handed over to his relatives after the post mortem. \"The reports suggested that he was hit from the front and the bullet hit his chest and came out after piercing his heart,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12003652", "title": "'People aren't restricted to one partner anymore'", "text": "Says Omi Vaidya, known for his 'Chatur' act in 3 Idiots , explaining how divorces have become common with changing times.Omi Vaidya, known for his 'Chatur' act in 3 Idiots has turned a popular face in Bollywood with films like Dil Toh Bachcha Hai Ji, Desi Boyz and Players to his credit. His next film is Jodi Breakers where he continues his comic legacy and plays a womanizer this time. In an exclusive conversation with Gaurav Malani , Omi speaks about finding his space in Bollywood.Has the character of Chatur typecast you as an NRI comedian? Not sure as an NRI... but as a comedian, maybe yes. And see the accent will be there, it's natural and I can't do anything about it. What's more important is whether I can make people laugh or not.Are you more comfortable in Bollywood after four films? I have made friends and know people and their functioning. Just to give you an example, in Jodi Breakers , I play a shameless character of a womanizer. Having worked with both Madhavan ( 3 Idiots ) and Bipasha ( Players ) earlier, I was comfortable playing such a character because I knew they won't be judgmental about me.Bollywood is known for making jodis. Where do Jodi 'Breakers' fit in such a scene? In new times, jodis are made and broken everyday. Divorces have become so common. People are no more restricted to single partner for lifetime. So Jodi Breakers is a fresh idea that works in the new generation.So what exactly do Jodi Breakers do? Madhavan and Bipasha play Jodi Breakers in the film. Their own jodis are broken in life so they decide to remain single in life for good. They help people who have issues with their partners and want to get rid of them but can't say that openly. They extend their services to such people which results into funny situations.But why would anybody need Jodi Breakers? There are so many matrimonial services in present times to make jodis. But there is no service to break jodis. And it is really difficult to break a jodi as compared to making one. So I guess there is a need for such a service.Do you see a Jodi Breakers agency actually coming into existence in near future? Who knows there would be people who might be actually working as jodi breakers under cover! Even otherwise, the concept of Jodi Breakers has potential to come into real existence.Have you ever played a jodi breaker in real life? At several instances I wanted to be a jodi breaker. A boy and a girl may be attracted to each other but might not be necessarily fit for each other. Then there are couples who are so much in each other that they forget about friends around. Seeing such couples, I always felt like playing a jodi breaker.You are also directing a film... I have been writing this script for a year and a half now and am ready with it. It was my thesis while studying in the NYFA where I learnt filmmaking. It's a psychological thriller and I am pretty confident about it. I am presently pitching it to producers and it shouldn't be difficult considering it's a small budget film. We should hopefully get started by the yearend.Would you also act in your directorial debut? I don't mind acting in my film but it is more important to do one job well than doing two mediocre jobs. So I shall stick to direction.What next after Jodi Breakers? I will be doing the Satte Pe Satta remake. I have seen the original and will be reprising Sachin's part. Also I am taking up some TV projects as a host.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11999161", "title": "The hostel room where Mujibar Rahman stayed", "text": "It's a non-descript room at the south-western corner of the century-old Baker Hostel. With a narrow bed, a chair, a table and a wooden cabinet, it looks Spartan, but incredibly well-preserved. A picture placed on the table shows the most famous occupant of the room passionately delivering a speech. \"Ebarer sangram, swadhinatar sangram, (The struggle this time is for freedom)\" are printed on the laminated photo.Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibar Rahman spent two years at this dingy hostel room in central Kolkata. As a student of Islamia College (now Maulana Azad College), the father of Bangladesh had already made a foray into politics. It was during his days at the room between 1945 and 1946 that he got elected as the general secretary of the college union. A year later, he played a role in defending Muslims during the communal riots in Kolkata. Mujib had joined the college four years earlier, in 1942. He did his intermediate from Islamia and then enrolled for a BA degree.Wood panels and freshly painted walls create a separate enclosure at the far corner of the fourth floor. A short, narrow corridor leads to Room No. 24. \"Banga Bandhu Smriti Kaksha\"is written in Bengali above the entrance. The leader's bust greets you near the door. The room looks refreshingly cleaner from the rest of the run-down hostel. As you pass the bust and turn left, you stumble upon a low cot with a reading table to its right.In 1998, the room was refurbished and a small library of books on Mujib set up in the room. Hostel-dwellers, though, complained that though they are eager to know more about the Father of Bangladesh, they have limited access to the room and the books. \"When I was about to join the hostel, the first thing that my father told me was that Mujibur Rahman was a boarder of Baker. We are extremely proud of the fact that he lived here. His room, too, is in a fairly good shape but we should be allowed to read the books there and visit the room more frequently,\" said Ainuddin Sheikh, a hostelite.Sheikh Nurul, another boarder said Mujib was an inspiration even for this generation of students, particularly those at Baker. \"His memories are inextricably linked with this hostel. Mujib's ideals and his courageous battle for justice is a motivation. Perhaps more importantly, he established a Bengali identity and took the language to the world. He was a true leader,\" said Nurul.His link with Kolkata had weakened through the Fifties and Sixties when he was deeply involved in the struggle for justice for the people of East Pakistan, said Bimal Pramanik, researcher on India-Bangladesh relations. \"He never visited Kolkata between 1947 and 1972. After his victory in the 1970 elections, he had got in touch with Indira Gandhi and sought a shelter in Kolkata in case the then Pakistan government didn't allow him to function politically. But he never came to Kolkata till the historic victory celebration rally at the maidan in 1972, months after Bangladesh was born,\" said Pramanik. It's not known if he visited the Baker hostel on that occasion.Barring a few special occasions when guests are invited and on January 26, room number 24 remains locked. Hostel staff alleged that maintenance has been steadily deteriorating. \"We are under-staffed which makes it difficult to keep the hostel clean. This room has a historic importance and ought to be cleaned daily. But it can't be done more than once a month,\" said Dabir Ahmed, superintendent of Baker hostel. The authorities had requested the Bangladesh High Commssion to take over maintenance of the room. But there has yet been no response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12001241", "title": "Mobike-borne youths attack, rob couple in city", "text": "BHOPAL: Four unidentified mobike-borne youths attacked a couple and robbed cash and gold ornaments amounting to around Rs 21,000 from them here under the limits of Sukhi Sawenia police station on Tuesday evening.The police said complainant, Kamlesh Kumar, a resident of Raisen, was heading towards his home with his wife, Kiran, on a mobike. He said that the four youths, who were also on mobikes, intercepted the couple near Mungaliakot Jod, on the outskirts of Bhopal and attacked them.The accused dragged the couple into bushes by the road and beat them with iron rods before fleeing with around Rs 9,000 cash and some gold ornaments.Subsequently, the Kamlesh immediately reported the matter to police. The Sukhi Sawenia police have registered a case and a manhunt has been launched to nab the fourth youths. No arrest has been made in the case so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11999296", "title": "Illegal water pumping in Trichy to attract penalty", "text": "TRICHY: Taking strong exception to illegal pumping of drinking water from house water connections, K Veera Raghava Rao, commissioner of the Trichy corporation, has warned the public that such acts will result in seizure of electric motors and disconnection of water supply.Rao chaired a review meeting in the corporation office here on Wednesday with regard to development works being carried out in the Trichy corporation. During the meeting, he took up the long-pending issue of illegal water pumping from water connections provided by the corporation of Trichy, to residences. By indulging in such activities, proper distribution of water supply may by affected. As the corporation was committed to providing water facility to all in the corporation limits, officials should keep vigil on illegal water pumps, he said.As of now, 34 electric motor pumps used to pump water from house water connections were confiscated by the corporation officials, he said.Further, he insisted that officials take this issue seriously and confiscate electric motor pumps and disconnect water supply whenever they came across complaints.S Raja Mohammed, the city engineer, told TOI that the seized motors would not be returned.According to corporation sources, the action began from September 2011 following a series of complaints about illegal water pumping. Since then, officials started seizing motors and disconnecting supplies. The seized 34 pumps were not returned so far. Water supply to the house owners concerned was also not restored so far.The meeting was attended by city engineer S Raja Mohammed, executive engineers Chandran and Arunachalam and assistant engineers of the Trichy corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11999636", "title": "MCD sleeps, GK sends SOS to grievance panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: For most residents of GKI , walking on Hans Raj Gupta Marg is a nightmare. With most pavements encroached upon by vendors and cycle-rickshaws , pedestrians are left with no option but to walk on the main road and brave the fast moving traffic. Despite repeated complaints to the MCD, residents say, little has been done to make the area encroachment-free. They have now approached the Public Grievance Commission to find a permanent solution to this growing vendor menace in the upscale residential colony of Delhi.Right at the entrance of the M Block market parking, a juice shop has encroached upon a large portion of the footpath. Right next to it is a small stall selling cigarettes. The rest has gone to a street-food vendor and cycle-rickshaws.A worker with the juice shop claims that its owner has an MCD-approved tehbazaari. \"But the norms for tehbazaari are clear. It is a small shop, open to sky. But this shop has occupied the entire pavement. Other vendors have encroached upon the entire stretch. We have no option but to risk our lives by walking on road,'' said Rajiv Kakria, member of the GK-I residents welfare association.\"Almost every day a new stall is coming up. A tailor sits on the pavement; a street-food vendor sits right outside the main entrance of a block. During lunch time, there is a jam. This is a upscale area and there is no need for such street-food vendors. Moreover, they don't have a licence to operate. But MCD doesn't take any action,\" said R K Tanwar, president of the RWA.After the RWA filed the complaint in December, MCD took action a week before the date of hearing in the PGC on January 30. The MCD claimed it had removed the encroachments, but residents say it was done just on paper. \"The PGC was not satisfied by the MCD's action-taken report. The next date of hearing is March 26. But residents are agitated as the MCD has taken no action in the last 21 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11999201", "title": "Business leaders slam Left for bandh call", "text": "Kolkata: The leading industry bodies of the state strongly criticised the strike called by Left trade unions on February 28, saying it would send the wrong signal to investors.A few industry bodies even felt that the proposed strike has lost its relevance because issues like food inflation and free fall of rupee that were alarming even a few months back had now been moderated. FIchairman (ER) Gorav Swarup made it clear that the strike will be bad for Bengal.\"It sends a negative signal about the work culture of the state which does not have a good reputation,\" he added.Bharat Chamber of Commerce president Ashok Aikat went a step ahead. \"It will be good if the Left trade unions called off the strike. We are disappointed with this strike and worried that the bandh culture is coming back using various excuses. We are extremely unhappy,\" he added.CII director general (ER) Saugat Mukherjee pointed out that any strike is detrimental to the industry and, in turn, bad for the state's economy.Deepak Jalan, senior vice-president of the MCC Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry, said the chambers do not favour any kind of strike by any party on any sort of issue. \"There are many other ways of protest. and political parties must understand this if they really care for the aam admi (common man).Such bandhs hardly yield any result apart from inconveniencing people, industry and trade. The images of the state and the country also take a beating. Bandhs are the biggest deterrents for investment,\" he added.According to him, since the Left Front is strong only in West Bengal , its adverse impact on other states will be marginal. \"Economic activities will be disrupted only in West Bengal. At least the IT sector, apart from essential services, should be allowed to function normally,\" he added.Bengal National Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry secretary D P Nag said: \"We don't support such strikes as it will do no good to anybody. It halts the growth of the state across sectors. People can have differences on many issues, but they should talk it out with the concerned authority and try to get a solution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11999491", "title": "UP govt revokes Promilla\u2019s suspension", "text": "LUCKNOW: After the Central government quashed the suspension of senior IAS officer Promilla Shanker, the state government on Wednesday revoked its order and transferred her from her present posting of commissioner, National Capital region, Noida to the post of chairperson, administrative tribunal II, Lucknow.Notably, Shanker was put under suspension in September last year for going abroad without seeking permission.The action was taken against her immediately after she had submitted her report, saying that the proposed township plan of the Yamuna Expressway Authority was not consistent to the the norms set by the NCR Board.She challenged her suspension through a petition filed before the Centre.After hearing it, the Centre revoked her suspension and issued order to this effect after bypassing the state government.However, in a damage-control exercise, the state government on Wednesday issued fresh order for the revocation of her suspension and shifted her out from the post of commissioner, NCR. The charge NCR commissioner has now been given to commissioner, Meerut, Bhuvanesh Kumar. When asked to comment on this, principal secretary, appointment, Kunwar Fateh Bahadur described the transfer as a routine matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001313", "title": "Ravi Teja\u2019s film shooting disrupted", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telangana activists were at it again. On Wednesday, they barged into a film shooting location and damaged furniture and a focus light at APSRTC hospital in Tarnaka.A hospital scene was being shot with hero Ravi Teja in the lead for the film 'Daruvu' directed by Shiva when a group of activists from the Osmania University campus disrupted the film shooting. They wanted the film's hero Ravi Teja to shout 'Jai Telangana' slogans. But soon thereafter police from the Osmania University police station arrived and prevented the situation from taking an ugly turn. \"We did not expect that the film shooting would be disrupted. We had to quickly shift to another hospital on the outskirts so that the shoot could be completed,\" said Burgupalli Sivaramakrishna, producer of the film. Sivaramakrishna who is also the president of the Telugu Film Producers Council (TFPC) said the film industry was concerned with the disruption of film shootings though the general atmosphere of late has been peaceful.The problem, however, for the film industry is that there are various groups that are agitating for the cause of separate Telangana state and each is taking its own decision. In the last three years, workers of the Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) attacked several film shootings as a result of which shooting schedules went haywire. The Telangana Jagruthi Samithi (TJS), cultural wing of the party headed by Kavitha, daughter of TRS leader K Chandrasekhar Rao also did not allow the release of some films. With practically all the film studios based in Hyderabad, film shootings take place at locations within the city.Since the time the Telengana agitation gained momentum three years ago, shootings were shifted mainly to locations on the city outskirts. But that provided scope for Telangana activists to more freely attack film shootings.A film set of Mahesh Babu's `Khaleja' was set ablaze by activists at Vikarabad and in another incident, the unit of `Dukudu', another Mahesh Babu-starrer was also attacked at the Vikarabad railway station. Some vehicles were damaged in the incident.A few months ago, actress Shriya Saran had a harrowing experience at the Acharaya N G Ranga Agricultural University when Telangana activists forced her to raise the 'Jai Telangana' slogan during a film shooting. A scared Shriya had to run for cover. \"How can they break my car, throw stones, stop shooting and threaten me to shout 'Jail Telangana' on TV,\" Shriya had complained.Film shootings of Jr NTR, Balakrishna starrer 'Simha', Manchu Manoj, Allu Arjun, Allari Naresh, Naga Chaitanya and Sunil were all targeted by Telangana activists. It was not the first time that actor Ravi Teja faced the ire of Telangana activists. The shooting of his just released film 'Nippu' was also disrupted at Hayatnagar on the city outskirts last year when 60 activists stormed the shooting spot. Though the A P Film Chamber of Commerce has asked the film producers to take police permission before shooting but this is not being done all the time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12001249", "title": "Sansi tribe target valuables left in parked cars", "text": "BHOPAL: The next time you step out of your car, make sure you don't leave any valuables inside the car, even if it is a designated parking lot. Police attribute the thefts from cars parked in different parts of the city to the presence of gang of Sansi tribe.Three new cases of thefts in Arera Colony locality from the parked cars after breaking open the window or windshield in the last 24 hours has left the police in a tizzy.After chain snatching theft of valuable from cars is perhaps the second major crime that the city police has to encounter these days. Police sources claim that on an average, two to three cars are targeted every day.Additional SP Rajesh Singh Chandel told TOI \"Involvement of the members of Sansi tribe that hails from bordering state, Rajasthan has come to light in such incidents. Attempts are being made to nab them.\"Police said Rupak Bose parked his car in front of a hospital in Habibganj area. However, when he returned after some time, Bose found a glass of his car broken and a his laptop bag missing. Besides, his laptop he had left his credit cards, cheque book and other documents in the bag.Similarly, Virendra Singh, a resident of Ayodhya locality who had parked his car near Mansarovar Complex was also a victim of theft. In this case too, unidentified persons broke the car's glass and fled with a bag containing a gold coin and around Rs 10,000 cash. The modus operandi of the two crimes are similar.In the third incident at TT Nagar, Narendra, a resident of Shyamla Hills, had parked his four-wheeler and went to a shop. However, when he returned, he found that a glass of the car is broken and a laptop and around Rs 9,000 kept inside missing. Subsequently, the victim lodged a complaint with the TT Nagar police.Referring to the cases police officials said they appear to be handiwork of Sansi tribe. Sansi kids are trained in committing this crime. They are accompanied by their elders who first identify the targets and break the window glass. Police said that these kids are trained to hide along the area where the crime has ben committed or disappear in the crowd so as to avoid detection.A few members of the tribe were arrested in the past but the officials say a number of them are still operating in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12000799", "title": "Google set to displace Facebook in display ads", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Facebook Inc will lose its lead to Google Inc in US display-ad revenue next year as the social- networking service's advertising growth slows, according to research firm EMarketer Inc.Google will grab 19.8 per cent of the market in 2013, generating $3.68 billion, while Facebook will attract 17.7 per cent, or $3.29 billion, New York-based EMarketer estimates. Facebook had taken the lead from Yahoo! Inc last year, and it should maintain its edge through 2012 in the market, which includes ads with pictures, videos and other visual elements.Facebook and Google, both relative latecomers to the display-ad market, have shoved aside other rivals to become the industry's main contenders. Facebook took the lead by peppering its burgeoning social networking with small ads.Google, meanwhile, expanded from its origins in text-based search-engine links. It now sells a variety of graphical advertising on websites, mobile phones and YouTube clips.Facebook, with 845 million users, needs to do more to persuade big brands to spend money on marketing, rather than just having them set up free company pages on the social network , said Debra Aho Williamson, an analyst with EMarketer.\"It really comes down to brand advertisers,\" she said. \"They just need to do a better job of convincing the big advertisers that ads are effective and that they perform.\"IPO filing Facebook, which filed for an initial public offering this month, is coping with slowing revenue growth. Sales rose 55 per cent to $1.13 billion in the fourth quarter from a year earlier, after more than doubling in the previous three quarters, according to a regulatory filing. EMarketer expects Facebook to reach $6.1 billion in total revenue this year, up from $3.71 billion in 2011.Facebook filed this month to raise $5 billion in the largest initial public offering of an Internet stock. The Menlo Park , California-based company is considering a valuation of between $75 billion and $100 billion, people familiar with the matter have said.Facebook and Google will tighten their control over the industry in the coming years, EMarketer said. Yahoo will account for 7.5 per cent of the US display market in 2014, down from almost 11 per cent last year. AOL Inc will drop to 3.7 per cent from 4.3 per cent. Google will have 21.7 per cent in 2014, with 17.1 per cent going to Facebook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12002741", "title": "Posts seek govt nod to deliver driving licences", "text": "PANAJI: The postal department has approached Goa government for delivery of driving licenses and registration certificate (RC) books through speed post. This, they believe, will ensure the fast delivery of vital documents at the door steps of the customers.Postmaster general (Business development and marketing) Jaswinder Singh said, \"For convenience of Goans a proposal has been made to the state government for acceptance of electricity bills at the post office as we have a bigger reach.\"Also, in view of fast growing demand for gold as an avenue of investment, India Post has tied up with Reliance Money Infrastructure for sale of gold coins of 24 carat purity through-the network of post offices. \"In Goa, the sale of gold coins shall commence shortly at Margao, Mapusa, Ponda and Calangute post offices,\" said Singh.\"Due to vintage location of post offices, India Post is selling railway tickets on PRS terminals provided by Indian railways in post offices. It is proposed to start the sale of railway tickets through PRS terminals in post offices located at Pernem, Calangute, Mapusa, Margao, Canacona and Panaji. The sale of railway tickets through these post offices shall not only boost tourism in Goa, but also facilitate Goans in undertaking railway journey to Mumbai, Pune and other neighbouring areas,\" he said.\"During the last couple of years the department of posts have made efforts for better and faster delivery of services to the general public. In addition to improving the normal services related to mails, parcels and saving banks, various internet based services have been started in the post offices,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12001208", "title": "Bank staff scan footage to identify suspects", "text": "CHENNAI: Employees of the Perungudi branch of Bank of Baroda have stopped counting money and attending to their work. Instead, they are checking CCTV footage from more than 500 banks in the city to help police identify the five men who robbed Rs 19 lakh from the bank on January 23.Half-way through the process, they gave investigators the first picture of one of the suspects. \"We have sent the picture to all police stations in the city. Police officers scrutinising hotel guest lists and conducting vehicle checks have the image. Members of the public who can identify the man and help police arrest him will get a reward of Rs 1 lakh,\" police commissioner J K Tripathy said.\"Nine police teams are searching for the culprits. One of these teams has been tasked with locating the red Maruti Onmi that the suspects are believed to have used to commit the crime,\" he said. An investigating officer said the Bank of Baroda staff were asked to identify the culprits from CCTV footage of banks across the city after the robbery. The heist at Indian Overseas Bank , which the police concluded was carried out by the same gang, has added urgency to the process.Investigators are confident that bank staff will identify more suspects from the footage. \"Witnesses to the robbery have been checking footage since January 23,\" the officer said. Police have so far collected photos of more than 1.5 lakh people who have come to the city from other states and live on the outskirts. People with information about the suspects can call the police at 98408-14100 or 99520-91100. \"The informer's identity will be kept secret,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11999058", "title": "Will Park Street cops answer for lapses?", "text": "KOLKATA: Two Park Street police station officers have been removed from active duty as they face an investigation for allegedly misbehaving with the car-rape victim but it seems the gross lapses by them and their supervisory officer are being overlooked.The biggest procedural fault of the Park Street police, perhaps, was that they delayed the victim's medical and forensic examination. This could have derailed the investigation but for the tenacity of the detective department. Telltale lapses are evident even in the preliminary investigation by Park Street police, where they were more intent on digging up inconsistencies in the victim's complaint and even doubted her character.The National Commission for Women has already pulled up Kolkata Police for the delay in conducting the victim's medical examination. The police did not need a court order for the forensic examination. A Delhi high court division bench in 2008 had clearly laid down the manner in which sexual assault complaints are to be handled. In this case, the lapses are all too glaring.The victim had gone to Park Street police station on the evening of February 9 - a day after her complaint - with a medical certificate from NRS Medical College Hospital that showed evidence of assault. It clearly mentioned she had \"bruises and cuts.\" But it was not until On February 11 that police gave a formal \"requisition\" to Calcutta Medical College Hospital for a medical examination. The reason: police felt that they needed a court order for it. Senior lawyer Milon Mukherjee rubbished this logic. \"In a rape investigation, a court's order to conduct a medical test isn't binding. But this is often used to justify any delay,\" he said.That's not all. The seriousness with which Park Street police pursued the case can be gauged by the fact that police collected the forensic report two days later. Laxmikanta Ghosh, head, department of forensic science, CMCH, said: \"The medical examination report takes three hours, including an hour for the victim's examination. The report was completed the day the victim was brought to the hospital, on February 14.\" But police came around to collect the report on February 16.If this appears intriguing, consider this. On February 11, when police gave a requisition for the medical examination, a lone officer reached the hospital without the victim. This led to a delay of three days to start with. Then, on February 14, Park Street police flouted another basic rule - a lady police officer did not accompany the victim for the medical examination. A male officer was sent instead.Two sub-inspectors have been removed from active duty and sources say the Park Street officer in charge, Md Kalimuddin, may also face action.It is significant that any correspondence addressed to the chief metropolitan magistrate's court by a police station (FIR, case diary or in this case permission for forensic test) has to have the OC's sanction.Besides, the victim has also alleged that Kalimuddin had asked her awkward questions that hurt her modesty. \"He asked how one could be raped in a moving car and even asked me to explain in what posture I was raped,\" the victim alleged.The list of lapses is long and shocking. Park Street police did not bother about seeking the CCTV footage from the hotel and nightclub. The detective department was lucky to retrieve the footage, because the tapes are usually erased after five days. Not a single statement (under Section 161 CrPC) was recorded of the staff or the people who were in the discotheque on the night of February 5 when the alleged rapists befriended the victim.No attempt was made to check the credit card payment details of that night to verify if those named in the FIR were actually present or not. When the victim told police that she'd traced the accused through Facebook, she was told Facebook profiles don't have addresses. But the officers should have known that they could have easily got the IP addresses. They merely had to inform the police 'Monitoring Cell' or the cyber crime police station to dig it up for them. To make things worse, there are allegations that an officer is known to one of the accused.Joint Commissioner (traffic) Supratim Sarkar is investigating the allegations of misbehaviour, but questions are being raised on the continued silence of the top brass over Park Street officers' dereliction of duty. In acting only against the two SIs, the role of their supervisor is being disregarded. Sarkar said the probe is still on and only a preliminary report has been submitted to the police commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12003697", "title": "Control room cops flooded with abusive calls", "text": "NAGPUR: Strange as it may sound, but the new system to receive calls at police control room does not have a basic facility like caller line identification. This means the number of person calling up 100 is not displayed. This has given rise to abusive and prank calls as more and more people realize they can call without getting busted. This is troublesome as the phones are manned by women cops.\"Old system displayed the caller's number and it was easy to trace the call. Now, the unknown callers speak to us like call girls. They use obscene language with us and make us feel uncomfortable,\" said a lady constable assigned to control room duty. The new system was installed around two years ago. It was supposed to be an upgrade on previous one but seems actually to be a downgrade. Only women constables are posted to receive the emergency '100' calls.People who call the control room are usually asked their number so they know it is not being displayed. \"Many then take to making abusive calls to us. They not only talk in abusive language but sometimes keep calling repeatedly and also give wrong information,\" complained the constable. It is also a handicap for the cops as they would not be immediately able to trace any hoax caller or criminal.The women claimed they had apprised the senior officers of the situation but nothing has been done. \"We can't tell them the abusive words we hear but also can't refuse to take such calls as the system is monitored by joint commissioner Sanjay Saxena,\" said a harassed constable. Once, irritated by repeated abusive calls, a lady constable who took the next one disconnected it thinking it to be the same caller. Unfortunately, at that time the call was made by Saxena who was checking the service quality. The lady had a tough time explaining her action.\"Being lowest in hierarchy, we have to suffer a lot. Many of us are married women and such calls disturb us,\" said another constable. The police have not arrested anyone for making blank calls or abusive calls so far. As the number 100 is toll free, pranksters keep making annoying calls and have to pay no price.Experts think it strange that specification for new system did not include something as basic as caller line identification. Even ordinary phones these days have the facility and all phone companies provide it free of cost, said a telecom company executive. City's must be the only police system in the country not to have such facility.The control room receives more than 1000 calls daily on '100' and 90% of these turn out to be hoax. Of the rest, only a few are actionable while others are over trivial issues. \"We can tolerate prank or blank calls but not abusive calls,\" said a lady constable.Joint commissioner Sanjay Saxena, however, said so far he had not received any complaint from the women constables. \"Unless they report to us, we can't take action. Though it will be difficult to trace the callers, we can do that and punish them,\" he said. He had no explanation why the new system came without caller line identification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11999594", "title": "'Archaic approach to policing in India'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A vigilant citizens' committee for peace and justice will be in Kurukshetra on Saturday to make the local community aware of the flaws in policing in India.In the first such experiment in the country, the lone Asian trainer of the high readiness ground forces division of NATO , Aridamanjit Singh, 52 - a former BSF officer - is planning to create real-life situations for frontline police officers, community leaders and politicians to find out what is wrong with policing and what is the solution. Frontline officers comprise those from constable to inspector levels.After an interaction session with Punjab police officers, Aridamanjit told TOI, ''As part of the practical experience, community leaders and elected representatives will go to a police station and ask junior level officers the arrangements for their (people's) safety and security.''Bringing out the weakness of police officers in front of the public will establish the need for changes, pointed out Cindie Unger, a Danish programme coordinator in Aridamanjit's organization ''Nishan''.A Turkish programme assistant Sebehat said most of countries have community-driven policing, unlike India and Pakistan, where the police are still governed by old colonial laws and attitudes. Already, 31 councillors of Kurukshetra, the local MLA, bar association and 13 other community leaders have joined the campaign.Aridamanjit said that investigation in India is poor as 87% of the force comprises constables who do not know how to go about it, 12% are investigating officers - half of whom have been promoted from the ranks - and the 1% supervisory IPS officers do not have any exposure of investigation. The campaign will also bring out that a common man need not approach officers above inspector level for justice as dealing of cases finishes at this level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "11999536", "title": "Bumps galore, it\u2019s an unequal race", "text": "DELHI: A handful of youths rendered disabled by polio joined college this year. They are also professional dancers with their wheelchairs and crutches doubling as stage props. Gulshan Kumar, Vijay Kumar , Ajay Kumar and Manish Kumar were all drawn out of their homes, often against the wishes of their parents, trained as dancers for years by an NGO and placed in schools. Belonging to economically weak families, these kids, once considered liabilities, are now supporting their families.\"We prepare the disabled for independent thinking and living free of cost,\" says Syed Salauddin Pasha of the Ability Unlimited Foundation (AUF) that works mostly with disabled kids coming from economically weak backgrounds. He teaches them to dance, do yoga and sword-play - all on wheelchair.In 2011, one of his wards, Gulshan Kumar, affected by polio, even broke the world record for wheelchair-spinning. \"We work as professionals and our efforts are funded by shows. When we started, I had to keep writing to festival organizers to get a platform for my students. They'd not reply or refused outright. This year, we had to turn down offers for many shows. We were just not free,\" says Pasha.However, few get a break like that. The support structure for the disabled in Delhi is incomplete - even 17 years after the Persons with Disabilities Act, 1995, came into being, work on it is going painfully slow. Even the existing systems do not work in tandem with each other. Occupational therapy is available in hospitals and even private centres but getting to these places is difficult. Public transport is hopelessly inaccessible to the disabled, especially to those with locomotive disabilities; roads are dangerous for the wheelchair-bound.The means for diagnosis and identification of disability are easy but referrals and follow-ups are rare; awareness is growing among parents but information about existing resources and support systems are scattered. Most facilities are in private hands and medical help, considered the only remedy instead of alternative lifestyles, is forbiddingly expensive. \"The approach to the rehabilitation of the disabled,\" says Arun C Rao of The Deaf Way Foundation, \"is fundamentally flawed\".\"You can't thrust a hearing-aid or medical procedures such as cochlear implants at the deaf and consider them rehabilitated,\" continues Rao. \"There has to be regular follow-up and monitoring, which are missing. But for the disabled person, it's a life-long matter. Rehabilitation involves improvement of the quality of life, requiring help on all fronts - medical, social, educational and vocational.\" Parents look for a permanent solution. \"I've known many families that have gone bankrupt looking for a cure,\" says G Syamala of the Action for Ability Development and Inclusion ( AADI).Most importantly, the process of rehabilitation for those born with disabilities has to start early. \"Facilities are available in urban areas but how many people know about them? A child is brought into an OPD and his parents have specific questions. If those aren't answered and the doctor omits details, it leaves the parents clueless. By the time the parent learns about available help, valuable time is lost,\" says Dr Madhumita Puri, executive director, the Society for Child Development.The concept of screening babies at birth for any kind of impairment and referral to specialists and organizations exists in many parts of the world, even developing ones such as Brazil. In India, disabilities do get spotted but referrals and follow-ups are absent, even for new-borns, making early interventions almost impossible. \"If the mother doesn't see any support or any resources, the child becomes a liability,\" says Syamala.Institutions catering to the disabled exist but are woefully few and, often, very expensive. \"With growing awareness among parents, the demand is about 70% higher than what we are able to give. And typically, such centres deal with specific needs of a particular impairment. But there is also co-morbidity, associated problems such as low self-esteem and depression that are not addressed,\" says Dr Bhavna Burmi, clinical and child psychologist with Fortis Escorts.Even special educators working in rehabilitation are mostly trained to handle a single issue - hearing, visual or intellectual. But, as a senior government official points out, for inclusion to actually work, educators must first be trained in handling every kind of disability before implementation of a programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11998930", "title": "Administration lets booze flow freely but ignores residents\u2019 safety", "text": "GURGAON: At the outset, let me state that I am not a prohibitionist. I feel that every adult citizen should have the right to purchase and consume alcoholic beverages. However, I also feel that the sale and consumption of alcoholic beverages should be in private areas and not in public areas. Unfortunately, in Gurgaon, the policies of our government encourage the sale and consumption of liquor in public areas, by licensing garishly lit liquor vends and large drinking \"ahatas\". These are largely located on green belts on most major road crossings.The rationale for permitting these is that such liquor vends earn a lot of revenue for the state. However, this logic is faulty on three counts:1. If we want to set up any commercial activity on a green belt, it will earn a lot of revenue for the state. By this logic we should hand over all our green belts and public parks to developers or shopkeepers.2. When we go to Delhi or Mumbai or, indeed most other cities in India, we do not see liquor vends on every street corner. There are a large number of liquor shops in these cities also but they are located in commercial areas, not in public places.3. Each truck or car driver who stops at these roadside liquor vends continues to drive after consuming liquor. If Gurgaon Traffic Police sets up DUI station 100 metres down the road, they can catch a large number of people driving under the influence of alcohol. If this happens, the excise department will object that this will reduce the revenue, as they did when the police shut down some illegal drinking 'ahatas'.The Gurgaon administration is aware of the above issues. Unfortunately, they prefer to sacrifice the principles of good town-planning, citizens' safety and simple roadside aesthetics to the revenue god. It is as if Gurgaon was being prostituted to earn money for the government by hook or by crook.The MCG is in the process of auctioning liquor licences for about 60 locations in Gurgaon which falls under its purview. These vends and 'ahatas' are to be located on MCG, HUDA or forest department land. I strongly urge the powers-that-be to be sensitive to the concerns of its citizens and not to continue with this venal practice of selling alcohol on the roadside. Let the licensees set up shop only in commercial areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12002412", "title": "Proposed power tariff hike faces stiff opposition", "text": "INDORE: The 25% hike in power tariff sought by the MP Western Region Distribution Company was strongly opposed by the people at a hearing organised by the Madhya Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (MPERC) on Wednesday.People from different walks of life argued in unison that hike in power tariff would lead to power thefts. Projected loss by the company, for which tariff hike is proposed, can be mitigated by reducing the distribution losses, recovery of outstanding dues and controlling the establishment costs of the distribution company, they point out.MPERC chairman Rakesh Sahni assured the people opposing the tariff hike at the hearing that the commission had never passed on the hike as proposed by the distribution company. He also clarified that it did not mean that there would be no hike. \"Hike will be allowed after looking into all the aspects and listening to the views of company and objectors,\" said Sahni.Saver MLA Tulsi Silawat alleged that the distribution company (discom) manipulated its account to show losses.\"The company has intentionally left to include earning of Rs 127 crore from surcharge and revenue of around Rs 50 crore from minimum usage charges collected from the consumers to show it at losses,\" said Silawat adding that there should not be any hike in tariff as it would ultimately put additional burden on the genuine consumers, who are regularly paying their bills.Vijay Agrawal, secretary of MP Industries Association, said that if the discom was not able to manage its losses, then it's the problem of the discom. Why should a consumer pay for the inefficiency of the company?\"Expenses of the company are on rise and they are unable to reduce the losses. Instead of putting their house in order, they are punishing the consumers,\" alleged Agrawal adding that the company was at loss but it reportedly gave 400 units of free electricity per month to its 65,000 employees. It came to around Rs 150 crore per annum and the consumers were made to pay this amount, he alleged.Gautam Kothari, president of Pithampur Industrial Association, alleged that every consumer was a thief in the eye of the company. He alleged that company was booking honest consumers for power theft.\"Laws are such that anyone can be booked for power theft. This year alone, 9 lakh cases were registered by the company on power theft,\" said Kothari. He demanded that rules should be made simple.MLA Tulsi Silawat also brought to the notice of MPERC several cases in which small consumers and farmers had been booked and sent to jail slapping power theft charges. He claimed that some of the farmers had committed suicide under pressure of manipulate power bills and wrong cases of power theft on them.A farmer, Raghunath Patil, from Burhanpur demanded the MPERC commission that there should not be any discrimination between rural and urban population in matters of electricity supply. \"Rural population are given less hours of power supply against the uninterrupted power supply to urban areas. This is against the right to equality ensured by the Constitution,\" said Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11999604", "title": "This is how they steal your space", "text": "NEW DELHI: Most office-goers at ITO dread the idea of walking to the nearest Metro stations - Pragati Maidan and Mandi House. Starting from ITO crossing, it is difficult to find even 100 metres of a continuous stretch of pavements. Thousands risk their lives every day, dodging the fastmoving traffic in both carriageways.\"The stretch underneath Tilak Bridge is the worst. On one side there is a small elevated section for pedestrians, but it is risky to walk on it as there are no railings . On the other side, pedestrians have no option but to walk on the main road and brave the fast-moving traffic,'' said Neha Sharma, who works in the area.Like ITO, elsewhere too in the city, it is difficult to find footpaths without unwittingly getting into a dangerous hurdle race. In large parts of the city, civic agencies like MCD and PWD have failed to provide this basic facility at all. About 48% of road accident victims in the city are pedestrians but these agencies couldn't care less. On most arterial roads, sidewalks either don't exist or are broken and encroached upon by vendors and parking contractors or obstructed by trees, mini-transformers etc. According to Jt CP (traffic) Satyendra Garg, \"With the traffic volume increasing every day, it's important to have sidewalks so that pedestrians don't walk on the main road.\"In the BRT corridor at Sundar Nagar, the pavement is less than four feet wide and blocked by trees. \"At certain points, the trees occupy the entire sidewalk. Similarly , nearly Delhi Public School, taxis and cars are parked on the pavement. People are forced to walk on the main road. If people have a right to drive on the road, then pedestrians also have certain rights, but the government agencies don't care at all,'' said SN Sharma, an interior designer, who works in Nehru Place and prefers to take public transport .In most areas, shopkeepers, vendors, parking contractors etc have encroached on the pavements. In GK-I , the sidewalks are used for parking taxi and cars. On Mehrauli-Mahipalpur road in Vasant Kunj, there are no pavements on either side of the road. \"People have no option but to walk on the main road. Construction waste is dumped near the main road and there are open manholes,\" pointed out Amit Aggarwal, a resident of Vasant Kunj. It is the same story all across the city, be it east, west or north.Near Kalkaji Temple and Pamposh Enclave, foot overbridges have been constructed on pavements. \"Where is the space for pedestrians? Is this what you call planning? The civic agency and the government have ruined the city,'' said Venkatesh, who works in Nehru Place.\"Encroachments on pavements is a serious problem. We routinely remove these and inform police about it. It is their responsibility to ensure these don't come back,'' said YS Mann, director, press and information, MCD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11999619", "title": "Tibetan New Year begins on a sombre note", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Hunger strikes and solidarity vigils at McLeodganj marked the first day of the Tibetan New Year Lo-Sar on Wednesday. The entire Tibetan community including their cabinet and parliament-in-exile observed a day-long fast, and the markets remained closed.Tibetan spiritual head, the Dalai Lama , graced the official ceremony \"Tshedhor\" in the morning and the sound of the gong and the holy chants rent the air. The ceremony was attended by officials of the central Tibetan administration.Later, the Tibetan parliamentarians-in-exile were joined by hundreds of other Tibetans, who began their one-day hunger fast in the courtyard of the main temple. Speaker of the parliament-in-exile addressed the gathering while focusing on the \"critical\" situation in Tibet.\"The onset of the New Year is supposed to be celebrated but things are not even this time. I am sure that after 2008, no one in Tibet has celebrated the New Year. We shall dedicate most of out time today in praying for the martyrs,\" said speaker Penpa Tsering.The other Tibetan groups and their supporters organized events where they showcased PowerPoint presentations and videos of Tibetans suffering inside in Tibet. They said the markets shall remain closed for another day.\"We would be carrying out spiritual practices one or two days. We seek blessings of the almighty for better times ahead,\" said shopkeeper Dolkar Sangmo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11999369", "title": "Biogas plants in hostels, hotels to save fuel", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Most of the hotels, Punjab Engineering College (PEC), Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education &amp; Research (PGIMER), Government Medical College and Hospital-32 (GMCH) and all hostels on the Panjab University (PU) campus will have to generate their own energy through biogas plants, according to the master plan of the city.The master plan committee that is preparing a comprehensive plan for the futuristic development of city has received feedback from the department of science and technology that biogas plants using kitchen wastes of these institutions would results in saving LPG in city. The plan has been explored by the department of science and technology to switch over from conventional resources of energy to renewable energy resources in a phased manner. As per the proposal, biogas would be produced from the waste of kitchens of these institutions to meet the requirements. It would not only help reduce consumption of LPG, but would also manage waste.Department has also prepared a plan in this regard and has been submitted to the ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE) of the central government. This was submitted before the committee that is preparing the master plan of city. As per the draft master plan, copy of which is available with the TOI, the aim of this proposal is to reduce the energy demand and to utilization of locally available resources.All these institutions have also been asked to supply required information in this concern by the committee.As per the feedback received on January 21 this year from the department of science and technology and various other departments by the master plan committee, there is possibility of installation of biogas plants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998495", "title": "States want to lure Naxals with cash", "text": "NEW DELHI: Maoist-hit states on Wednesday pitched for a more lucrative surrender-cum-rehabilitation policy for naxalites, suggesting that the government can think of increasing monetary incentive to the tune of Rs five lakh to anyone laying down a Light Machine Gun or sniper rifle and Rs three lakh to those surrendering an AK-47 rifle.The issue was discussed and suggestions came at a meeting of chief secretaries and directors general of police of Maoist-affected states, chaired by Union home minister P Chidambaram, here on Wednesday. State officials argued that the enhanced package will motivate more armed cadres of ultras to opt for surrender.Now, different state governments follow different surrender policies and surrender packages that include financial incentives varying from Rs one lakh to Rs five lakh for each arm surrendered, depending on its make. The weapons being carried by ultras are mainly those looted by them during their attacks on many police stations or patrolling police parties in the past.The guidelines announced by the home ministry last year, however, offers incentive of Rs 15,000 for each deposited AK 47/56/74 rifle, Rs 25,000 for each Rocket Propelled Grenade/sniper rifle and Rs 3,000 for each pistol or revolver.\"There is a need to review the existing surrender policy with bigger financial incentives. States have been asked to enhance the money while Centre will also provide funds. We want uniformity of the surrender policy for all states,\" an official said.The meeting also directed the states and paramilitary forces to take all possible steps to ensure protection of human rights of every individual, while carrying out anti-Maoist operations and countering negative propaganda of the naxals.The home ministry also asked the states to conduct a thorough probe into allegations of abuse of power by security forces and follow standard operating procedure while dealing with naxals. The states and the Centre are also firming up their policy to counter the negative propaganda of the naxals as they have been trying to garner support among the middle class by raising the issue of human rights.The meeting also took stock of the anti-naxal operations as well as the development programmes being initiated in the Maoist-hit areas. There were concerns in the Central government that many states have not been able to complete many of the centrally sponsored schemes, especially road projects, despite provision of required funds by the home ministry.The home ministry also indicated that it was keen on extending the Integrated Action Plan (IAP) being implemented in 78 worst Naxal-affected districts beyond 2012-13. Chief secretaries and DGPs or their representatives of Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Bihar, Odisha, West Bengal, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11998769", "title": "Carry valid papers while driving : Police chief", "text": "NASHIK: Cracking the whip to put an end to rising vehicle thefts in the city, police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal has directed police personnel to check all vehicles for valid documents. The police commissioner's office also issued an appeal to all vehicle owners to carry relevant documents while driving.The commissioner's order clearly states that police would confiscate the vehicle if the person is found driving without a valid licence or other documents.In an exclusive interview to TOI, Sarangal had admitted that vehicle thefts were a concern and his immediate priority would be to stop it. On an average, daily four to five incidents of vehicle thefts are being reported from the city limits.\"Like in any other city, vehicle thefts are a major issue in Nashik. While there are chances that the stolen vehicles must be sold in Mumbai or the rural parts, our endeavour will be to check the market for such vehicles. Further, people also do not carry documents of their vehicles. Hence, we would be launching a special drive to check documents of vehicles in the city for the purpose,\" Sarangal had said.Police have said that last year alone, over 1,000 vehicles were stolen from different parts of the city. However, the recovery of stolen vehicles has been very low.Vehicles are not only stolen from public places but also from housing societies. The police believe that the vehicles are sold in the rural parts of the city at throwaway prices without documents.Last year, the traffic department registered over a lakh cases against vehicle drivers who were found violating traffic norms. This included driving without licences, not carrying documents, driving triples and using fancy number plates among others. Many are of the view that the fine for such offences being Rs 100, traffic offenders easily get away by paying it.The city traffic department last year recovered over Rs 1 crore in the form of fines collected from errant drivers. But this has not helped in any way to discipline motorists in the city. While driving without the requisite documents is one issue, motorists are also found jumping signals and stopping on zebra crossings, despite the presence of the traffic policemen.In a bid to spread awareness among motorists, last month, a social organization had taken up a 'Gandhigiri' style event where motorists were asked to adhere to traffic rules in the interest of their own safety and that of others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12001038", "title": "Tax official held for taking bribe", "text": "KORAPUT: Vigilance sleuths arrested a commercial tax officer (CTO), Suraj Kumar Mishra, while taking bribe from a trader in Rayagada town on Wednesday.Sleuths said the accused had demanded Rs 25,000 from a rice mill owner, Manoj Kumar Sahu, to provide the TIN number required for carrying out business. \"Mishra was arrested while accepting the bribe from Sahu. The amount has been recovered. Raids were also conducted at the office and the residence of Mishra and details are awaited,\" said SP (vigilance) Subash Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002976", "title": "The Artist was a joyride: Zoya Akhtar", "text": "...say filmmakers who attended a special screening of the film The ArtistAnurag Kashyap: I saw the film for the first time in Cannes. The film was quite a surprise. When I watched it for the second time at MAMI, I knew what the film was about. I was like wow! It works largely because it comes out of nowhere and throws you back into another era. If you love cinema and talked about how cinema was made then, you start looking for parallels. The magic is always there. My question is this magic should not be replicated. I hope someone is not already planning on remaking The Artist.Zoya Akhtar: I had heard about the film before I saw it. And, I had also read about it. When I went in to watch it, I wondered if it would be gimmicky. The film was such a revelation because it is so pure. Even the box format and black and white that the director has shot in. it's a very brave film to make with two French actors that nobody knows. It is such a simple story and extremely evocative. I am very partial to movies about movies. So, for me, it was a joyride. I loved the film. When I came out of theatre, I was really inspired. I was so happy. I celebrated that this film has come out and has been recognised the way it has been. It's a beautiful experience.Onir : I had heard about the film before seeing it. I was a little sceptical because I was constantly hearing how great the film is. But while watching the film, I fell in love with silent movies all over again. Even though I watched a lot of silent movies while growing up, somewhere in between I had forgotten about them and had stopped watching. The Artist made me want to revisit all those films again.Sanjay: This is the first time I saw the film. And, I have to say, is that I have 'heard' a silent film. Every emotion is heightened. Every performance is so well nuanced. It really reiterates the fact that less is more. If you take away dialogues from an actor, it's like chopping off a boxer's hands. But, here every emotion was expressed. Even the dog!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001567", "title": "Furore in House as TDP flays minister", "text": "HYDERABAD: The legislative assembly on Wednesday witnessed acrimonious scenes between the treasury benches and the opposition over an alleged preferential directive issued on behalf of a minister in charge of Krishna district regarding allotment of houses to a select list of beneficiaries from the weaker sections.Trouble began after opposition leader and Telugu Desam Party (TDP) president N Chandrababu Naidu made scathing remarks against secondary education minister K Pardha Saradhi during a discussion on the governor's address.Chandrababu accused the minister of having directed, via email, officials to finalize the list of housing beneficiaries in consultation with, apart from the district incharge minister, only those local Congress leaders as suggested by him.Pandemonium ensued in the Assembly when Naidu observed that the minister in question could end up in Chandchalguda jail for violating rules and engaging in professional misconduct.This infuriated the minister who launched a broadside at the opposition leader. Soon, a heated exchange had broken out between the ruling Congress and opposition TDP members. Although the minister clarified that he had nothing to do with the matter, he justified the issuance of instructions on the contention that that was a practice which was in vogue. \"I am ready for any action in this matter as the beneficiaries on the list are genuine and have been finalized based on official guidelines,\" he said.Meanwhile, the Telugu Desam Legislature Party has issued a notice to have a privilege motion introduced against Pardha Saradhi, alleging him of having behaved indecorously in the Assembly. A delegation of TDP MLAscalled on Speaker Nadendla Manohar and submitted the notice. Later, in the evening, the TDP delegation took up the issue with governor ESL Narasimhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11999688", "title": "Excise department favours more wine breweries", "text": "GURGAON: The local excise department's proposal to allow hookah bars to operate in Gurgaon and its adjoining areas after getting licences has not found favour with the state government. The state excise department officials said that this does not come under their jurisdiction and their current focus is to promote consumption of drinks with less alcohol content in the region.The excise policy for 2012-13, which was uploaded on its website by the department on Wednesday, mentions incentive for winery licences in the state.State excise commissioner Ramendra Jakhu said that they were providing incentives to new wineries considering the success of one such manufacturing unit in Bawal, near Rewari. \"We want people to consume less alcohol. We also expect growing of grapes to increase in the state in the near future,\" he added.As per the notified policy, which comes into effect from April 1 (next financial year), a winery licence shall be granted/ renewed on payment of licence fee of Rs 10,000 per annum.\"A local wine manufacturer from Haryana shall obtain a licence in form L-1W to market its products in the state. The L-1W license shall be granted and renewed at an annual fee of Rs 1 lakh by the excise commissioner,\" the policy states.Similarly, to promote consumption of wine in comparison to hard liquor, a separate licence in the form S-1A for retail sale of wine shall be granted to the local wineries of the state for selling their own indigenously manufactured products in the adjoining premises of the winery.The government has also adopted the provision of a separate licence in form S-1B for \"wine tavern\", meaning a place for the consumption of indigenously manufactured wine with or without eatables on the premises of S-1A licence.Meanwhile, the state excise and taxation minister, Kiran Choudhry, has said that no retail liquor outlet would be allowed within a distance of 150 metres from the main gate of recognized schools or colleges or places of worship or hospitals. Such liquor vends or sub-vends would also not be allowed in the villages where Kanya Gurukul exists.She added that all such proposals given by village panchayats across the state have been accepted during formuation of the new excise policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998379", "title": "CBI probes bailout of Emaar MGF", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI on Wednesday launched a probe into alleged irregularities in the Rs 766.89-cr bailout package given to Emaar MGF by the Delhi Development Authority (DDA) for construction of 1,168 flats in the Commonwealth Games Village.Though the agency did not name any DDA official, the probe names Emaar-MGF in the preliminary enquiry (PE) filed on Wednesday in connection with alleged irregularities \"in the valuation process of the bailout package,\" the CBI sources said.After getting a contract to build the Commonwealth Games Village at Akshardham, Emaar-MGF cited a slowdown in the real estate sector and its inability to raise resources to ask for financial assistance from DDA. In its report, the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) had said DDA had extended a bailout package worth Rs 766.89 crore in the form of procurement of 333 apartments at the rate of Rs 11,000 per square foot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "jewar (greater noida)", "code": "11997939", "title": "Tewatia in jail, but wife sets out to woo Jewar farmers", "text": "JEWAR (GREATER NOIDA): While Mayawati still hasn't broken her silence about the violence in Bhatta Parsaul and the farmers' agitation that followed, the deafening roar of protest about the 'forced' land acquisition in western Uttar Pradesh is best personified in Nutan Tewatia. She is campaigning for her jailed husband, farmer leader Manveer Tewatia, the JD(U) candidate for Jewar.Accompanied by a score of party supporters, Nutan is busy making rounds of the Jewar assembly constituency, meeting farmers, holding public meetings with women and \"connecting with the youth. All this is being done to drum up support for her husband who is currently lodged in the Dasna Jail for allegedly inciting the mob in the Bhatta Parsaul clash, among other things.With a total of 19 candidates contesting from Jewar, and the recent land acquisition row serving as the core electoral issue, this assembly seat is especially crucial considering the national attention it garnered when Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi sneaked into Bhatta and Parsaul as well as his foot march in the villages along the Yamuna Expressway.However, the support that Rahul has managed to garner across Jewar, does not faze Nutan. Neither does the fact that her husband has 31 criminal cases against him, including 14 charges related to murder. \"These cases are all baseless. Everyone knows that my husband has dedicated his life to the cause of the farmers. He went to jail to ensure that the farmers of western UP get their due. He wanted to pursue a Masters in Economics, but left it to work in the social sector,\" she says.Residents agree that the JD(U)'s decision to field Manveer Tewatia, who has emerged as \"a crusader of sorts\" for farmers of Jewar agitating for better compensation and rehabilitation packages for years now, has posed an \"obstacle in translating the Congress support into substantial numerical advantage in the polls.\" \"While most villagers feel that Rahulji is sincere, his party does not really come up to par. But Tewatia actually took up the villagers' cause,\" says Mukhat Lal Sharma, a Bhatta resident, who sustained critical injuries during the May 7 clash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12002534", "title": "Theatres to shut in support of bandh", "text": "MYSORE: Movie buffs can't enjoy watching movies in theatres because theatres in Mysore, Mandya and Chamarajanagar district will remain closed on Thursday in support of the state-wide bandh called by theatre owners. Mysore Theatre Owners' Association member V Devanand said the theatres will shut down for a day, to oppose the central government's proposal of implementing service tax for theatres. \"When theatre owners are already paying entertainment tax, levying of service tax is not justifiable,\" he said.The Centre should withdraw its proposal of implementing service tax as it will affect movie goers. This new proposal may lead to rise in ticket prices, he opined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001891", "title": "IFS officer plots Rs 4-cr loan fraud", "text": "HYDERABAD: Crime Investigation Department (CID) officials probing the Andhra Pradesh Women's Cooperative Finance Corporation (APWCFC) loan scam discovered that nearly Rs 4 crore was given to people who did not even apply for loan under the state government's flagship programme, Indiramma Mahila Upadhi Pathakam (IMUP).CID officials said the then APWCFC managing director AKishan, an officer of Indian Forest Service, played a key role in execution of the financial fraud. At his behest, lower-rung officials allowed disbursement of loans without even receiving applications from beneficiaries, they added. Highly-placed sources told TOI that of the Rs 15 crore loan disbursed by APWCFC under IMUP, Rs 4 crore was misappropriated. After the arrest of Sayeda Bibi and Fazal Haq a couple of days ago, the CID officials learnt that Bibi is a close friend of Kishan and Rs 75.3 lakh was released to her by the APWCFC without even maintaining a file.\"Kishan issued direction to APWCFC accounts officer J Sheshagiri Rao to release the loan amount to Bibi by sending an informal letter. Sheshagiri Rao promptly obeyed the order of his boss and released the amount, which was subsequently withdrawn by Bibi,\" the sources added.During the investigation, CID officials found that the scam was perpetrated by using fake documents. Two bank accounts were opened, one in the name of Bibi at the Baghlingampalli branch of State Bank of Hyderabad, and another in the name of Lakshmi by Bibi in Andhra Bank, Chikadpalli. The Rs 75.3 lakh deposited in the two accounts by APWCFC was transferred immediately after the amount was credited. The bank accounts were opened using fake identification proofs.Police claimed the fraud could be bigger as several beneficiaries, who took loans as part of the conspiracy, were yet to be traced. Till date, 15 persons were identified to whom Rs 4 crore was disbursed. When CID officials questioned accounts officer Sheshagiri Rao, he disclosed that the loan amounts were released by him on the direction of Kishan. \"The accounts officer knew that he was going against the rules, but he claimed that being a subordinate he could not defy his powerful boss Kishan,\" the sources said.The obedience to his boss landed the accounts officer behind the bars. However, the kingpin, Kishan, could save himself from the police dragnet as court granted him reprieve, directing CID not to arrest him.Besides granting loans illegally, Kishan carried out unauthorised land transactions with Pushpanjali Trexim Limited, New Delhi, by leasing five acres land in survey number 66/3, Gachibowli for an amount of Rs 6 crore. The lease amount, which was deposited in the account of the corporation, was diverted to the personal account of the official, the investigator said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11997691", "title": "Industrialists in district ready wish list for next government", "text": "NOIDA: Entrepreneurs in the twin cities have a lot of expectations from the next government for the growth of industries as many feel that no elected representative has given much thought about their situation going from bad to worse.With the percentage of polling having risen after the fourth phase of the assembly polls, this has prompted the Noida Entrepreneurs' Association (NEA), an umbrella body of industries, to ready their wish-list for the district's economic development. The list is in the form of industry expectations from the prospective government in UP and makes recommendations to political parties for inclusion in their agenda.The recommendations pertain to all sectors that have a bearing on industrial and economic development. They include infrastructure, uninterrupted power, special policies, tax exemptions, and more. Poor interior roads and the lack of underground drainage system are other challenges in this zone that they want addressed.\"In 1976, when Noida was formed, the plan was to develop an integrated industrial township,\" said Vipin Malhan, NEA president. \"However, infrastructure has not been matched with the requirements,\" he added. Poor infrastructure and erratic power supply are factors that have led to several units shutting shop and moving away. \"Leave aside improvement, in fact the industries are shrinking,\" said Sandeep Mehndiratta, an industrialist.The government receives large sums through taxes from the 6,200 industrial units in Noida and 3,500 in Greater Noida, industrialists claim. \"Last financial year recorded Rs 9,740 crore as tax revenues from Noida,\" Malhan said. \"But, the step-motherly treatment continues,\" lamented a Greater Noida entrepreneur.\"Our expectation is for planned development and proper growth of industry,\" said a Noida-based businessman, Alok Gupta, adding that \"it was unfortunate that despite the enormous industrial potential, the district is lagging behind\".Meanwhile, politicians continue to promise a host of sops to the industrialists to woo them. But, the community is not very optimistic. \"Candidates from all parties have been doing their rounds and making tall promises, but that has happened before and we are yet to see any results,\" said SP Sharma, general secretary, Indian Industries Association, Greater Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12002429", "title": "MPs demand better railway connectivity in Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: Several MPs from state, including Kolhapur, Ahmednagar, Nashik and Solapur, on Wednesday expressed the need for expansion and upgradation of railway services in the state. During a state-level meeting held here ahead of the railway budget, MPs pressed for introduction of new trains, more stoppages for existing trains, doubling of tracks and implementation of passenger amenities at various stations in their respective constituencies.Central Railway's general manager S K Jain, who was present at the meeting, said that demands will be submitted to the railway board.MPs Supriya Sule (Baramati), Bhausaheb Wakchaure (Shirdi), Raju Shetty (Kolhapur), Rajitsinha Mohite Patil (Solapur) and Samir Bhujbal (Nashik) attended the meeting, while Maval MP Gajanan Babar submitted his memorandum to the authorities. Suresh Kalmadi (Pune) and Shivajirao Adhalrao Patil (Shirur) were absent at the meeting.Sule called for better amenities at Pune railway station. \"There is a need for upgradation of Pune, Baramati, Daund and Neera railway stations as they have registered significant increase in the number of passenger. The railway administration should also seriously consider commencement of shuttle services on Lonavla-Pune-Daund route to reduce burden on road traffic,\" she said.Babar said that Maharashtra being a progressive state, the railway ministry should allot more funds for the state. The railways should take up the issue local train services on the Lonavla-Karjat-Panvel route on priority as over hundreds of commuters travel on this route daily. There is a need to lay additional railway tracks between Pune and Lonavla for EMU services. Babar also stressed the need to construct under-passes at various locations in Pimpri, Chinchwad and Akurdi.Since Shirdi was emerging as a pilgrimage centre, additional train services should be started from there, Wakchaure said. Stoppages should be given to long distance trains at Shirdi and Ahmednagar. The railways should also start working on new lines like Pune-Nashik, Shirdi-Shahapur and Puntamba-Rohegaon, he added.Shetty said that Kolhapur has always been neglected as far as railway amenities are concerned. Daily express trains should be started from Kolhapur to Mumbai, Chennai, Nagpur and Ahemdabad. The long-pending demand for upgradation of loading-unloading facilities at Sangli and Kolhapur is still not addressed. Fertilizers of lakhs of rupees go waste because of the poor infrastructure.Shetty also said that no steps were taken for laying a new railway track between Kolhapur and Vaibhavwadi. This track is important as it would be a direct link to the Konkan region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001844", "title": "Youth assaulted by unknown people", "text": "HYDERABAD: A youth, Mohammed Abdul Mateen alias Asif, resident of Chanchalguda was attacked by unidentified persons in Rein Bazaar area late Tuesday night.Asif was returning home from Hafeezbaba Nagar when he was reportedly stopped by four persons who rained blows on him. Asif lodged a complaint with the Rein Bazaar police on Wednesday morning. \"These unknown persons suddenly attacked me for no reason,\" he told the police.The incident took place near the Madannapet police station, he said. The Rein Bazaar police registered a case under IPC Sections 341(wrongful restraint) and 324 (voluntarily causing hurt) and began investigation.Ex-mayor's husband booked for assaulting a merchantHYDERABAD: A criminal case has been booked against former mayor Banda Karthika Reddy's husband Chandra Reddy for assaulting a timber merchant.According to OU police, Chandra Reddy asked timber merchant Sridhar Reddy to supply wood for making furniture at his house. As he felt the supplied wood was of inferior quality, Chandra Reddy asked the merchant to replace it. To discuss the issue, Sridhar Reddy went to Chandra Reddy's house in Tarnaka on Wednesday morning. \"Sridhar Reddy alleged that during the discussion, Chandra Reddy slapped him and pushed him on to the floor,\" OU inspector P Ashok said.Based on a complaint lodged by Sridhar Reddy, police booked a case under Sections 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) against Chandra Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "11999419", "title": "Jat agitation: Railways' loss is roadways' gain", "text": "HISAR: When the Indian railways is facing huge losses due to cancellation of trains in view of the ongoing Jat agitation, it's the Haryana Roadways, which is gaining and earning more than their normal earnings, as more passengers are being forced to take buses since Sunday.Jats, who have been demanding reservation in government jobs and educational institutions have been protesting near the railway track near village Ramayan of Hisar district for the past four days. They, however, have not blocked the railway tracks this time. But a cautious government has stopped trains on the Hisar-Bhiwani-Delhi route. In fact ten trains have been cancelled, while some have been diverted to other routes.In view of the cancellation of trains, the Haryana Roadways is making more money than usual in Hisar, Sirsa and Fatehabad areas. The department has pushed extra buses into service in these areas for the convenience of passengers.Udayveer Singh, the traffic manager of Haryana Roadways, Hisar, said, \"Generally, we earn Rs 10 lakh daily here but these days, we are making between Rs 13 to Rs 14 lakh a day.\"On the other hand, Hisar station master Radhey Shyam Meena said, \"We have been losing Rs 10 lakh daily for the past four days. We have refunded Rs 1.25 lakh collected as reservation charges till now.\"Ram Bhagat Malik, a leader of the Jat Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti, said that the losses that the railways is facing is not their fault. \"We are sitting on dharna peacefully. Not just that, we are protesting under the open sky despite the chilly nights,\" he said.Ashok Kumar , a passenger rues, \"It is a big problem for us to travel in over-crowded buses. On Hisar-Delhi, Sirsa-Hisar, Sirsa-Fatehabad, Fatehabad-Hisar-Delhi and Delhi-Hisar-Sirsa routes, the buses are so crowded that many times, around a 100 passengers clamber on to a single bus.\"BoxCancelled trainsTrain number Routes54787-88 Rewari-Bhiwani54781-82 Rewari-Bhathinda54751-52 Ganganagar-Rewari-Hisar14085-86 Sirsa-Delhi59703-04 Hisar-Rewari59701-02 Hisar-Bhiwani19771-72 Jaipur-Sirsa-Amritsar19781-82 Jaipur-Amritsar12555-56 Gorakhpur-Hisar-Delhi14519-20 Bhathinda-Delhi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11999622", "title": "Four arrested for floating gold scheme", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The Navi Mumbai crime branch has arrested four employees of a gold jewellery company after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) raised an objection about a certain financial scheme floated recently by the company.While the full details of this non-banking investment scheme of the company are not immediately known, an official of the crime branch has confirmed that four employees of the Vashi branch office of the Chemmanur Group of Companies have been arrested and remanded in police custody.\"This financial matter is still under investigation, so we cannot come to any specific conclusion about it,\" said a police officer.It is reliably learnt that this particular scheme had invited citizens to deposit cash with them, by promising to offer high interest rate, which is not as per the norms of RBI. Hence the economic offence was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11999285", "title": "Three independents file nominations on first day", "text": "MADURAI: Nominations started on Wednesday for the March 18 byelection to Sankarankoil (SC) constituency. , which is set to witness a four-cornered contest between major parties in Tamil Nadu.On the first day, three independent candidates filed their nominations.The independent candidates who filed their nominations on Wednesday are S Padmarajan, S Arumugam and Sri Ramachandran. Interestingly, Padmarajan is filing his nomination for the assembly elections in Tamil Nadu for the 43rd time. He has a record of filing nominations for 128 elections so far., including 24 Lok Sabha elections, where his opponents include Congress president Sonia Gandhi and other top leaders and 26 Rajya Sabha elections, including Dr A P J Abdul Kalam and president Pratibha Patil. He has filed his nominations in the assembly constituencies and contested against leading AIADMK and DMK candidates. He said that he was proceeding to Kerala on Thursday to file his nomination for the 129th time for the byelection to Pranavam constituency.Gandhian and former revenue officer Arumugam, filed his nomination before the assistant election officer Damodaran after taking an oath with his supporters near the Gandhi statue in front of the temple there. He said that he would take this opportunity to spread the knowledge of total abolition and the importance of fighting corruption, during his campaign for this constituency. The last to file his nomination for the day was Sriramachandran, who did so in the evening.AIADMK's Muthulakshmi is expected to file her nomination on Thursday and ministers Sengottaiyan and O Paneerselvam are expected to accompany her. The DMK candidate will file his nomination on February 27.Meanwhile, major political parties have chalked out plans for the visit of their leaders to the constituency. DMK leader M Karunanidhi is expected to campaign and also address a public meeting on March 15, while chief minister J Jayalalithaa is expected to campaign on March 13. MDMK leader Vaiko will kick-off his campaign on February 25, while Vijayakanth's DMDK is yet to come out with its plans. But, sources say that both Vijayakanth and his wife Premalatha are expected to camp in the constituency and campaign with a 40-member team having been appointed to oversee the campaign preparations. The dalit parties are yet to express their stand in this bypoll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11999049", "title": "Airlines insensitive towards disability", "text": "KOLKATA: When the SpiceJet pilot forced Jeeja Ghosh off the aircraft on Sunday because he did not want an 'abnormal' passenger on board, he was displaying the ignorance and insensitivity of the industry that claims to be on a par with hospitality but stumbles every time they encounter a passenger with disability.Jeeja Ghosh, head of advocacy and disability studies at Indian Institute of Cerebral Palsy (IICP), was unable to travel to Goa where she was supposed to attend a seminar after the pilot forced her to deplane since she was not beingaccompanied by anyone. Though she argued that it wasn't her maiden air journey alone, the pilot turned a deaf ear.Sminu Jindal, managing director of Jindal SAW &amp; chairperson of Swayam, was scathing in her criticism of the airline's action and recounted a similar experience. \"This is not the first time that a disabled person has been harassed. It's astonishing that even after so long, the airlines follow the same procedure and are insensitive towards disabled people. It is outrageous and inhuman. I share a similar experience with Jet Airways . In 2008, during my flight to Bangkok , I was asked either to sign an indemnity bond or deplane. The recent incident with Jeeja, who was asked to boot off by the pilot thinking that she was mentally disabled, again highlights airlines' apathetic attitude towards disabled passengers,\" Jindal said.She argued that the issue was not about people with disabilities the handicappedbeing ill-treated, but how airlines refuse to provide basic assistance and dignity to physically-challenged passengers. \"There is lack of basic sensitivity. The airlines should wake up and hold sensitization workshops for the employees,\" she said.Last year, a visually impaired executive from the city was similarly humiliated at Patna airport. Md Asif Iqbal, who has travelled all over the world and even helped frame disabled-friendly guidelines for Indian airports, was forced to sign an indemnity bond by Kingfisher Airlines before being allowed to board. His complaint to DGCA and airline bosses led to the dismissal of the errant staffer. Even the station manager faced the music despite being on leave when the incident happened.\"I had thought the airlines would learn a lesson and the strict action in my case would deter a repeat. But the industry appears to have learnt nothing. It is very unfortunate and distressing to hear that people with disabilities are discriminated. Guidelines framed specifically for the aviation industry stated that airlines would provide escort and assistance to the disabled and not refuse any such passenger or seek an indemnity bond. But the norms are flouted at will,\" said Iqbal.On Wednesday afternoon, Parivaar-Bengal, along with Shruti disAbility Rights Centre, Noble Mission, Manovikas Kendra, Indian Institute of Celebral Palsy, Ashutosh Institution, Autism Society of West Bengal and Disability Activists' Forum, demonstrated against Sunday's incident at the Gariahat intersection and urged people to be more sensitive and help the disabled secure their right to move freely. \"Though seats are reserved for the disabled in trams, buses and trains, scant effort is made to either facilitate the access to the disabled or respect their right to use public transport,\" pointed out Shukla Bhaduri, founder general secretary of Mentaid (Association for the Development of Mentally Handicapped).Over 200 people-the disabled, their parents, teachers, activists and well-wishers-participated in the drive. \"We vehemently condemn this unlawful act on the part of the pilot and the airline and demand stringent action so that such type of infringement of civic rights of persons with disabilities is not repeated,\" said Iona Kundu, general secretary of Parivaar-Bengal, the state's umbrella federation of parents whose children suffer from autism, cerebral palsy, mental retardation and multiple disabilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998492", "title": "Assault on MCD engineer: Court raps state government", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday took cognizance of a TOI report on the assault of an MCD engineer and directed the Delhi Police chief to submit a report on steps taken to nab the culprits.\"Why is there no protection to MCD officials when they go for demolition or sealing of unauthorized construction,\" asked a bench comprising acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw.The court was also told by Ajay Arora, standing counsel for MCD, that no arrests have been made till now by the police and authorities often don't cooperate when MCD officials seek protection to enforce court orders.Concerned over the plight of the engineer Ansar Alam, HC took up the matter while hearing another case relating to illegal construction in Chandni Chowk area. Alam, who was pressing for stricter action against illegal constructions, was brutally attacked by unidentified men near Rajghat last week.Alam - admitted with 25 stitches in his head and multiple fractures in leg - was attacked by the Walled City's builder mafia, whom the official had taken on after being drafted in the City zone to curb rampant illegal construction, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12002078", "title": "Mystery surrounds woman's death", "text": "HYDERABAD:A 30-year-old housewife was found murdered at her residence in Warasiguda on Wednesday.The victim has been identified as Chaitanya, wife of one Srinivas who runs an internet cafe at Secunderabad's Regimental Bazar. The couple got married five years back and have a four-year-old son.Chaitanya went to visit her brother, who stays nearby around 8.30 am. \"After meeting her brother's family, Chaitanya returned home at about 9.20am. While getting back home, she called her mother to tell her that she was not feeling well,\" Chilkalguda inspector B Anjaiah said. When her mother found that the victim was suddenly no longer answering her phone calls, she immediately alerted Srinivas.When neither his calls were answered, Srinivas requested his cousin, Rakesh, who stays nearby, to check at their residence. \"Rakesh noticed that the main door of the house was latched from the outside. Upon entering, he found Chaitanya lying dead on the bed,\" the inspector said.Police said that Chaitanya's gold mangalsutra was missing and suggested that it could be a case of murder for gain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11998005", "title": "\u2018Party ignored warnings on Kripashankar\u2019", "text": "Wednesday's developments involving Congress leader Kripashankar Singh came as a major embarrassment to both party president Sonia Gandhi and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. Insiders, however, said the Congress leadership could have avoided such a situation had it acted upon the complaints that had piled up against him.The Bombay High Court on Wednesday directed Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik to register an FIR against Singh under the Prevention of Corruption Act for \"criminal misconduct\". Singh, already under fire for the Congress's poor performance in the BMC elections, has also resigned as president of the Mumbai unit of the party.Sources said Singh submitted his resignation moments after learning of the high court order on Wednesday, which was accepted. However, the chief minister said: \"Singh had submitted his resignation after the results of the civic elections were declared. It has been accepted now.\"Explaining how the party high command \"ignored\" the complaints against Singh, a Congress MP told TOI:\"Had Sonia Gandhi and Chavan taken serious note of the specific complaints made against Singh, it would not have faced such an embarrassing situation now. It was unfortunate that the Congress waited for such a stringent court order against him.\"Ever since Singh took over the reins of the Mumbai Congress in May 2008, he earned the displeasure of several party colleagues. However, in view of his links to the Gandhi family, no office-bearer was able to express his/her views against Singh. In fact, Singh was one of the few Congress leaders in Maharashtra who had direct access to 10, Janpath.Former Union minister of state for home Gurudas Kamat and Congress MP Priya Dutt were among the first high-ranking party leaders in Mumbai to raise the banner of revolt against Singh's leadership. However, Singh was not affected as he always enjoyed the protection of the Congress high command, said the insiders.This became evident when the party leadership decided to adopt a wait-and-watch policy-instead of taking action against Singh-even after a PIL was filed alleging that he had amassed wealth disproportionate to his known sources of income.Sanjay Tiwari, who filed the PIL before the high court, submitted specific information on Singh and his family's assets. He also raised doubts over the accounts maintained with some cooperative and nationalized banks and alleged that there seemed to be large-scale illegal transactions either in Singh's name or in the names of his wife, son and daughter.\"It appears that despite having such startling information against Singh, neither the chief minister nor the Congress president thought of sacking him,\" the party MP said.Besides, the MP added, it was shocking that the party gave Singh the crucial job of selecting candidates for the Mumbai municipal elections-in which the Congress and the NCP were drubbed-at a time when the high court had reserved its verdict on the PIL.\"We expected that in view of the PIL pending before the court, the Congress high command would keep him away from the civic elections. But then, we realized that he had become the main person. The high command has accepted his resignation now, but we feel it is too late,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12001626", "title": "Centre tells Supreme Court gay sex immoral, calls for new ban", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Thursday opposed dilution of Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) by Delhi high court, which decriminalised sexual acts, in private, between consenting adults of the same sex and urged the Supreme Court to reverse the landmark ruling. The UPA government told the Supreme Court that the HC had erred because a vast section of the Indian society still considered homosexuality immoral.The Delhi high court on July 2, 2009, had delivered a historic judgement to amend a 149-year-old colonial-era law - Section 377 of the IPC - and decriminalise private consensual sex between adults of the same sex. The judgment was seen as the biggest victory yet for gay rights.Gay sex \"is highly immoral and against the social order,\" additional solicitor general PP Malhotra, who is representing the Centre, told the apex court on Thursday.He added that it was \"against nature and spreads HIV.\"The Centre said it favoured the ban staying in place in order to prevent child abuse and because Indian society was largely against homosexuality according to a survey by the Law Commission. \"Laws can't run separately from society and the morals of the time,\" Malhotra said.When the Supreme Court asked who decided what was immoral, the Union government said society did so and argued that the Indian laws could not but reflect the views of its society. The government said the HC considered only judgements of foreign countries where homosexuality may not be resented.\"Our moral and social values are different from other countries and we cannot be guided by them,' the Centre told the court.Hence, it appealed that the provision be retained in full to reflect the society's views. Though the Centre had not appealed against the judgement, the ministry of Home affairs came out strongly against the dilution of Section 377.The Union home ministry, however, denied that it had taken any position on homosexuality. In a statement, the ministry said: \"After the judgment of the High Court, Delhi, decriminalizing homosexuality, was delivered, the matter was considered by the Cabinet. The decision of the Cabinet was that the Central government may not file an appeal against the judgment in the Supreme Court; however, if any other party to the case prefers an appeal, the Attorney General may be requested to assist the Supreme Court to examine the matter and to decide the legal questions involved. Home ministry conveyed this decision to the AG.\"\"The ministry has also not given any instruction apart from conveying the decision of the Cabinet,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11989891", "title": "'Dangerous Ishq': No item number for Karisma Kapoor", "text": "The original dancing queen , as Karisma Kapoor is known to be and who is now making a comeback with Vikram Bhatt's 'Dangerous Ishq', has denied of doing any item number in Akshay Kumar - Sonakshi Sinha-starrer Rowdy Rathore.Earlier the buzz was that Karisma has agreed to do an item number on the lines of Munni and Chikni Chameli in the Sanjay Leela Bhansali film which is directed by Prabhudeva.It was also said that Prabhudeva will be choreographing the song that will draw inspiration from Chikni Chameli and will be filmed in the villain's den.Clarifies Karisma, \"These are mere rumours . 'Dangerous Ishq' is complete and soon I will start work on 'Satte Pe Satta' . I am taking projects one at a time, I am hearing more scripts and I am definitely not doing any item number, I rather do some good roles,\" says Karisma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11998353", "title": "Bihar examination board denies paper leak in matric exam", "text": "PATNA: Amid reports regarding leakage of English questions of the matriculation examinations (Class X) in around 12 districts in the state, the Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) on Wednesday claimed that the leaked question paper was fake.BSEB secretary Lalan Jha said that at least four fake examinees were arrested at a matriculation examination centre at the College of Commerce here. He said over 100 matric examinees were rusticated for using unfair means on Wednesday. He claimed peaceful conduct of matriculation examination across the state. The matriculation examination of English paper was held on the day.After the question papers were given to the examinees across the state, the BSEB officials checked the allegedly leaked English question paper with the original English question set which the students had already started answering. The BSEB officials found that the real question paper and the leaked question paper did not tally at all, Jha said.He said many matric examinees must have been affected after seeing the so-called leaked paper. The BSEB secretary added that even the guardians of a section of matri examinees must have been perturbed. He said due care should be taken by the media before reporting about leak of question papers.Jha claimed that the examination system of the BSEB was absolutely foolproof and that there was no question of leakage of any paper. The alleged leaked papers were reportedly sold in the market at a cost of Rs 500- 5,000 per copy.The BSEB secretary said that this year, 12.66 lakh students are appearing in the matric examinations with the girls (more than 6.5 lakh) outnumbering the boys (5.8 lakh). He said all examiners, who would evaluate the matric examination answer-books, would be sent examination appointment letters with their respective photographs printed on them. He said that optical magnetic registration with photograph of the examiners had already been done earlier. This would help in checking fake examiners, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998352", "title": "Election fever grips JNU after 4 years, final list out", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jawaharlal Nehru University is in election mode with the election committee declaring the final list of candidates. The university is having the students' union election after a gap of four years.The presidential debate will be conducted on February 28 and polling will take place on March 1.On Wednesday, the final lists of candidates was declared. While all major students' organizations are fielding a full panel, the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad candidate's nomination - for the post of vice-president - was cancelled on technical grounds. Youth for Equality is contesting for the post of president only.All India Students' Association is fielding Sucheta De for the post of president of the students' union while Zico Dasgupta is representing the Students Federation of India and All India Students' Federation for the same post.National Students' Union of India is fielding Murad Ahmed for the post of president while ABVP's Mamta Tripathi is in the fray for the same post . In all, 27 candidates are contesting for the four posts in the central panel, including 10 for the post of president. As many as 96 are contesting for 30 councillor's post.The level of excitement is different this year. For a large number of students on campus, this will be the first time they will experience the fanfare and high-voltage political drama associated with the students' union elections.Moreover, JNU is one of the few campuses outside West Bengal, Kerala and Tripura where mostly left backed organizations hold sway.A post-graduate student , Rakesh Kumar, who joined the university in 2010, said, \"We have read and heard so much about the JNUSU elections and we just can't wait to witness it first-hand. Many of my seniors graduated this year without knowing what the experience is like.\"JNUSU elections, so far, had been conducted by the students without any interference of the administration. However, the Supreme Court stayed the elections in 2008 citing violations of the Lyngdoh committee's recommendations on students' union elections in educational institutions.On December 8 last year, the SC lifted the stay as an interim measure and gave certain exemptions, for instance the maximum age limit for M Phil/ PhD students has been increased from 28 years to 30 years, no requirement for attendance to contest elections and photocopied material being allowed in the campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "12001314", "title": "Kurash champ elated at his success", "text": "GND STADIUM: Baljinder Singh, who has won a bronze medal in the junior national kurash championship in Jammu recently, is elated at his success. If you are trying to recall what Kurash is, it's quite similar to judo but has a different technique. It originated in Uzbekistan but is now gaining popularity in India also.Baljinder, 16, said it was a major achievement for him to bag a medal in the national championship. Since 2009, he has been practicing Kurash in city under the supervision of coach, Rajesh Singh and Parveen Thakur. Initially he started playing judo but later, on his coach's suggestion, started playing Kurash and today has excelled in it. Baljinder plays in 60 kg weight category. After this win, Baljinder Singh has his eyes set on the senior national Kurash championship that would be held in Ludhiana next month. He feels the game is still not well promoted in the state but is hopeful that soon it will get its due.His father, Jagwant Singh's dream is to see his son representing the country in the international kurash championship and he always keeps motivating him. Baljinder said he used to spend five hours on practicing in the multipurpose hall. Hailing from Thakkarwal village of Ludhiana, Baljinder stated that practicing kurash also keeps him fit as he has to exercise a lot in the stadium for that. Thakur said Baljinder is one of the best trainees of his centre who knows even the minor techniques of the game. He said he has been training him hard for an international win.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12002167", "title": "Mangalore University convocation: Three persons to get honorary doctorates", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore University (MU) will confer honorary doctorate degree (honoris causa) on three eminent personalities including Atomic Energy Commission chairman Srikumar Banejee for science and technology, National Institute of Public Finance and Policy, director, Govind Rao Marapalli for education and litterateur Aerya Laxminarayana Alva for literature and social service. Awards will be conferred at the 30th annual convocation of the university at Konaje on Thursday.Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda, who holds the additional charge of higher education and also the pro-chancellor of Mangalore University, will take part in the convocation and doctorate award distribution programme.Banerjee, who is also the secretary, the department of atomic energy, will deliver the convocation address. Banerjee will also inaugurate the new Centre for Application of Radioisotopes and Radiation Technology (CARRT) of the university on the occasion.The varsity will also award 44 doctor of philosophy degrees (arts-13, science -26 and commece-7) and 17 master of philosophy degrees (arts-1, science-9, commerce-07). There will be 35 gold medals and 57 cash prizes to be distributed on the occasion. Out of the 26,222 candidates who appeared for examinations in the year 2010-11, 17,271 (65.86%) passed. As far as PG courses were concerned, out of 2,984 candidates, who appeared, 2,732 (91.56%) passed, out of 23,154 UG students, who appeared, 14,460 (63.45%) passed and out of 23 PG diploma candidates, who appeared for the exams, 18 (78.26%) have passed.This year, toppers will get medals costing Rs 6,250 which will have 25 gm of silver coated with 1.3 gram gold. Earlier, students were given gold plated medals instead of gold medal as the university did not have sufficient funds.Vice-chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy said said that the university would gather resources to ensure that toppers are given real gold medal. \"We have written to the government to sanction additional funds to distribute gold medals to toppers every year,\" he said.Toppers in Mass Communication and Journalism and Master of Business Administration batches will get Late Sri Ramakrishna Mallya Gold Medal instituted by Sri Kshetra Dharmastala dharmadhikar, D Veerendra Heggade from this year onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998400", "title": "Two held for auto-lifting", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two persons, including a class XII student, were arrested for auto lifting. The accused have been identified as Akash, 19 and Rahul 20, police said. The police have recovered five stolen motorcycles from their possession.The accused told the police they loved to ride bikes of different make and their urge to live life on the fast lane led them down the path of crime. They also earned money by disposing of the stolen bikes, they told the cops.\"Our team stopped two persons for not wearing helmets. The bike was found to be a stolen one. When the duo was questioned, we found them to be involved in several cases of auto-lifting,\" said B S Jaiswal, DCP, outer.In another incident, two persons were arrested by the west district police. The duo, Vivek and Vijay Tokas, was involved in several cases of auto-lifting, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12002157", "title": "Gang of 3 ATM thieves busted", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A gang of three youths from Bihar was arrested by police on Wednesday for stealing over Rs 6 lakh from ATM counters in the port city. Cops recovered Rs 3.25 lakh in cash from their possession along with a fourwheeler.Mohammed Arman Khan alias Sarfuddin Khan, Mohammed Murshalin Khan, both standard IX dropouts, and Mohammed Arshad Khan, an Intermediate dropout, all hail from Fatehpur in Bihar's Gaya district. Police said that the trio was involved in robberies at 22 ATMs, including in one at Rajam in Srikakulam.Their modus operandi was as follows: The trio would pose as customers at ATMs and affix a gum-like material to one of the machines, rendering it dysfunctional.A customer trying to operate the ATM would think it inoperable and at that juncture, the trio would offer the machine they were using to the customer to withdraw money.Having noted the customer's unique ATM pin number, the trio would thereupon remove the adhesive and withdraw money from the customer's account. Police said that the accused had collected Rs 6 lakh by this means.One of the gang members even gave a demonstration of their method to police and media at a bank in the city. The trio even threatened customers with weapons at ATMs, said the cops who suspect that the gang was involved in crimes in the northern costal districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11999176", "title": "Political violence batters state", "text": "KOLKATA: Governments have strong laws to curb extremist violence or those committed by the Left ultras. But what happens when mainstream political parties, swearing by the law, resort to killings? The question has been doing the rounds for quite some time in Bengal's political circles where death toll is no less than the Maoist killings.CPM puts the death toll at 58, including the killing of the party's Burdwan leaders Pradip Ta and Kamal Gayen. Trinamool Congress claims that 32 party workers died after Mamata Banerjee took over as chief minister. The first comes from Leader of the Opposition Surjyakanta Mishra, while state commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee provided the toll tally on the Trinamool side. Taken together, the political death toll in Bengal since May is 90.A peek at the West Bengal assembly records bears out that the blood bath has its roots in Bengal's rural backyard - East and West Midnapore, Bankura, Purulia, Birbhum and Hooghly - since 2001. It became manifest in the 2003 panchayat elections when the Opposition (Trinamool Congress and Congress) could not field candidates in the polls. The trend started changing against the CPM after the 2008 panchayat polls that found its culmination with the change of government in the 2011 assembly elections. But it did not bring an end to the politics of violence, capture and recapture.Why so? The reason becomes evident when one takes a look at the trouble zones. The fury possibly has its roots embedded in the CPM hegemony during the Left Front rule. The blood bath in Burdwan is no exception. On Tuesday, Left youth leader at Jadavpur Avik Chowdhury was beaten up by Trinamool supporters for shouting slogans against Mamata Banerjee during the CPM rally at the Brigade Parade grounds. Like the CPM leaders, who didn't admit their hegemony and that their hand in violence at Keshpur, Chhoto Angaria and Suchpur while the Left Front was in government, the Trinamool leaders also have been making incoherent statements to wash their hands of the Burdwan bloodbath.Speaking to reporters, Chatterjee said it was mob fury spurred by villagers' resistance to a CPM armed recapture bid. It also found resonance in state law minister Moloy Ghatak's statements earlier in the day. President of Trinamool Burdwan (rural) zone and party MLA from Purbasthali, Swapan Debnath, however, described it as the fallout of an internal feud within the CPM. The later also figured in Trinamool state president Subrata Bakshi's comments in Midnapore. All Trinamool leaders, however, unequivocally said that Trinamool wasn't involved in the attack.Mishra squarely put the blame on Mamata Banerjee. \"The chief minister has the biggest responsibility as the supreme leader of her party (Trinamool Congress), the home minister and the head of the state. The administration is playing a partisan role. The administration is hand-in-glove with the ruling party and its goons who have unleashed a reign of terror in the state. The entire state is burning, the ruling party is taking the state towards anarchy,\" he said.Forward Bloc's Asoke Ghosh and RSP's Manoj Bhattacharya also sharply criticised Trinamool for instigating the attack. WBPCC president Pradip Bhattacharya said: \"It is high time that politics of killing is stopped forthwith. BJP president Rahul Sinha blamed \"provocative statements\" issued by the Trinamool for the outbreak of violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12002299", "title": "Kingfisher flies away from Indore", "text": "INDORE: Private carrier Kingfisher Airlines , which is in the throes of a grave financial crisis, has wound up its operations in Indore.The airline has handed over its two counters in the new terminal to the airport authourity and also vacated its office on the airport premises.Airport director R N Shinde confirmed that the airline had written to him on Tuesday evening regarding the handing over their counters and vacating their office.Kingfisher had earlier closed its city office at Janjeerwala Square and its flights have been discontinued. The counters and office at the airport were vacated on Wednesday, wiping off all its presence in the city.Officials of the airline refused to comment, but sources said the airline had not paid salaries to its local staff for the last three months, and has also not paid dues to the airport authority. Kingfisher now owes several lakh of rupees as due to the airport against landing charges.The airline used to have as many as 17 flights from the city to different destinations in the country. With the beginning of its financial crisis, the number of flights began shrinking until November, when the airline discontinued its flights from Indore along with 12 other cities.Official at airport said that airlines like IndiGo and other low cost carriers are eyeing the void created by Kingfisher's exit, and are expected to start more operations from the city in the coming months. Jetlite is also preparing to launch two new flights from the city, beginning February 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12001216", "title": "Named by tantric in theft case one killed, another missing", "text": "BHOPAL: In a pointer to superstitious beliefs prevalent in the adjoining rural pockets of the state capital, a farmer was burnt alive and another with physical attributes similar to the deceased went missing under mysterious circumstances. They were allegedly being pointed out as suspects in an electric pump theft by a tantric (practitioner of occult) in from the nearby Berasia tehsil, 30 kms from here.The incident has been reported in Pursuria village in Baresia tehesil of Bhopal, some 30 kilometres from here.The deceased, Santosh Giri and Ballu, who is missing, were at the receiving end after theft of a pump from the farm of Bhagwan Singh a month back. A tantrik based in Ashta, about 80 kms away from Bhopal towards Indore, gave description of the 'pump-thief' that matched with the appearance of the deceased Giri and another villager, Ballu.Ballu went missing soon after while charred remains of Santosh Giri were spotted close to the village on February 20. Of late, the police came into action and booked Phool Singh, his two sons--Bhupendra Singh, Bhura and two others Bhagwan and Vishwanath for murdering Santosh Giri.Investigations revealed that after being pointed out as suspects by the tantrik, a former sarpanch of the village, Jawahar Singh had intervened and asked the victims to deposit around Rs 18,000 as security deposit with the assurance of returning it back if the tantrik confirms that the duo- Ballu and Santosh Giri were innocent.Police said Ballu went missing after he allegedly had an argument with Bhagwan Singh, owner of the farm from where the pump was stolen, to payback his money, whereas Santosh Giri was found dead near the village.Although, the police have booked five persons in murder of Santosh Giri, Ballu continues to remain missing. Locals alleged that initially police were reluctant in registering a case of missing person. Later they were left with no option after Santosh Giri was found murdered.The police said one of the five accused, Bhagwan Singh has been arrested while efforts remain underway to nab the remaining accused, besides, tracing the missing Ballu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12002879", "title": "Kannur limping back to normalcy", "text": "KANNUR: The district remained by and large peaceful but for a couple of skirmishes between the IUML and CPM workers. Two buses, one each owned by Muslim League and CPM sympathizers were attacked near Pattuvam Kadavu. In another incident, two IUML activists - Shahudhin and Salahudhin - were attacked while they were riding a motorbike at Mangalassery near Thaliparamaba allegedly by CPM workers.Meanwhile authorities have deployed over 500 policemen including six platoons from other neighbouring districts in sensitive areas. An all-party meeting held at the district collectorate has decided to hold meeting at the local level in sensitive areas from Thursday to convince local workers of various parties against resorting to violence.\"All political party leaders agreed that the need of the hour is to restore peace and we should join hands to maintain harmony,\" said N T Mathew, the additional district magistrate, who is handling the charge of the district collector. It was also suggested that another meeting should be called in the coming days, which should be chaired by a state minister, Mathew said.Following the recent violent incidents, 34 cases have been registered in Thaliparamba region alone, said Rahul R Nair, ASP, Thaliparamba, who has been handling the charge of the superintendent of police after Anoop Kuruvilla John went on leave recently.Though cases have been registered against 390 people, no one has been arrested in the murder of Abdul Shukkur, the Muslim Youth League activist, who was killed on Monday. Ten persons from CPM and IUML are in preventive custody. However, he refused to divulge any details about the investigation into the murder case.The ASP said that the police have not received the name of accused in Shukkur murder case. Kannur MP and senior Congress leader K Sudhakaran had said that his party has given the names of people who witnessed the murder of Shukkur. The police officer also said that the police was not informed about the visit of CPM leader P Jayarajan to Pattuvam on Monday.He said a decision on withdrawing the prohibitory order will be taken after watching the situation on Thursday. MLAs T V Rajesh, James Mathew, C Krishnan, K M Shaji, CPM district secretary P Jayarajan, IUML district president V K Abdul Khader Moulavi, Congress district president P K VIjayaraghavan and other district leaders of all political parties and top district officials attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12000869", "title": "Plea in HC against new anti-terror body", "text": "CHENNAI: A public interest petition filed in the Madras high court has questioned the legality of the proposed National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC). A division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice N Kirubakaran, wondering as to how a proposed legislation to tackle a national security issue could be dragged to court, that too when several state governments have opposed the move, asked the court registry to post the matter before the first bench headed by Chief Justice M Y Eqbal.When the matter was taken up, Justice Elipe Dharma Rao told Manikandan Vathan Chettiar, counsel for petitioner S Vijayalakshmi, that the Prime Minister had been quoted as saying that the proposed set-up did not infringe on the federal structure of the nation.In her petition, Vijayalakshmi contended that instead of concentrating on modernization of security forces, the Centre was empowering itself with \"stone-age authority derived from obsolete and repealed enactments.\" The proposed organisation has no cadre of its own, and instead proposes to borrow its strength from existing entities, who are bound to continue their allegiance and loyalties to their parent force, the PIL said. Chettiar, making hissubmissions,said the Centre had not consulted the state governments, many of whom have voiced their opposition to the proposed agency. The Centre was trying to create it through an \"undatedexecutiveorder\", whereas the bill introduced in Parliament itself did not have the details the executive order had. He urged the court to stay the operation of the order for setting up NCTC.Refusing to pass any interim orders, Justice Elipe Dharma Rao said that whenever state governments faced serious law and order problems, they look to deployment of central forces and they also seek funds from the Centre. While so, what is the illegality in the Centre having a force to act swiftly, he asked. Though initially the court was inclined to order notice to the Centre, returnable in two weeks, it later expressed its displeasure at the submissions and asked the court registry to post the matter before the chief justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12002062", "title": "Asha\u2019s silk route to success", "text": "BELGAUM: It was sheer determination and passion that prompted Asha Tejasvi Naik of Modaga village in Belgaum to take up sericulture, a rather unique choice in her life. When she ventured into sericulture 15 years ago, hurdles were aplenty. However, her perseverance paid rich dividends in the form of both recognition and financial security. Asha Naik was recently awarded the ASPEE Farmer of the Year Award-2010 (women category), constituted by the Gujarat-based ASPEE Agricultural Research and Development Foundation, for her achievements in the field. The national award carries Rs 1 lakh cash, trophy and a citation.Asha has two silk rearing sheds, where indigenous low cost technologies of ventilation have been applied to maintain temperature, humidity and proper lighting. Practicing \"agnihotra homa\" farming technique to keep pest and diseases at bay and maintain pure atmosphere in the farm, Asha makes it a point to preserve biodiversity and soil health in a natural way.\"This technique helps retain positive energy in the atmosphere,\" she said. Asha avoids the use of chemical fertilizers or pesticides. Leftover mulberry sticks and dung from two cows, four calves and two bullocks at their outhouse are used as fertilizer for the entire farm. When she started rearing silkworms in a barren land of one and half acres, finding enough water was a herculean task. She had to fetch water from around 1 kilometre distance. Asha soon opted for rain water harvesting and a big pond was dug up. Other two wells in the field were also recharged by increasing the ground water table. At present, Asha cultivates mulberry crop in around 10 acres by taking surrounding lands on lease. The cultivating area is covered under drip irrigation to avoid wastage of water. According to her, sericulture cultivators are like salaried people who get monthly returns. Asha takes part in various programmes related to sericulture and floriculture as a resource person and trainer.According to B R Harugoppa, deputy director of sericulture department, rendering large-scale farming in sericulture successfully is a great achievement. \"Asha Naik is a role model for sericulture farmers and women,\" he said. The University of Agriculture Sciences, Dharwad, honoured her with Shrestha Krishi Mahile award in 2007. Asha's husband Tejasvi is a textile graduate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11998609", "title": "Relax FSI norm for rental housing: MMRDA chief", "text": "MUMBAI: The MMRDA chief wants the floor space index (FSI) granted to developers to be flexible in order to enable them to build effective rental housing schemes. FSI defines the permissible built-up area on a plot.MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana said builders often found the FSI of 4 (mandatory under the rental housing scheme) \"unviable\" in some areas.Asthana, heads an expert panel reviewing the rental accommodation scheme, said the recommendations had been made to the state government in a bid to improve the project.The panel is looking into ways to make the rental housing plan more effective. The state government had planned to construct 5 lakh housing units for low cost rentals ranging between Rs 800 and Rs 1,500 per month. Around 30,000 units measuring 160 sq ft each are under construction, with the scheme running into a hurdle. \"Under the scheme, 15 to 20% of the units should be handed over to the civic body since it was providing inputs,\" Asthana said.\"10% of the stock should be given to the government for special groups while the remaining housing units should be tagged as 'affordable housing' and sold,\" he added.To improve the infrastructure in the city, the state agency will be putting the elevated road planned from Worli to Sewri on the front burner, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12002079", "title": "Consumer panel orders builder to refund Rs 1 lakh advance", "text": "CHENNAI: After he paid an advanceof Rs1lakh to book a flat, G Ravi of Kaladipet near Tondiarpet got neither theflat nor his money back. Now, the State Consumer Disputes' Redressal Commission (SCDRC )has 1concludedthatthe builders-E maar MGF Land Limited-committed deficiency of service. It has also directed the builder to refund the advance amount to him.The incident occurred three years ago, when the builders announced the startof their new residential project, 'Esplanade.' Ravi wanted to book a flat for Rs 11,56,322 on the third floor. He paid an advance of Rs 1 lakh on October 5, 2008. After this, a provisional allotmentwas madefor theflatin his name.On getting theletter,hewassupposedtocounter-sign and pay an allotmentfeewhichwas 18 %of the totalsaleconsideration. The builders had promised that the token advance would be refunded in case Ravi was unable to get a housing loan. Though he tried, his efforts at getting the loan did not materialize and so, he was unable to pay the allotment fee. However, when he sought a refund of the amount,thebuildersdeniedit, acting asif they were entitled to the amount as per the terms andconditionsof the agreement.They contended that the sum of Rs 1 lakh was the amount paid towards registration which was liable to be forfeited. Hence, there hadbeen nodeficiency of serviceon their part. A bench of Justice M Thanikachalam, president, A K Annamalai, judicial member and S Sambandam, member, examined the matter. The bench observed that the receipt issuedby thebuildersdescribedthis amount as a 'booking amount' and not as a registration fee. A forfeiture clause did not apply tothebooking amount. The bench also noted that if provisional allotment was confirmed on further payment,then the builders might nothavehad an opportunity, to offer the property to a third party for sale.This had not happened here.Considering these facts,the bench concluded that this had to be construed as deficiency in service and ordered that the advance amount be refunded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998466", "title": "Blast victim can fly home, RML medical report ready", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nitin Mandlaus, the 37-year-old NRI injured in the Delhi high court blast can now join his family in Canada.On Wednesday, the Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital informed the high court that Nitin's medical report is ready and it will explain the presence of 600 metal pieces in his body. Nitin can pick up the certificate, the hospital told the court. The certificate is mandatory for Nitin's passage to Canada.A division bench comprising acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw ended proceedings began by them on basis of a TOI report. HC had on last hearing taken cognizance of the victim's report and asked the Centre and state governments to respond. HC demanded to know why there is delay in facilitating his return to Canada. A software consultant, Mandlaus survived the HC blast of September 7, last year but was left with 822 pieces of shrapnel in his body. He had shifted to Canada three years ago and after the attack, was barred from going back without a certificate from doctors explaining the presence of metal in his body.HC also asked AIIMS to create a medical board to examine the victims who are not satisfied with the compensation given to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12002974", "title": "Business man invests Rs 20L in firm', duped", "text": "MUMBAI: Two persons reportedly duped a Kurla garment dealer of Rs 20 lakh by promising him 10% returns on his investment in a pharmaceutical company.The duo-whose names were withheld by the police as it might hamper their arresthad met Zuber Ansari through his colleagues and convinced him to invest in their company , Prime On. Ansari paid Rs 5 lakh initially. \"The accused handed over Rs 50,000 cheque in September 2011. In the next two months, Ansari paid total Rs20 lakh to the accused who assured Rs 2 lakh returns every month. But they fled. A cheating case was registered on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12002899", "title": "64km of Kozhikode roads to be dug up", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Brace for a heavy traffic jams for a long time to come. The multi-crore sewerage project has taken off and authorities are now planning to dig up 64km of city roads to lay the pipeline. Traffic officials are already perturbed over the certainity that traffic in city will go haywire.Under the project, pipelines will be laid from Kallayi in the south of the city to Puthiyangadi and Kundaparamba in the north and Canoli Canal in the west and railway in the east.The period set for the completion of the work is two years. However, according to officials, the project is unlikely to be completed in this period.The roads, including national highways and state roads, which pass through the city, will be dug up. Officials say traffic should be banned completely on the roads and diverted through other roads. The officer said many of the roads will have to be closed for months.The diversion of vehicles is likely to cause recurrent traffic jams in the city as most of the roads are already congested, according to a senior traffic police official. The official expressed apprehension that the issue will be at its worst when the major roads in the city will be closed as traffic will have to be diverted through pocket roads.The work of the sewerage project started recently from Puthiyara. The movement of vehicles through the Puthiyara Road has been diverted through the Sabha Road till the completion of work, which is expected to take months.Officials said the sewerage project is a necessary for the development of the city and the public should follow the direction of traffic police in order to minimize snarls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001633", "title": "Mixed bag of reactions from franchise owners for the new entrant", "text": "Arrival of Starbucks in the Indian market is drawing mixed reactions from owners of coffee outlets and franchise owners of coffee shop chains. While some are confident that the leading coffee brand's coming will not affect their customer base, there are others who are growing jittery over the competition Starbucks will pose. Still others are looking at the competition as a positive element that will help the sector grow across the country.Dharmender, assistant manager of Cafe Coffee Day retail outlet on Pakhowal Road says, \"We have our own loyal customers who have developed a taste for our product. We have a wide range of coffee flavours including cappuccino, espresso, cafe latte, cafe mocha, Irish coffee and iced coffee. We also use top quality Arabica beans that we get from Bangalore. I don't think the entry of Starbucks will make much of a difference to our market that is growing every day.'' CCD has eight retail outlets in the city.However, Parveen Kumar, assistant manager of Barista, acknowledges that Starbucks will bite off the market of other major players. \"It is a world class brand so surely it can eat into the markets of other leading brands in the sector in India. However, we also have a share in the market and serve a wide variety of coffee flavours,'' said Kumar, adding that Barista has four outlets in the city.Manager of Mr Beans in Sarabha Nagar, Mahindra Singh, has a different take. \"They will impact the market, but the effect in north India will be more positive. It will lead to the rise of a craze for coffee in these parts which will ultimately lead to the growth of market in this region,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12002847", "title": "14 alternatives to voter slip", "text": "KANPUR: Voters who did not get their voters slip need not to be disappointed. The election commission has given as many as 14 alternatives to them. But the condition is that their names must be on the voter list.To ensure the highest number of participation in polling, the Election Commission had conducted special programmes for the prospective voters and provided them their voter cards. Since there were some reports that the Voter Identity cards could not be distributed to the voters, the commission had made mandatory the distribution of voter's slip. Even then some citizens could not get their voter slips.Therefore, the Election Commission has issued a list of 14 alternatives to establish the identity of the voter. Voters could use them for their identity and cast their votes. The alternatives are- passport, driving licence, pan card, identity card issued to employees of government or corporation offices, Kisan passbook /Kisan Bahi, property deeds carrying photograph, SC/ST certificate, pension papers, freedom fighter identity card, arms licence, handicap certificate, MNREGA job card, health smart card and voter Identity card issued by the Election Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12002949", "title": "Far off booths have only male officials in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Keeping in mind the long distances that women polling officials have to travel to reach the booths situated in rural areas, the district election office has posted male counterparts at such booths. This arrangement has ensured that the male polling staff would remain deputed at the polling booths.Such polling booths come under Ghatampur and Billhaur assembly constituencies. Also, the rural polling booths coming under Maharajpur assembly segment would also have male polling staff. At the other polling booths falling under the urban assembly constituencies, the polling staff on duty would comprise both male and female officials. A senior district official said that this arrangement has been made to facilitate women so that they do not find it difficult to travel long distances to reach the booths located in the remote areas.Meanwhile, the district election office has instructed the master trainers to remain alert in case any electronic voter machine goes out of order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12000088", "title": "Canteens may prove boon to women SHGs", "text": "Often tried out street food and ended up with an upset tummy? The Chennai Corporation's proposed mini canteens promise to be light on the stomach - and the wallet - while providing employment to hundreds of people.The mini canteens will be distributed across 200 wards. Mayor Saidai Duraisamy said the corporation had initially planned five canteens per zone, but decided to set them up in stages. \"We want to ensure that every citizen gets a healthy meal at an affordable price,\" he said.The city which sees a daily floating population of 10 lakh on its roads lacks enough outlets that provide clean and cheap food, the civic body felt. \"We are mainly looking at students, labourers, autorickshaw drivers and workers belonging to the unorganised sector, who may not have access to home-cooked food,\" said the mayor.The food will be cooked at the corporation's four relief centres at Gopalapuram, Basin Bridge, Chintadripet and Perambur. Now they are functional only during the monsoons when people have to be moved out of low-lying areas. \"The centres have kitchen utensils and gas stoves. Each centre can make food for one lakh people. This means we can serve four lakh people on any given day,\" said Duraisamy. TOI visited two of these designated kitchens soon after the announcement and found the places to be spacious and clean, but without utensils to cook food in such large quantities. They also didn't have facilities to make idli and dosa, the two items the civic body has promised to sell through the canteens. A corporation official, however, said these would be put in place once the government approves the proposal. It would provide employment and business opportunities for hundreds of people, especially women . \"We are looking to employ women's self-help groups to help with cutting vegetables and cooking. Women's self-help groups can also submit applications to be a franchisee to run the canteen,\" the mayor said.While people welcomed the idea, they hoped that hygiene would be ensured. \"If it is cheap, I will definitely have food here. But quality and hygiene should remain good even after a year,\" said K E Rajendran, a carpenter working in Nandanam.The idea appears to have been borrowed from Mumbai, where the civic body set up the Jhunka Bhakar Kendras in 1995 to serve local food at cheap prices. A few years later, however, the stall owners raised the price of the food and started selling soft drinks. Some of them rented out the space to fast food restaurants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11997888", "title": "Publicity stunt, say sceptical netizens", "text": "MUMBAI: As news of Saif Ali Khan's late night brawl trickled in, netizens were quick to react making 'Saif Ali Khan' the hottest trending topic on Twitter India on Wednesday.Most refused to believe the incident was for real and dismissed it as a publicity stunt for Khan's upcoming film with Kareena Kapoor , Agent Vinod.On Twitter, user Parinita (@reachpari) asked, \"Is this Saif Ali Khan's idea of promoting Agent Vinod? Funny how stars get into a controversy exactly at the time of their film's release\". Another Twitter user said, \"Punching a man in the pub. Saif Ali Khan outclassed Aamir Khan in the publicity &amp; marketing of his film. #shabash\".Filmmaker Pritish Nandy was surprisingly the only Bollywood personality who commented on the issue on Twitter, asking: \"Part of Agent Vinod promotion strategy?\"Speaking to TOI, Nandy later said, \"We create so much hullabaloo when it comes to celebrities that it is difficult to judge in real terms. It is as much our fault as the celebrities because he/she cries wolf so many times that it is difficult for one to know if it is real or fake. The point in Saif's case is like anybody else he also got into a brawl with someone. One fights and makes it up by a 'sorry' and life moves on but the problem with a celebrity's life is that it does not move on, it becomes curious news for the media, then a police case and so on. While we are partial to celebrities we are also unfair to them at other times. It is a love-hate relationship we have, we adore and mistrust both at the same time.\"But Bollywood remained silent on the issue and most stars refused comment. Activist Ashok Row Kavi, who was assaulted by Khan in the 90s, said: \"What annoys me is that he raised his hand on a senior citizen. He had done the same to my mother who had to intervene when he confronted me at my residence. I hate it hear when people address him as the chhote nawab. Actors need to show some restraint.\"Speaking to TOI, filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt said, \"With fame comes power and with power comes responsibility. Perhaps it is easy for me and the world to say that Saif could have handled the situation with more tact. But I am told by the family that he was not the one who raised his hand first. It is a case of unprovoked aggression. A celebrity is often discriminated against because of his 'larger than life' persona. When you become a celebrity everything you do becomes suspect on some level.\"However, Netizens were doubtful on news that Saif could be imprisoned for seven years. \"Filmstars get away with murder. Saif serving seven years in prison for a slap is highly unlikely,\" posted Natasha Israni on Facebook. Twitter user Chandni Tolani (@ChandniT) asked, \"What? Saif Ali Khan punched someone in the nose at Wasabi last night? What's up with the Khans and their violent acts?\" Another netizen, Sarah Salvadore (@yelloemerald) posted, \"Salman, Shah Rukh and now Saif. Seems like the Khans are getting punch happy these days\".QuotesPerhaps it is easy for me and the world to say that Saif could have handled the situation with more tact. But I am told by the family that it is a case of unprovoked aggression. A celebrity is often discriminated against because of his 'larger than life' persona.Mahesh Bhatt, filmmakerThe point in Saif's case is like anybody else he also got into a brawl with someone. One fights and makes it up by a 'sorry' and life moves on but the problem with a celebrity's life is that it does not move on, it becomes curious news for the media, then a police case and so onPritish Nandy, filmmaker", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11998535", "title": "Bhanwari Devi case: Hearing on Maderna's bail today", "text": "JODHPUR: Sacked minister Mahipal Maderna , who is in jail in connection with the Bhanwari case, on Wednesday moved an application to the CBI court seeking interim bail.Though the primary ground for the bail is the illness of his father Paras Ram Maderna who was admitted to SMS Hospital ICU on Tuesday, his application has also cited attendance of the forthcoming budget session of the Assembly.In his application, Maderna cited attendance of the session also despite returning the proclamation letter bearing announcement of the budget session delivered to him through CBI last week on Friday. The jail authorities had to return the letter since he had refused to receive it.Maderna had not been able to see his father and veteran Congress leader since December 2, the day he was arrested in connection with the Bhanwari case.Another jailed MLA in the same cae, Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, who received the proclamation letter, has also applied for interim bail solely for the purpose of attending the session.Both their bail applications are listed for hearing on Thursday.In another development, Amri Devi's petition in the high court, protesting attachment of the property as considered to be that of her daughter Indra Bishnoi, took a new turn with her counsel moving the court to make CBI party to the case.Amri Devi had objected the attachment of ancestral property which had Indra's name in the share, claiming that since no division of her property has ever been undertaken, the property as indicated by the CBI as Indra's share is not true. Amri Devi's counsel Sunil Joshi said, \"We will give an application to the CBI to appear before the court to reply to the petition along with the government.\"The court has also sought the details from the CBI as to how many times Indra Bishnoi was summoned for interrogation and how many times she jumped its summons. Indra has also filed two separate petitions protesting the issuance of arrest warrant against her and the order of the attachment of her property by the CBI court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12002795", "title": "Bystanders blame bus driver for accident", "text": "KOCHI: Bystanders and shopkeepers who witnessed the accident when a tanker lorry crashed into a school bus on Wednesday said that the tanker lorry driver cannot be blamed and that the accident happened due to the negligence of the school bus driver.\"There is a small path from the approach road above to reach the path beneath and the driver might have stopped there to help children access that path. The bus has been stopping in this manner for some time and the shopkeepers here had notified this to the school authorities umpteen times. There is a bus stop a little ahead where children can get down without any problems. I hope that at least now the school authorities will act in a responsible manner,\" said Biju, who works at a restaurant near the accident spot. N Gopalakrishnan, a government employee who was drawing money from the ATM nearby when the accident occurred, says that had the bus toppled, a major tragedy would have happened.\"The front wheels of the bus were jutting out of the approach road and it was the back wheels that were caught on the kerbstone on the highway that prevented the bus from toppling. It is a miracle that everyone escaped with just minor injuries. I believe that the school authorities should look into matters which at one glance may seem quite harmless but dangerous if careless,\" Gopalakrishnan said.Meanwhile, police sources said that the Special Branch had recommended to the traffic department a year ago to change the existing bus stop further ahead from the approach road as the area is a potential accident zone. But action in this regard is yet to be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "machilipatnam", "code": "12002204", "title": "Machilipatnam port project lands in trouble", "text": "MACHILIPATNAM: The construction of Machilipatnam port hit a roadblock with chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy refusing to grant the total land of 6,200 acres as sought by the private consortium, Navayuga company, for the new port.Sources said the CM asked the ports and infrastructure department to negotiate with the contractor on the land allocation as the government is prepared to offer only 3,500 acres as against allotment of 6,200 acres as agreed in the MoU.With the issue of Perni Nani threatening to quit getting elevated to the cabinet rank with a government whip post, the CM is in no hurry to resolve the port issue.So far, 1,200 acres of government land has been handed over to the contractor. But, the work has not been taken up as the company was pressing for handing over the entire assured land.Of the total land for the port, 2,000 acres is government land and the remaining stretch of land was to be acquired from private persons. With most of the lands barren or uncultivable, the developer thought that it might not be a big task to acquire it. At one stage, the contractor even agreed to pay the compensation fixed by the government and deduct the same while paying taxes to the government to overcome the fund crunch faced by the government. Upon learning that the developer was prepared to pay the compensation, local leaders and stakeholders jacked up the land prices.Local leaders joined hands with the realtors and encouraged them to stage agitations on behalf of the farmers demanding compensation. While the government was ready to give Rs 2lakh per acre, the realtors started demanding Rs 15-20 lakh per acre. Late chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy laid the foundation stone for the project in 2007 and the agreement was to complete the first phase of the port within 24 months by Maytas.However, the crisis in Maytas and its parent company Satyam crippled the port project work. Later, the Rosaiah government handed over the project to Navayuga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12002188", "title": "SCB eyes more revenue", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Secunderabad Cantonment Board (SCB) will collect property tax from business establishments, workshops and schools operating out of old grant bungalows (OGBs) on a par with commercial properties.As part of its triennial revision/assessment of property tax for 2012, the cantonment officials on Wednesday served assessment notices (declarations) on occupants of 46 OGBs.Also, the property owner/occupant has to submit self-assessment form within 30 days after being served a notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11998327", "title": "Bihar to announce park protection policy soon", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar government would soon announce its new policy for the development and protection of parks, said urban development minister Prem Kumar in the legislative council during pre-lunch session on Wednesday.Replying to a question of Basudeo Singh of the CPM, the minister said that this proposed policy would come into force in the 2012-13 financial year. The government is committed to develop and protect parks located in various parts of the state, he said.The minister said that the Bihar Rajya Pul Nirman Nigam has developed six parks, including those at S K Nagar, S K Puri, Kankerbagh and Rajbansinagar, at an estimated cost of Rs 7 crore. Soon after the new policy comes into force, all such parks in the state would be properly developed, Kumar said.Ruling party member Mahachandra Prasad Singh, while intervening during the minister's reply, said that the park at S K Nagar is closed. This park is yet to be handed over to the PMC for its maintenance. This park is totally in a bad shape, he said.To another question, the minister said that the government has also decided to develop 28 towns in the state. The government is in the process of preparing a detailed project report in this regard, Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12002689", "title": "BHU gearing up for 5-day youth fest 'Spandan'", "text": "VARANASI: The five-day inter faculty youth festival 'Spandan' of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) will be held from February 25 to 29. Giving this information to journalists on Wednesday, Maya Shankar Pandey, convenor of the festival, said that 21 teams from Women's College, Rajiv Gandhi South Campus, and affiliated colleges like Vasant Kanya Mahavidyalaya, DAV College, Arya Mahila PG College, Vasanta College (Rajghat) will participate in the cultural extravaganza.The main events of the fest will be organised at the university's amphitheatre ground where nearly 12,000 people would be accommodated. Many events will also be held at Omkar Nath Thakur Auditorium, arts faculty auditorium, stduents' welfare auditorium, Radha Krishnana Auditorium. According to Pandey, 31 events will be held in five major categories - music, dance, fine arts, literary and dramatics.The festival will begin with a cultural procession near indoor stadium, followed by events like a quiz, a short play, light vocal solo, group song, on-the-spot photography, debates (English and Hindi), on-the-spot painting, collage, creative dance, classical instrumental percussion tabla, non percussion sitar, elocution, poetry, choreography, sketching, rangoli, sketching, mimicry, folk dances, essay writing and many such competitions.Some events would be dedicated to Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya and Padma Vibhushan awardee Bhupen Hazarika. According to Pandey, elocutions, essay writing and poster making competitions, which will be held on February 23, would be dedicated to Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya, while the solo song competition on February 28 at Omkar Nath Thakur Auditorium will be dedicated to noted vocalist Bhupen Hazarika.The chief guest for the festival will be santoor player Padma shree awardee Pandit Bhajan Sopori. The closing ceremony will witness the presence of folk singer Malini Awasthi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11997946", "title": "Six child labourers rescued", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six child labourers were rescued from different hotels and restaurants in Seelampur on Wednesday. The rescue operation was conducted jointly by the district administration, Delhi Police, the labour department and members of an NGO.Five employers were arrested and a fine of Rs 1 lakh was also collected on the basis of a complaint filed by Bachpan Bachao Andolan ( BBA).The children rescued are between the age group of 11-15 years. These kids were trafficked from the villages of Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal, police said. \"I was brought to Delhi around 6 years ago and have been working in hotels since then. My employer used to beat me often,\" said a 13-year-old boy. \"I have not seen my parents for a long time now,\" he said.\"Except for one, all others used to work without any wages for more than 13 hours a day. They used to perform domestic chores such as cleaning, washing dishes, cooking and serving customers. The children were brought to Delhi by local agents on promise of education and job opportunities. Some of them have not been able to contact their parents ever since they left home,\" said R S Chaurasia, chairperson, Bachpan Bachao Andolan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11998612", "title": "Three charred to death, 6 injured as bus catches fire", "text": "JAIPUR: Three labourers were charred to death while six others were injured when the bus they were traveling in caught fire near Rishabhdeo village area in Udaipur.The incident took place late on Tuesday evening when the labourers were going to their village in a private bus.\"One of the deceased was identified as Prakash Meena while two others are yet to be identified,\" said a senior police officer from Rishabhdeo police station on Wednesday.Asked about the cause of the fire, an officer, said, \"Prima facie the labourers were carrying containers of kerosene in the bus. Some of the labourers were also smoking in the vehicle possibly leading to a kerosene container catching fire.\"Soon after the incident a team from the local fire office and police rushed to the spot.\"Three bodies were badly charred while six other labourers, who sustained burn injuries, were rushed to the Udaipur hospital. The condition of three out of six was stated as critical,\" said police.The injured included the bus driver. Police have registered a case against the owner of the bus and were investigating as to why the bus crew allowed kerosene in the bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "saligao", "code": "12003374", "title": "Ten candidates to battle it out in Saligao", "text": "Saligao: By and large, it is Parulekar versus Parulekar in Saligao constituency in an all-Bhandari battle, but the old shadow of Willy refuses to go away as his son-in-law Tulio puts up a spirited fight for a place in the Goa legislative assembly, Saligao observers feel.In all, 10 men are vying for the votes of 23,741 electors in a re-arranged constituency, which after the delimitation saw the villages of Bastora and Ucassaim go into Aldona constituency, the three villages of Parra, Arpora and Nagao go into Calangute constituency and the three villages of Pilerne, Nerul and Reis Magos come into Saligao constituency. Beside Saligao, the other villages in the constituency are Sangolda and Guirim.Approached in the middle of his door-to-door campaigning, sitting MLA Dilip Parulekar was supremely confident. The prevailing anti-Congress feeling and a strong BJP cadre is in his favour, observers feel. He gave a brief response to why people should re-elect him. \"During 25 years of Congress rule, Saligao got nothing. In my first term as Saligao MLA, even though I was in the opposition, I got 76 crore worth development for my constituency. That is the only reason why the people of Saligao should re-elect me. I have some pending works and I know they will re-elect me to complete these. That is all I have to say,\" said Parulekar.His NCP challenger, Suresh Parulekar boasted of his experience as a cabinet minister in the 1990s and claimed credit for setting up the Pilerne industrial estate, for giving 700 jobs without taking a penny, etc. He has released a manifesto where he promises a permanent solution to the garbage menace that involves a high-tech garbage treatment plant after door-to-door collection of garbage \"free of cost\" for his constituency.Tulio D'Souza seemed offended when told that Saligao residents put him among the top three. He firmly believes the battle is between him and the BJP's Parulekar. He said the NCP candidate is \"ancient\" and out of sync with reality. D'Souza also blamed the sitting MLA as a non-performing one who did nothing to solve the garbage dumping problem on the Saligao hill due to which the medicinal water of the Salmona spring is now contaminated. D'Souza promised to address the unemployment problem by generating self-employment, by implementing government schemes for senior citizens and women and by creating an \"efficient grievance redressal mechanism\".Trajano D'Mello was equally combative. He said, \"I am not a candidate who has cropped up like a mushroom only for the election.\" D'Mello claimed that he stepped up his work in Saligao constituency under the banner of \"Lokancho Adhaar\" since the delimitation. Before that, he worked in the constituency since 2002 as he was the Congress candidate. \"As the NCP chief spokesperson, I kept public issues alive. I have vision and administrative capabilities to get things done and the people of the constituency know this,\" said D'Mello.D'Mello's biggest achievement, according to him, is that under the Lokancho Adhaar, he forced the government to make changes in the residence and income certificates. \"Earlier, the validity of residence certificates was only six months. We agitated and the government made them valid for three years. Also, earlier every certificate was for a specific purpose. I fought and forced the government to make them valid for multiple purposes. This benefited the entire Goa,\" said D'Mello.In the last assembly election of 2007, BJP's Dilip Parulekar emerged a giant-killer, defeating the then 80-year-old Wilfred de Souza of the NCP by getting 6,639 votes (43%). In 2002 and 1999, de Souza was the winner. In 2002, he polled 4,263 votes (28.69%) as the NCP candidate and in 1999, he polled 5,006 votes (35.94%) under his own Goa Rajiv Congress party.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "12002848", "title": "Kutiyattam all set to reach out to masses", "text": "THRISSUR: Kutiyattam, arguably the oldest continually-performed theatre art form in the world, is all set to reach out to the masses. Aiming to give this temple art form wider exposure, the Kutiyattam Kendra, Thiruvananthapuram has launched a series of Kutiyattam performances across the state.\"After Unesco declared Kutiyattam as 'masterpieces of oral and intangible heritage of humanity' in 2001, this temple art form has gained tremendous international recognition. Many scholars and students from aboard, particularly Germany, have been coming here to do research in Kutiyattam. However, this traditionally rich art form is on its death bed here, as there is no audience or a next generation of performers.\"Kutiyattam performances have been planned across the state with the idea of reviving this art form. It could help attract more audience as well as performers,\" said K K Gopalakrishnan, director, Kutiyattam Kendra.It is organizing 19 programmes in February-March. There were seven performances in January.\"This is a round-the-year plan. We are not just organizing Kutiyattam performances, but also disseminating the art through lecture-demonstrations, performances, cultural exchanges, tours, etc with the help of experts. Most of the venues are schools, colleges, university campuses and small villages. This is to ensure that youngsters get a chance to experience the art. We explain the meaning of the shlokas and mudras in minute details for about two hours before performing Kutiyattam in order to help audience really enjoy the show,\" said Gopalakrishnan. The centre has also introduced Gurudakshina, a pension programme for Kutiyattam artistes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11999304", "title": "Give report in stray dogs case: HC", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has sought a status report from the authorities on a PIL seeking compensation for seven students bitten by stray dogs, inside a government school campus.In the PIL, Anandharaj, an activist of Evidence NGO, sought a direction to the district authorities to construct a compound wall in Alanganallur Girls Higher secondary School and consequently to direct them to pay compensation to the girl students, who had taken treatment at the primary health centre for the dog bite.According to the petitioner, on 23 January, when the school assembly session was on, the stray dogs, which had entered the school and were the fighting with each other. Seeing this, the scared students ran helter-skelter. In the melee, the dogs charged on the girls and bit them. The students sustained injuries and were taken to the primary health centre for treatment.The petitioner said the government school is situated around five acres of area. As the school is not covered completely by a compound wall, stray dogs roam around in the said school, freely. Plastic wastes and garbage are being dumped near the school and people who are living in the adjacent area use the school as a thoroughfare even during school hours distracting the students.When the matter came up for hearing before Justice Chitra Venkataraman and Justice R Karuppiah, the government advocate, who appeared on behalf of the Madurai district collector was directed to file a status report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002635", "title": "Ambuli sequel on cards", "text": "KTVR Loganathan, the producer of Ambuli, has said that a sequel to the film is on cards. Ambuli has been well-received and the response has paved way for a sequel.Directors Hareesh Narayan and Hari Shankar said that they are working on the script.Given the huge response, the directors are planning to rope in a leading actor for the sequel. Discussions are on with a couple of stars and once everything is signed and sealed, an official announcement will be made.The sequel will be set with the city as a backdrop, said the directors. It may be mentioned here that Ambuli was set in a village and the directors want the demarcation to be distinct.Source: Cinefundas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11998531", "title": "5 Independents confirm support for Shiv Sena", "text": "MUMBAI: The saffron alliance, that will enjoy power in the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) for the next five years, is likely to cross the majority mark of 114 within the next few days. Party members said at least five people have confirmed their support to the party.The Sena-BJP-RPI alliance won 107 seats (Sena 75, BJP 31 and RPI one) out of the total 227. To form an absolute majority, the alliance needs the support of seven corporators. Senior party members said that they can get support from at least four more than required.\"Those likely to join us are Independent candidates Changez Multani, Mohammed Shaikh, Bhavna Mangela, Cyril D'Souza and Makarand Narvekar,\" said a Sena corporator.Sunil Prabhu, leader of the House, said, \"We will touch the mark of 118 seats. We will have no difficulty in garnering support to form a majority.\" Standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale said the party was ready to give important committee positions to the candidates while approaching them. \"If they want a position in the committees, we are ready to compromise. We can make them members of various committees,\" he added.My Dream Colaba's Narvekar said he was in the process of making up his mind. \"I am discussing the plan of action with my platform. Mostly, I will extend issue-based support to them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12002564", "title": "Facilitation centre for students opened on university campus", "text": "PUNE: The long wait for a much-needed facilitation centre for students reaching the University of Pune (UoP) campus for various documents, attestation and other works, is finally over.Officiating vice-chancellor Sanjay Chahande inaugurated the new facilitation centre for students at a refurbished old bunglow, located adjacent to the university's main entrance on the Ganeshkhind Road, on Wednesday.The new facility comes as an extension of the online processes relating to the academic and the exam department activities like issuance of migration certificates, submission of scholarship forms, Ph.D entrance forms, attestation, degree, duplicate marksheets and special certificates, among other things.The centre will serve as a one-stop solution for present as well as past students from the university area of Pune, Ahmednagar and Nashik. The centre has been equipped with brand new computers, an internet cafe facility and an extension counter of the HDFC Bank which will go functional in the next few days.Praful Pawar, an associate professor at UoP's department of management sciences, who has been entrusted with the task of monitoring the work, said, \"Till now, most students reaching the university campus would find themselves going through a time-consuming exercise of running from one department to another to get their work done.\"The university has 50-odd post-graduate departments apart from the main administrative complex and allied facilities spread over a sprawling 411 acre land. Moving around the campus without any vehicle would also make it inconvenient.The centre, which is strategically located at the entrance of the varsity, will now save the trouble of going through the time-consuming exercise.Students can now submit their online applications for certificates or documents relating to migration, degree, transfer and a host of other matters, and download the same with a challan.\"The downloaded application form as well as the challan will carry specific barcodes. Post-downloading of the plea and the challan, the students will have to deposit the prescribed financial charges with the bank and later submit the hardcopy of their application along with the bank receipt at the centre's counter. The concerned student will be given a computer-generated receipt mentioning a specific date when he/she will be issued the certificate/document that is appied for,\" Pawar said.To manage the anticipated rush of students, the authorities have put up a token system in place with wall-mounted LCD display boards indicating the counter numbers where the students have to submit their application hardcopy along with the bank receipt.Documents relating to external students enrolment including transfer certificate, passing certificate, bonafide besides convocation certificates, rank certificates and special certificates, which serve as provisional document, in the absence of a degree, for securing jobs with private firms will be processed at the facilitation centre. The authorities also have plans to bring in more works under the centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12002518", "title": "Property worth Rs 37 lakh gutted at Juna Bazaar", "text": "PUNE: Nine godowns and 14 huts were destroyed in a fire that broke out in the densely populated Juna Bazaar area in Mangalwar Peth in the wee hours of Wednesday. No casualties were reported but the police claim that property worth Rs 37 lakh may have been destroyed.The control room of the fire brigade received a call around 12.50 am on Wednesday. \"Since Juna Bazaar area is densely populated, we alerted all the 10 fire stations in the city,\" said chief fire officer Prashant Ranpise. Accordingly, 10 fire tenders of the Pune fire brigade and one each from Pimpri Chinchwad and Pune cantonment fire brigade rushed to the spot. Besides, eight water tankers were employed. The fire was brought under control by 1.45 am. \"We completely doused the fire by 7 in the morning. It took a lot of time to cool the place, which was done to prevent the fire from spreading to neighbouring areas.\"Ranpise said the fire may have been caused due to short circuit in a waste paper godown owned by one Vimal Popliya. The fire spread rapidly to other godowns and huts following four cylinder blasts. The explosions were so powerful that the tin sheets on godowns were tossed about 15 to 20 feet high in the air. Some sheets fell on the roofs of other huts while one got stuck in the branches of a nearby tree. Babu Koli, a resident of the slums, got minor injuries when a hard object hit him on his forehead.Most of the 14 huts gutted were occupied by garment vendors and their families. The residents lost cash, gold ornaments and other goods in the fire. The nine damaged godowns were packed with scrap material, old refrigerators, coolers, air conditioners and mixers.Station duty officer Vijay Bhilare said the blasts were caused by gas cylinders and compressors used in refrigerators.Local residents said the fire spread rapidly due to large quantity of waste paper in the godown. \"Despite repeated requests made earlier, the owner did not remove waste paper from his godown. This is the third time that a fire broke out at the godown. In earlier instances we had doused the fire ourselves,\" said Sayed Ali Khan, a resident of Juna Bazaar.The Faraskhana police have registered a case.Box------1Local mandal comes to the rescueThe workers of local Panchashil Mitra Mandal saved several lives by alerting residents about the fire. \"We were standing by the road side when we saw flames from the godown. We ran to alert the people,\" said Shrikant Shendge.Shendge said the fire spread rapidly and engulfed many huts located just behind the godowns. \"Most of the people were fast asleep. We woke them up and asked them to run with their family,\" Shendge said.Another worker of the Panchashil Mandal, Ganesh Shitole, said that they took away LPG cylinders to safer places.Manoj Gupta said that he and his friends poured water on huts. \"Many of us received cuts on our hands and legs. None of us could sleep thereafter. In the morning we provided breakfast to those who lost everything in the fire.\"Narrow lanesChief fire officer Prashant Ranpise said the firemen struggled due to narrow lanes in the Juna Bazaar slums. \"We started pouring water on godowns located on the main road, but there was just one narrow lane to reach the huts located behind the godowns. So, we used hose pipes,\" Ranpise said.\"But if hose pipes are taken too far it becomes difficult to maintain the pressure of water. We had face similar problem during earlier fires Juna Bazar. This time though we managed to maintain the pressure and control the fire.\"Ranpise said the fire brigade had asked the Pune Municipal Corporation to control encroachments in the slums and also to create roads inside for the fire tenders to reach the interiors. \"The suggestions were given after the fire in Chamade lane in 1999, but nothing has happened yet,\" Ranpise said.A resident of the Juna Bazar slums, Ganesh Shitole, said there is only one lane behind the godowns. \"There was another exit road near our house, but a house was built on it recently,\" Shitole said.Shitole said that after the fire all the residents gathered in the narrow lane. \"This caused panic in the area and many people suffered injuries,\" Shitole said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12000972", "title": "CCTV footage in hand, cops hot on trail of bank robbers", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police on Wednesday released footage of a man suspected to be part of the gang that robbed a bank in Keelkattalai on Monday and another one in Perungudi on January 23. He was caught by CCTV cameras at one of the banks where he did a recce. Police have declared a reward of Rs 1 lakh to those giving valid information about the robbers.Police commissioner J K Tripathy released photographs and a one-minute video of the suspect at a press conference. The visuals show a lightly bearded man of moderate built, wearing a checked shirt and blue jeans. In an abridged version of the video given to the press, the man is seen throwing glances in all directions and moving around, with his left hand in the jeans pocket and holding a pen in his right hand. Sources said the man is visible in the CCTV grabs for more than 10 minutes. The video has the surroundings masked to protect the identity of the bank and the people around the suspect.\"He had visited a nationalised bank on the city outskirts for a recce before the gang struck the Keelkattalai bank,\" Tripathy said. \"Employees of both the banks which were robbed confirmed having seen him.\" There are more than 1,300 branches of different banks in the city. Of them, 418 are yet to install CCTV cameras. Some of the cameras installed are not working, an investigating officer said.Tripathy said public cooperation is vital in nabbing the robbers. He didn't rule out the involvement of naxalites in the robberies. As of now, police are convinced that the two robberies were carried out by the same gang. An investigating officer said the man seen in the video was identified by one of the bank employees as one of the two men who wielded guns. After the Keelkattalai robbery, police convened a meeting of bankers and asked them to urgently install security gadgets.In the north zone, inspector general C Sylendra Babu said: \"We have asked officers to inspect and ensure that financial institutions have CCTV cameras.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11998904", "title": "List vend spots in 24 hrs: MCG to councillors", "text": "GURGAON: The municipal commissioner has written to the councillors to submit their opinion on the opening of 60 liquor vends in their localities.The Gurgaon office of the MCG had received the communique from the excise department which was then forwarded from the commissioner's office on February 17. However, according to the mayor, he received the letter on late on Tuesday morning while other councillors got it on Wednesday.The letter specifies that any objections to the locations under their respective wards (which are almost the same as those that exist now) should be sent in by Thursday, leaving concillors barely 24 hours to revert.Councillors are calling it impractical and have decided to ask the commissioner for more time.\"If you have any suggestion about shifting/relocating the site to any other place, it may be sent to this office by February 23 before a final decision. Failing this it will be presumed that you have no suggestions and the matter will be finalized...\" reads the letter.\"Twenty-four hours is too short a time to reach out to residents, school administrations and even religious places like temples and churches. The commissioner has extended the deadline for a reply by a day to Friday but that still is insufficient time since most often residents approach us with the problems faced due to the nuisance of having these vends around residential areas. Most of these vends mentioned on the list attached are almost the same as those that exist,\" said Nisha Singh, councillor, Ward 30.As per the latest government policy a liquor vend cannot be within a distance of 150 metres of a school, hospital or a religious place. This was increased from the earlier limits of 75 metres. Councillors feels, many vends might need relocation with several new educational institutions and hospitals in the city.Also, according to the Haryana Municipal Corporation Act (Section 363), any official letter needs to be given at least four working days to revert which extends the date till February 29, added Singh.Residents have in the past raised issues about liquor vends being located in residential sectors and on green belts due to the nuisance value created.\"I will meet the MCG commissioner on Thursday and ask him to extend the deadline by at least four-five days where in we can hold a meeting with RWAs and concillors to discuss the matter,\" said Gurgaon Mayor Vimal Yadav. Sudhir Rajpal could not be reached for comment despite several attempts by TOI.Meanwhile, according to DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora, \"Liquor vends, especially those along state and national highways, should be banned since they encourage drunk driving. It is also a nuisance for traffic since these vends have no arrangements for parking.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11998237", "title": "New surrender policy for Maoists mooted", "text": "PATNA: At a high-level meeting attended by the DGPs of Maoist-affected states and chaired by Union home minister P Chidambaram in New Delhi on Wednesday, the Centre viewed the anti-extremist operation in Bihar as quite satisfactory. Bihar was represented by DGP Abhyanand, principal home secretary Amir Subhani and IG (operations) Kumar Rajesh Chandra at the meeting.Sources said the Naxal issue was discussed threadbare and the working and strategies of different states were reviewed. The assessment of the states' achievements and failures in curbing the Maoist menace, which Prime Minister Manmohan Singh once called the greatest internal threat, was also made, apart from reviewing the utilization of resources provided by the Union home ministry. No demand was made by Bihar at the meeting.A proposal for uniform surrender policy also came under discussion, sources said, which, once finalized, would be applicable to all the affected states. It would include reward and rehabilitation scheme. At present, there are separate surrender policies framed and implemented by various states including Bihar. The proposed policy would involve bigger financial incentives, for which the Centre will also provide funds.The Centre directed the states to take all possible steps to ensure protection of human rights while carrying out anti-Maoist operations. The states were also asked to conduct probe into allegations of abuse of power by security forces while dealing with ultra-left extremists.The Centre has asked the states to complete the centrally-sponsored schemes, including road projects, in Naxal-affected regions, for which funds have been allocated to the states.Even though the Maoist violence continues in Bihar, the officials said that with the arrest of several top-ranking leaders of the outlawed outfits and other development activities, the number of Naxal-related violence has come down and no major violence reported in 2011. The Maoists are mainly targeting school buildings, mobile towers and railway properties.In 2011, the Naxals blew up 13 government schools, two government buildings, five houses, railway tracks at five places and other railway properties, besides burning 22 JCB machines and 19 mobile phone towers, according to official figures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12002084", "title": "Auto driver takes RTA for a ride", "text": "HYDERABAD: A mini-scam came to light at the Regional Transport Authority (RTA), Trimulgherry, after officials discovered that a person fraudulently registered 52 autos in his name using proceedings of an old vehicle.Police suspect the scam may have been executed with the connivance of RTA officials, taking advantage of loopholes in the software.The Hyderabad police said A Raji Reddy, a resident of Subhash Nagar, Trimulgherry, took 'scrap proceedings' against his condemned auto to replace it with a new vehicle. However, with a little help from the RTA officials, he used the same proceedings to get 52 vehicles registered in his name at the RTA, Trimulgherry.\"Once the proceedings are issued against an old vehicle, the owner can buy a new auto rickshaw as its replacement.However in this case, Raji Reddy could use the same proceedings for registering 52 vehicles and the system failed to detect until our officials were verifying records,\" regional transport officer (RTO), Trimulgherry, J Satyanarayana Rao told TOI. During verification, the RTA officials came to know that Raji Reddy has been executing the fraud from August 2010 and still all vehicles were in his possession. As the government recently granted permission for issuing new permits, Raji Reddy reportedly applied for permits to these 52 vehicles, which have been plying illegally in the city.\"While issuing the permanent registration to autos, the software was found to be not verifying whether a similar proceedings was used earlier,\" the officials added.The RTA, Trimulgherry immediately informed senior transport department officials about the fraud and a quick search was conducted to check whether a similar modus operandi was executed by anyone at other RTA centres in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11991077", "title": "I can't make or break jodis: Bipasha Basu", "text": "Bipasha Basu speaks about her upcoming film 'Jodi Breakers' and her fresh chemistry with Madhavan.She plays the lead role and also has a song named after her in the film. In an exclusive conversation with Gaurav Malani , Bipasha Basu speaks about her upcoming film Jodi Breakers and her fresh chemistry with Madhavan.First things first - is 'Jodi Breakers' inspired from 'Heartbreakers'? Heartbreakers is my favourite film. And now having worked in Jodi Breakers , it's my favourite film too. And I can assure you that the two films have nothing in common.Most romantic comedies don't have much of story beyond the boys-meets-girl plot. Jodi Breakers is not a boy-meets-girl story. These two people are lawyers by profession and know each other. There is no romantic inclination to start with. But of course subsequently it takes the shape of a love story. You see, finally there are only ten basic emotions and we have chosen love.Bollywood is known for making jodis. Where do Jodi 'Breakers' fit in such a scene? I guess the idea was to not be regular but a little different from others. It's a new concept. You could say Jodi Breakers (played by Madhavan and me) are one step ahead of a divorce lawyer. They are approached by one of these spouses who want to separate and seek the services of these breakup experts.So are they negative characters? They are actually positive characters simply because they break jodis of only unhappy couples. My character simply believes in the fact that if there is no love between two people, there should be no marriage. After divorce they always have this new opportunity of finding a better partner in life.Do you see a Jodi Breakers agency actually coming into existence in near future? I am sure after the film releases many would take jodi-breakers as a profession - maybe not legally but undercover (laughs).Have you ever played a jodi breaker or wanted to play one in real life? I am too self-involved and do not believe in making or breaking jodis in real life. I believe both are more of an individual decision and shouldn't be influenced by other people.Madhavan and you bring fresh chemistry on screen The chemistry works not because we are paired for the first time but more because Maddy and I think alike. It's fascinating how we hit it off from scene one. I strongly believe there should be individual affection and liking between actors for the chemistry to show on screen.How is it getting back to your blockbuster legacy of Raaz? You won't believe but I have actually had no proper sleep since I started shooting on Raaz 3 . I just need one good day of sleep and I should be fine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12002836", "title": "Growth in higher education sector erratic, say experts", "text": "KOCHI: The last couple of decades had seen an unchecked and erratic growth in the private higher education sector in India. And this trend is unlikely to change in the near future, said Jandhyala B G Tilak, professor, National University of Educational Planning &amp; Administration.\"What is clear from the approach paper of the 12th Plan is not the un-likeliness, as much as the unwillingness on the part of the government to alter these trends even modestly,\" he said. Jandhyala B G Tilak was delivering the keynote address at a seminar on recent changes in higher education policies organized by the Kochi-based centre for socio-economic and environmental studies, here on Wednesday. He said privatization seemed to be the only mantra for development of education in the 12th Plan. \"The approach paper spells not what the government wants to do to improve the public education system, but more on what it intends to do to facilitate the private sector to grow further.In his inaugural address, Kerala Higher Education Council vice-chairman T P Sreenivasan said that changes introduced by the previous government would not be set aside. Any fault in the credit semester system, scholarship scheme, cluster schemes, etc would be corrected, he said. On governance issues in higher education, Kannur varsity vice-chancellor P K Michael Tharakan said that governance of higher educational institutions should be reorganized on the basis of participation, autonomy and decentralization. \"The increasing tendency to be divided on the basis of partisan politics, community-based feelings and such other tendencies do not inspire confidence,\" he said.K K Jose, principal, St Thomas College, Pala said no serious efforts had been taken by the governments in Kerala to modernize the higher education sector though there were 10 universities and over 600 colleges in the state. P C Vishunath, MLA said India should have more universities and educational institutions to produce the required human resources to meet the global demand. China has set up more than 1,250 new universities including specialized varsities, he said.CREST director D D Nampoothiri and Mananthavady Government College principal K C Mathew also spoke. M A Oommen, emeritus professor, Institute of Social Sciences, was the moderator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "12001010", "title": "BJD fears poaching in Sambalpur", "text": "SAMBALPUR: After a thumping victory in Sambalpur zilla parisad, the BJD is apprehensive of the Congress creating disturbances in the election of chairman scheduled to be held on March 13. The BJD leaders have reportedly kept all the 10 winning candidate in secret places outside the district.On the other hand, several panchayat samiti members in the district reportedly 'disappeared' as soon as they were declared winners. Sources said though officially there was no party affiliation in the panchayat samiti elections, each and every member was backed by certain political parties.\"Though party affiliation was not required for the samiti members, every one had political backing in the recent polling. Now after the election, the winning candidate has to follow the instruction of the party that was backing him or her,\" a source said.When contacted, BJD district president Rohit Pujari denied that his party was hiding its winning candidates at secret places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "12002038", "title": "Women\u2019s group shares farm labour load", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Women farmers Yeraganalu village in Honnali taluk have solved the labour problem through an ingenious barter system. Twenty women formed the Sri Varamahalaxmi Group and registered it too. They get agriculture work done by deputing two labourers from every member's house and ensure it's done without delay. Every woman gets a payment of Rs 200 per day, said joint director of agriculture RG Gollar. After introducing this system, Ambika Lingamurthy has grown 17.5 quintals of groundnut per acre and Kumuda Nagarajappa could grow 31 quintals of groundnut in her 1.3 acres. Geetha Siddeshappa earned Rs 60,000 by growing tomatoes in her 30 guntas of land, and Jayamma Sureshappa too earned Rs 1.25 lakh growing tomatoes in her 1 acre of land. Nagaratna Chandrappa earned Rs 1.2 lakh growing sugandaraja flowers in her 18 guntas.Siddamma Malleshappa has grown tur dal and green dal through this barter system under comprehensive cropping along with crop diversity patterns. Other six members of the society have successfully grown fodder (Azolla) on their land for cattle and got a good milk production from their cows after feeding them this fodder.So far, the group has received Rs 10,000 as financial assistance from the agriculture department. They have plans to establish a food processing unit and plan to provide agriculture implements for the farming community for ploughing and harvesting purposes on a low-rent basis. All women receive complete cooperation from their spouses, said R T Karalingappa, agriculture assistant. Although this barter system was adopted by some groups in Udupi district but it was for small land holdings, limited to 0.5 acre. It was quite successful in Yeraganal even though land holdings range between 3 acres to 5 acres per member, said motivator Yaraganal Manjappa. Farmers of neighbouring villages, including Belagutti, Govina Kovi, Malligenahalli and Rameshwara, which fall under rainfed cropping system also plan to implement this system in their villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12002602", "title": "DNA fingerprinting labopened at ZSI Pune", "text": "PUNE: Identification of animal species confiscated in action against illegal trade will be easier now thanks to the Rs 44-lakh DNA fingerprinting laboratory set up at the western regional centre of the Zoological Survey of India here recently.Funded by the ministry of environment and forests, the laboratory will also assist research for classifying and documenting animals.DNA fingerprinting laboratories were also set up in Hyderabad, Dehradun and Kolkata recently. The Pune laboratory was inaugurated by K Venkataraman, director, ZSI Kolkata.R M Sharma, scientist and officer in charge of ZSI Pune, told TOI that the laboratory will be helpful in taxonomic (classification of organisms) work of various animal groups, particularly where animals look similar in form and shape but may belong to different species. It will also be useful in resolving complex cases of species identification.\"The ZSI Pune receives confiscated wildlife species from the forest and the police departments. The ZSI's letter, identifying the species, is considered authentic by the court,'' Sharma said.According to Sharma, the work carried out by taxonomists is crucial for the understanding of biodiversity and conservation. \"This laboratory will help integrate traditional taxonomic methods with modern ones. This additional facility for identification will help in molecular studies. ZSI experts from various groups of animal taxonomy are engaged in exploring, naming, describing, classifying and documenting animals from all over India.''PS Bhatnagar, scientist, ZSI Pune, said: \"In case an animal horn brought to us for identification, we have to identify which animal it belongs to. So far, wildlife species were identified by microscopic observation and morphological (form or shape) identification in ZSI Pune. But it had its limitations. The DNA fingerprinting laboratory will help us crack difficult cases in identification.\"The new laboratory has the real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and gel documentation devise, along with several supporting instruments, including deep freezer. The total cost of setting up the laboratory was Rs 44 lakh.Both polymerase chain reaction and DNA fingerprinting have been identified as most sensitive and reliable means available for identification of animals and plants. This enables one to even distinguish individuals in highly inbred stocks.Explaining the utility of the equipment, Bhatnagar said that the PCR can amplify a small amount of template DNA into large quantities in a few hours. It allows a scientist to actually view the increase in the amount of DNA as it is amplified. Thus, amplification and simultaneous quantification of target DNA molecule is made possible.The gel documentation system is used for imaging and documentation of nucleic acid. The separated bands on the gel are photographed by a camera attached to a computer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998438", "title": "PM-Mamata talks thawing tension between allies?", "text": "NEW DELHI: After months of prolonged confrontation between them over a host of issues, tension between Congress and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee appeared to be de-escalating after her meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday.The meeting was the first serious engagement between the increasingly estranged allies and marked a thaw in the sliding ties which has left Congress leadership nervy ahead of the crucial budget session.The Trinamool boss raised a number of issues, and although the 15-minute meeting could not, perhaps predictably, bridge the divide on all contentious issues such as the powers of the National Counter-Terrorism Centre, coalition sources seemed happy that the partners were talking after a spell of angry recriminations.Banerjee raised several issues like NCTC interfering with states' federal powers, to the extra water from Farrakka barrage flowing into Bangladesh with the PM.Banerjee had sought the meeting on February 11, when she was visiting the Darjeeling hills and found that people were waiting for the GTA to be implemented.The meeting was held against the backdrop of Congress's anxiety to mollify Banerjee. With the Bengal chief minister raising her ante on a host of issues and with the government not sure of its numbers, Congress leadership was forced to reach out to her. The placatory stance was conveyed by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee who recently showered praise on the Trinamool boss.Apart from objecting on the NCTC proposal and denying that the Teesta water sharing accord with Bangladesh came up for discussion, Banerjee told reporters that she had raised the \"worrisome\" issue of the Farrakka barrage gates breaking down and extra water flowing into Bangladesh.\"From June, there has been leakage and instead of 33% water, 88% water has flown into Bangladesh, which means we have serious problems at hand. West Bengal will suffer in terms of electricity generation as well as drinking water supply,\" she said.The Bhagirathi and Haldi rivers had gone dry because of the extra water flowing out, Banerjee told the PM and also pointed out that Kolkata port was drying up because of the extra water being lost. Having apprised the PM on the grave situation arising out of it, the CM said she has requested Singh to enquire into the matter. This issue could cause fresh trouble for the Centre in terms of India-Bangladesh bilateral relations, which has already been hurt by the Teesta water treaty not taking off.Banerjee also complained to the PM about the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA), which has been worked out for the Darjeeling hills. \"It has not yet been sent to the President for her signature by the home ministry,\" she told reporters. The GTA cannot be implemented without the Centre and the President finalizing it. \"We have done our part, but the Centre is unnecessarily delaying it. Without it, elections cannot be held in the hill areas,\" Banerjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998373", "title": "Coffers brim over after circle rate hike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government's drastic increase in the city's circle rates has started paying back, quite literally. Going by government figures there has been a record 62.64% increase in stamp and registration fees in the last 10 months leading to a total increase in the city's revenue collection for the current financial year.In February 2011, the government had increased circle rates -- the minimum valuation of land and immovable properties -- in the city by up to 100% which were further enhanced by up to 250% in November. The move, considered a step towards curtailing the flow of black money into the sector, seems to have also improved the health of the state exchequer.\"Our targetted earnings from stamps and registration fees in the current year was Rs 2,300 crore but we have already collected Rs 1,851.15 crore in the first ten months, showing a growth of 62.64% in comparison to last year,\" said chief minister Sheila Dikshit , who also holds additional charge of the Delhi finance ministry.Besides this, government data on tax collection claims an increase of 20.80% in the total tax collection even before the end of this fiscal year as compared to the corresponding period in 2010-11. Figures released by the government do not include data for February and March 2012.\"Delhi is all-set to achieve a tax collection target of Rs.20,246 crore as mentioned in the current year's budget. About 80.35% of the tax collection target has been achieved up to January 2012. This impressive revenue collection reflects a sound financial position as well as an efficient tax administration system,\" said Dikshit.A few other sectors also showed a significant increase -- 52.07% in taxes on vehicles, 43.67% in entertainment tax, 21.71% in state excise and 14.05% in VAT collection in comparison to the previous year.Government data further showed that the total tax receipts during April 2011 to January 2012 has been Rs 16,268.06 crore compared to Rs 13,467.24 crore collected during the corresponding period in 2010-11.Also, Delhi bagging the first position in per capita expenditure sectors such as excise and entertainment also contributed heavily to the exchequer. Dikshit, however, stated that VAT was a major source of tax revenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002114", "title": "Kinshuk Mahajan, a devout husband in real life", "text": "Kinshuk Mahajan who is playing main lead in Raakesh Paswan's Afsar Bitiya on Zee is one devout husband.His wife Divya has shifted to Mumbai and is making no stone unturned to make her feel comfortable.Kinshuk had made her join the same gym that he goes to in Malad and even enrolled for group activities. Kinshuk confirms, \"I am happy that I am married and settled. It's a fantastic feeling. I married my sweetheart of more than eight years and Mumbai is new city for her so I have to ensure she is comfortable and adjusted to the new environment\".Well Kinshuk, maan gaye, pati ho toh aisa . With him enjoying marital bliss and a new show going on air what more could Kinshuk ask for?Kinshuk's very excited about his new show, where he is playing a bihari for the first time and his accent will be different unlike his previous roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12000801", "title": "Czech tourism hardsells its charms", "text": "BANGALORE: Think Central Europe the next time you decide to go on a holiday. For it has on offer picturesque Prague, architecturally rich Budapest, historical Poland and castle-pretty Slovakia. On Wednesday, a delegation of officials from the Czech Tourism department was in Bangalore on a roadshow to showcase these lesser-known Central European countries.Hinting at the possibility of tie-ups with local players, Czech tourism officials said they are exploring the possibility of attracting more people to Central Europe. \"The first name that comes to mind in Europe is Switzerland in Western Europe for most people, but there are unexplored places in Central Europe which of high tourist interest too,\" said Radka Neumannova, director, Czech Tourist Authority, Czech Tourism.\"We are here to explore business possibilities and to interact with local travel providers. We would also be looking at increasing the tourist count from India,\" said Radka. The Czech Republic gets about 80,000 Indian tourists each year, a very insignificant number in its total tourist count.The Czech Republic is home to many Unesco heritage sites as well as beer and spa tourism. Also worth a look are Bohemia Crystals found typically in Prague which also has a wide range of entertainment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "11999368", "title": "Residents join hands to make Salem a better place", "text": "SALEM: A few doctors, educationists, businessmen, government employees, teachers and students in Salem joined hands two years ago to save a dying lake at Mookaneri in the heart of the city to prevent the depletion of ground water. The rebirth of Mookaneri Lake with the help of over 1000 volunteers and its evolution into a water body that attracts a variety of birds has resulted in the formation of the Salem Citizens Forum.Members of the Forum are motivated to make Salem a better place. \"Although, initially we came together to save a lake, it has evolved into a civil society movement with clear cut plans and perspectives. We help in resolving problems that residents face,\" says Bobby Kunhu, one of the founder members of the forum.The Forum meets every Sunday at Mookaneri to discuss major civic, social and cultural issues concerning the city. It was involved in fighting land sharks to save three more lakes in the city, Guntakal Lake on NH 7, Ismail Khan Lake in Alagapuram and Ammapet Lake. Thanks to their efforts, the ground water level remains undisturbed. The lakes also help conserve rain water in this arid region.\"We have intervened in several cases where the land mafia attempted to take advantage of land owned by the less fortunate. We exposed a few local politicians involved in land grab scams, even before the AIADMK government initiated its anti land-grab drive,\" said Piyush Manish, another member of the Forum.The Forum has worked in mobilizing support to fight against environmental degradation and criminal activities of multinational mining companies in Mettur and Kanja Malai. They have helped resolve traffic issues and curbed indiscriminate felling of trees. It created quite a flurry with its latest report on the performance of the current District Collector. It also supports groups like INTACH in preserving heritage monuments in and around Salem.\"The Forum organizes debates and cultural programmes besides assisting in resolving day to day problems,\" says Lakshmi Priya, another activist of the forum.Considering the success of the Forum, the state has handed over the preservation of water bodies to the Forum. Many of its members have received threats from vested interests. \"One of the active members of the group was slapped with a sedition case and spent close to 40 days in jail for carrying pamphlets depicting violence against Adivasis in Chhattisgarh. The case still drags on and is used to threaten forum members,'' sys Bobby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12002696", "title": "Man dies, 3 kids injured in mishap", "text": "VARANASI: A 35-year-old man died and three kids sustained injuries when a tractor-trolley hit them in Jamalpur village under Sidhari police station limits in Azamgarh district on Wednesday. According to reports, Ram Naresh Yadav was going to drop three kids Kaushal, Rajan and Tripti to their school on his motorcycle when a tractor trolley hit them. Yadav succumbed to his injuries on the way to hospital while the children, who also sustained injuries, were under treatment at the hospital.Man succumbs to burns: One Mohammed Arif (55), a resident of Chhichhori village under Bilariaganj police station limits in Azamgarh district, sustained severe burns in mysterious circumstances on Wednesday. He was admitted to the district hospital where he succumbed to burns during treatment. The police were investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12002946", "title": "Two small parties join hands to form alliance", "text": "MARGAO: In an attempt to consolidate their voter base, two parties-the Socialist Party (India) and the Goemcarancho Otrec Asro ( GOA) -have formed an alliance and have announced their intentions 'to work together for the welfare and needs of the people in Goa and for a transparent and corruption-free government'.\"We had been holding talks during this entire week and with positive assurances, there was a unanimous decision to form the alliance\" said SD(I)secretary Damodar Prabhudessai in a statement issued on Wednesday. He further added that the SD(I) is throwing its weight behind the campaign of Fatorda candidate Jawahar L Dias, who is the president of GOA.The joint manifesto of both parties include promises such as creating and giving minimum 2,000 government jobs, pension for tiatrists, natak artistes, toddy tappers, labourers , artisans, musicians, sportspersons, private entrepreneurs and such others.The parties also wish to introduce, improve and give efficient transport facilities, set up small scale and cottage industries, and push for status quo for Goa and canceling the regional plan whilst making a new plan with the people's consent amongst others promised initiatives.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11998222", "title": "Magadh University takes steps for fiscal discipline", "text": "PATNA: Magadh University (MU) has taken several steps to restore financial discipline in the university. Reckless expenditure and inflated bills have been completely curbed. During the past few months, the university saved a substantial amount by introducing strict financial discipline, said MU acting VC Arun Kumar.According to Kumar, a preliminary inquiry revealed that the university had enhanced the rate of answer- book printing to Rs 23 per answer book. The university has now brought it down to Rs 5.50 per answer book, saving a tidy sum, he said. The VC said that he also detected expenditure of about Rs 1.20 crore annually for payment of fake travelling and other allowances. In fact, there was a 10 to 12% rise in overall expenditure on unnecessary items, which was immediately checked, he said.The university allows construction of new buildings either at the university or its constituent colleges under the direct supervision of an executive engineer-rank officer of the state government. He has now set up a technical committee to look after quality control at the construction sites, he said and added that it would enhance credibility of the university.In a major policy decision, the university would now send answer books out of the state for evaluation for all technical examinations, including engineering and MBBS examinations. Besides, the university which has restored the academic calendar, would now hold its degree-level examinations in time from April this year. A review committee would look into affiliation given earlier to several institutions for starting BEd teaching, Kumar said and added that the pro VC was personally supervising the inquiry.The university would build a state-of-art auditorium at a cost of Rs 4 crore on the sprawling university campus at Bodh Gaya. Its foundation stone would be laid on February 24. The university has decided to utilize the services of those non-teaching employees who had been earlier declared surplus against the sanctioned posts, so that they could get their salaries on a regular basis, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11999381", "title": "Shops down shutters in support of HM strike on power cuts", "text": "COIMBATORE: Hundreds of shops remained closed in the city on Wednesday in response to one-day strike called by Hindu Munnani to protest against the increasing power cuts in Coimbatore. The party also demanded to commission Kudankulam nuclear power plant to facilitate uninterrupted power supply in the city.In support of the protest, shops in Sivananda Colony, Rathinapuri, Vysial Street, RS Puram, Mettupalayam Road, Selvapuram, Big Bazaar, Thudiyalur, Vellaikinaru, Narasimanaickenpalayam, Periyanaickenpalayam, Chinnathadagam, Kanuvai and Pannimadai also downed their shutters. To make the strike a complete success, Hindu Munnani district secretary Uruvai Balan went to several areas and requested to close the shops.In some of the areas of Cross Cut Road, Selvapuram, Gandhi Park, Sukrawarpet, Awarapalayam and Sowripalayam, Hindu Munnani activists pelted stones on bakery shop that were kept opened.Protesters came close and pelted stones at the shop without warning, said a worker at the Sullivan Street near Gandhi Park. The police have picked up 11 members of the religious outfit for questioning. Security was increased in several other areas.At Mettupalayam, Makkal Peravai Seva Thalam organised a one-day fast demanding that Kudankulam nuclear power plant be opened to mitigate the power problems.In Tirupur, 70% of commercial shops and factories remained closed in support of the strike. The strike was supported by Southern India Engineering Manufacturers Association, Tirupur Power Table, Tirupur Dyeing Units Association, Bharatiya Mazdur Sangam and 53 organisation in the district. At least 5,000 factories and 4,000 shops remained closed. The strike is believed to have cost an approximate loss of Rs 100 crore to the government and Rs 500 crore of production loss. No incidents of violence were reported and the strike remained peaceful in Tirupur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11999651", "title": "Plan for Doppler radar at airport faces headwind", "text": "CHENNAI: The India Meteorological Department's plan to install a Doppler radar exclusively for aviation purposes near the Chennai airport is being delayed by bureaucratic red tape, officials say. The radar is to help the aerodrome meteorological office monitor low-level windshear and other weather patterns and issue a comprehensive weather report to airlines.It was proposed to be installed on the slopes of the Tirusulam hills to monitor the wind pattern along the glide path of aircraft coming in to land. While the government has expressed interest in the project, the lower-level bureaucracy is allegedly dragging its feet to allot 1,500 sq m of land. And, tired of the delays, the met department has concluded that the project will not take off.Initially, there was confusion on who owned the land on the slopes of the hills - the state or the defence authorities. For some time, the Kancheepuram district administration maintained it was defence land. After it was proved to be state government land, meteorological department officials held discussions with Tambaram taluk office officials. The jurisdiction of the land was transferred to the newly formed Alandur taluk office when revenue boundaries were redrawn before the assembly elections in May 2011.Then, aerodrome meteorological office director R Suresh says, staff at the Tambaram taluk took their time in transferring files and documents to the Alandur taluk office, while those in the new office are yet to proceed on the proposal.Suresh is, however, optimistic. \"We will pursue the issue with the government. The radar will be useful for aviation because low-level windshear is high at the airport. Several studies have been done about wind pattern using the existing radar atop the Port Trust building. We'll be able to study the weather pattern better if the new radar is installed near the airport,\" he said.Data from a Doppler radar atop the Chennai Port Trust office building is currently being used by the airport. The new radar was supposed to replace the existing 10-year-old Doppler radar. Weather radar with a range of 150 km can be used for 17-18 years. The city will need a new radar in the next five years.Windshear is a generic term referring to rapidly changing wind currents. A weather phenomenon called \"microbursts\" can produce extremely strong windshear, posing great danger to aircraft during takeoff and landing. Because of lack of information on wind pattern, pilots may be forced to make speed corrections during landing, resulting in sudden loss of airspeed and altitude.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12002798", "title": "Kochi traders shut shop, make life difficult", "text": "KOCHI: Giving a tough time to citizens, traders including hoteliers, shop owners and even vegetable vendors downed their shutters on Wednesday protesting against the Centre's move to bring in foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail. The Kerala Vyapari Vyavasayi Ekopana Samathi (KVVES) had called for the strike to protest against the move to allow 51% FDI in multi-brand retail and 6% in single brand retail.EVVES stated that FDI would lead to closure of traders and small scale retailers in the country, and also large scale unemployment. The traders staged state-wide protest and dharnas in front of income tax offices in all districts. In Ernakulam, a dharna was held in front of the Reserve Bank office. The traders also took part in a protest march to Parliament against the government's move.The All Kerala Distributors Association (AKDA) which extended support to the organization stated that the strike was near total. \"About 90% of the shops remained closed in the city,\" said AKDA general secretary Aby Abraham.The Kerala Merchants Union (KMU) also joined the strike. Though Vyapari Vyavasai Samathi stated that they shared the sentiments of KVVES, they did not participate in the strike, said E B Biju, state secretary.However, all medical shops remained open. Antony Tharian, representative, All Kerala Chemists and Druggists Association said, \"Though we support the cause of KVVES, we decided to keep the shops open considering the inconvenience that will be caused to the public.\" K N Marzook, chairman, Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry said the chamber was against the concept of closing down shops as a sign of protest. The All Kerala Federation of Petroleum Traders informed that petrol bunks functioned as usual. \"The regular process of sales and purchase took place on Wednesday,\" said K Rajiev, former president of the organization.Giving a tough time to citizens, traders including hoteliers, shop owners and even vegetable vendors downed their shutters on Wednesday protesting against the Centre's move to bring in foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail. The Kerala Vyapari Vyavasayi Ekopana Samathi (KVVES) had called for the strike to protest against the move to allow 51% FDI in multi-brand retail and 6 % in single brand retail.EVVES stated that foreign investment would lead to closure of traders and small scale retailers in the country. It would also lead to large scale unemployment. The traders staged state-wide protest and staged dharanas in front of income tax offices in all districts. In Ernakulam, dharna was held in front of the Reserve bank office. The traders also took part in a protest march to Parliament against the government's move.The All Kerala Distributors Association (AKDA) which extended support to the organization stated that the strike was near total. \"About 90% of the shops remained closed in the city. Apart from the medical shops and few hotels all shops remained closed on the day,\" said AKDA, general secretary, Aby Abraham.The Kerala Merchants Union (KMU) had also joined the strike. The merchants under the union kept their shops shut. Though Vyapari Vyavasai Samathi stated that they shared the sentiments with KVVES, they did not participate in the strike, said E B Biju, state secretary.Meanwhile, the All Kerala chemists and Druggists Association informed the medical shops remained open. Antony Tharian, representative of the organization said, \"Though we support the cause of KVVES, we e decided to keep the shops open considering inconvenience caused to public.\"K N Marzook, chairman, Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry said that the chamber was against the concept of closing down shops as a sign of protest. He said that the members kept their shops open. The All Kerala Federation of Petroleum traders informed that petrol bunks functioned as usual. \"The regular process of sales and purchase took place on Wednesday,\" said K Rajiev, former president of the organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12001031", "title": "Saffron outfit backs state policy on anti-terror body", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) joined the anti-NCTC ( National Counter Terrorism Centre) bandwagon on Wednesday with the saffron outfit's international working president Pravin Togadia describing the central proposal as an \"eyewash\".Laying stress on the participation of people in fighting terrorism, Togadia said VHP would announce its action plan on \"anti-terrorism\" strategy at Godhra, Gujarat, on February 27. \"We will consult different states and civil society organizations to combat terrorism,\" Togadia told media persons here.Togadia took potshots at UPA government for \"completely failing\" to counter terrorism. \"Now the Centre has bypassed states and formed NCTC. It is nothing, but eyewash,\" he said.The VHP leader demanded formulation of stringent anti-terror laws in the country. \"There was no need to scrap Prevention of Terrorism Act (POTA). The government should bring laws stronger than POTA,\" he said.Throwing his support behind the states, which are opposing NCTC, Togadia said the Centre should coordinate and consult with states to effectively thwart terror activities.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik spearheaded the anti-NCTC movement against Centre by first writing to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on February 13. His counterparts in West Bengal , Tamil Nadu and Bihar and several others followed suit.Apparently bowing to pressure from those states, the Prime Minister on Tuesday replied to Naveen after the latter shot off a second letter to him on February 20. The PM wrote that NCTC is part of Intelligence Bureau (IB) and not a separate organization created to infringe on the federal powers of states.Togadia further opposed the 4.5 per cent reservation to Muslims within the Other Backward Classes quota and said VHP would launch nationwide protest against it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "12003277", "title": "'Cong will change face of Canacona'", "text": "CANACONA: Health minister Vishwajit Rane has announced that out of ten councillors of the Canacona Municipal Council, seven have \"openly supported the Canacona Congress candidate Isidore Fernandes. He said that Fernandes \"will win by a thumping majority\".\"Canacona and Poinguinim constituencies have been represented for a long time by the BJP, but have been neglected. If the voters of Canacona taluka bring about a change this time, then definitely we will change the face of this constituency,\" Rane said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12002557", "title": "Rehab proposal remains on paper", "text": "PUNE: A proposal to revamp the Juna Bazaar to decongest the area has been remaining on paper for nearly four years. The plan for a slum rehabilitation scheme here has not materialized and issues pertaining to traffic snarls and safety remain unsolved.In the backdrop of a major fire in the area on Wednesday, corporator Laxman Arade told TOI: \"Nearly four years ago I had approached the Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA) official and demanded revamping of the area. But things have not moved at all.There are frequent instances of fire in the area, especially during summer, but fire tenders are unable to reach the area because of the congestion. The Juna Bazaar slum area has nearly 2,000 huts. It also has 280 shops, in addition to the 1,000 traders who set shop on the road on Wednesdays and Sundays. All this leads to major traffic congestion, besides creating unhygienic conditions, health issues and safety problems, Arade said.\"The proposal sought an SRA scheme for rehabilitation of people in the Railway Bharav slum and the Juna Bazaar. If the scheme is properly planned and executed nearly four acres of land could be freed. At least seven SRA buildings can be constructed in the area. Road side traders and shop owners can be accommodated in the ground floors,\" he said.The proposal was submitted to the City Improvement Committee also, but nothing happened, Arade added.When asked about the status of the proposal, Sanjay Kolte, additional chief executive officer, SRA Pune, said that the proposal was in the preliminary stage.\"We had received a proposal in 2007. It is still at the preliminary stage. There were issues of ownership of land. So, matters have gone into litigation. While some cases are being heard, in some other cases orders have been issued. Work for the SRA scheme will start when all these legal issues are resolved,\" Kolte said.Meanwhile, other procedures were being carried out, Kolte said. The builders have been asked to take 'no objection' certificates from residents and shopkeepers from areas where there are no disputes. As per the proposed scheme, 1,400 huts can be rehabilitated, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11998493", "title": "Coaching takes centrestage in education", "text": "JAIPUR: It was a matter of shame for a student going for tuition almost two decades ago, recalls Neera Mathur, principal of Sawai Man Singh School. Later on, the education system has transformed into a billion dollor 'industry' giving birth to many offshoots.The only offshoot of the system, which is indeed growing faster than the industry itself, is the ubiquitous coaching industry. \"Coaching centres kill the creative power of students. Ideally, they should be allowed to re-think of what has been taught in the classroom. This process is not happening as students seeking tuitions take classes lightly,\" said Mathur, who discourages students from taking coaching unless it is for any competition exams.With the passing time, coaching centres have become a necessity. Parents, as a norm, send their wards to these centres for better scoring. They are a more organized form of part time tutors (individuals who teach at home), argue some parents. Now the latter has become a rarity and majority of them have taken it as a full-time profession.It has seen major shift from teaching at home to luxury centres equipped with smart air-conditioned classrooms, e-books, lectures via video conferencing. Even you may not found such facilities at elite schools. Persistent demand for tuitions, for both school and competitive exams, ensures that such centres flourish like never before.They also charge exorbitant fees that is hiked at regular intervals. Ashish Mehta, a parent from Ajmer Road says, \"Coaching institutes cost a lot. In comparison, the tutor charges reasonably. I used to pay Rs 1,000 per month for my son's hour-long maths and science tuitions. I am wondering how much I have to shell out when he moves to senior classes.\"Bhavna Singh, a mother of two, who spends nearly 3,000 monthly on tuition, feels that tuition centres give personal attention to every child. \"In a school, it is not easy for teachers to give attention to every child as every teacher has to look after 200 students,\" she said, whose view has many takers.To stand apart in the times of cut-throat competition, these centers are using latest technological gadgets to provide students all manner of comforts and amenities. The nuclear family, which is the offshoot of urbanization, has also promoted coaching centres. Most of the parents have accepted the fact that wards cannot be disciplined at home. While few others say that NCERT books are age-old and are nor sufficient to crack any competition exams.Kota is a classic example of how coaching business can give a city's economy a fillip. Institutes housed in palatial buildings offering engineering and medical coaching and charging up to Rs 80,000, highlight the potential of this unregulated industry.\"Coaching industry is not a phenomena restricted to India. Even US and UK have big coaching centres producing and refining leaders. Our teaching methodology is very dynamic and changes with time,\" said Naveen Maheshwari, director, administration, Allen Institute, Kota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "12002732", "title": "Rs 20L property gutted at Bicholim mutt", "text": "Bicholim: In a fire mishap at Vyasashram Mutt in Sashtiwada-Bordem, Bicholim, property estimated to be around 20 lakh was gutted on Wednesday. No casualties have been reported.Bicholim fire brigade station officer Laxman Naik said the incident occurred at about 11am when the fire which was used to heat water suddenly spread around and engulfed five rooms as there was fuel nearby. The people noticed it only when the cylinder burst and the roof got burnt.Around five rooms, furniture, washing machine, cylinder, firewood, gas stove, palanquin, other furniture and utensils were gutted. The fire brigade personnel from Bicholim and Mapusa immediately swung into action and were able to control the fire with the help of the locals. In all, five water tankers were used to bring the fire under control and property of 5 lakh was saved.Fire force ADO Prakash Parab also visited the site and took stock of the situation. In all 20 firemen, including prominent citizens and others, assisted the rescue operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12002457", "title": "Organic farming important for agro-biodiversity: Farmers", "text": "PUNE: Preservation of indigenous crop strains, a strong political will and a people's movement towards organic farming are the need of the hour for agro biodiversity that were discussed at a session at the Vasundhara International Film Festival, on Wednesday.A team of seven farmers from various parts of the country are exhibiting organically produced grains, vegetables and millets at the event, have set examples of sustainable organic farming as a collective effort towards agro biodiversity.Seedbank promotion has taken off successfully in Karnataka, said Bangalore-based Krishna Prasad, who has set up the state's first organic producers' company.\"Karnataka is the first Indian state that brought out an organic farming policy and alsoallocated Rs 250 crore for organic farming. We have an organic village programme, now in its third phase, where it is implemented in every 'taluka' through a network of NGOs,\" said Prasad, who works with a network of 30 farmer groups across the state.\"Entire communities are into seedbank promotion. The Karnataka government also gives Rs 10,000 to groups that set up such seedbanks. We have a network of more than 60 seedsavers, each one conserving more than 20-30 varieties of crops and grains,\" he added.Satish Awate from Pune-based Centre for Environment Education, said, \"We are gradually going the organic way and people are realising the nutritional value of what they eat. Indigenous species of crops that comprise a rich dietary heritage need to be preserved.\"Babulal Dahiya, a farmer from Satna in Madhya Pradesh, said local, indigenous species of crops are gradually dying due to modern trading. \"We have 100 different species of crops. There's a huge demand for these indigenous species, but more efforts need to be put in to promote them,\" he said.Deepika Kundaji, who focuses on conserving rare and endangered vegetable varieties in Auroville, Pondicherry, said, \"We have 90 different varieties of vegetables that are being shared with gardeners and farmers all over India. National seedbanks make no sense because these are ex situ conservation attempts. We want to conserve and share. We are very concerned that the new seed laws will restrict the free sharing of these traditional varieties because we are now coming under the intellectual property regime. There's paranoia surrounding these valuable genetic resources and we are against this regime.\"Sabarmati, who works with a network of farmers in Orissa's Nayagadh district, faces the challenge of promoting the indigenous crop varieties in her area. \"People have to gain back faith that indigenous varieties also do perform well. Sadly, the government provides incentives mostly for hybrid and high-yielding rice varieties. Hardly anyone works on conserving indigenous varieties. Despite this, people are trying hard to conserve these varieties.We directly working with farmers in surrounding areas, and 5,000 farmers from other states and districts follow our methodand visit us every year,\" Sabarmati said.The rising production cost of farming led a group of farmers in 15 villages of Sangamner 'taluka' to resort to the organic way. \"Six years ago we began to acquire private plots for growing produce organically. We've realised this project can be branded and packaged properly for mass consumption,\" said a farmer from Sangamner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12002874", "title": "New fish species found in Manimala River", "text": "MALAPPURAM: A recent survey conducted in Manimala River, which originates from Western Ghats, discovered a new species of barb.The details of the survey, published in the latest issue of Biosystematica, an international journal on animal taxonomy, say the new species was found in the river at Thirumoolapuram near Thiruvalla. It is named, Puntius madhusoodani, after Professor Dr B Madhusoodana Kurup, honoring his contribution to the taxonomy and conservation of freshwater fishes of Kerala. The survey was conducted as part of the River Fish Monitoring Programme(RFMP) of Kerala State Biodiversity Board(KSBB).The research team comprising, K Krishna Kumar of Community Environment Resource Center (CERC), Ashoka Trust for Research in Ecology and the Environment (ATREE), Alappuzha; F G Benno Pereira, of Department of Fisheries and Aquaculture, St Albert's College, Kochi and K V Radhakrishnan of College of Life Sciences, South China Normal University, Guangzhou, China, described the fish as a new species of the genus puntius, based on their detailed morphometric analysis. This species can be distinguished from others in same genus, by the presence of one pair of short maxillary barbels, a smaller snout forming 8.06% in standard length, 25-26 lateral line scales, dorsal fin inserted nearer to tip of snout than to caudal fin base, absence of spot at the dorsal fin base, the branched rays of the dorsal and anal fin tinted with black, says the paper. The colour of the species is dusky black dorsally and silvery-white, ventrally. Fins are dusky to dirty yellow and lower body, belly and chest pale are cream-yellow. A faint dark-brown blotch is visible at the caudal base in all the specimens.The genus puntius comprise more than 140 species of small to medium sized barbs found in stagnant pools to fast flowing streams of tropical Asia. Due to their attractive appearance, many species within this genus are popular as aquarium pets and are extensively traded. Currently, over 60 species of puntius are found in India mainly in the Western and Eastern Ghats, as well as the Eastern Himalayas. The puntius madhusoodani is currently found only in the Manimala River in Kerala.##With picture of Puntius madhusoodaniT P NijishMalappuramA recent survey conducted in Manimala River originating from Western Ghats discovered a new species of barb, named Puntius madhusoodani. The survey was conducted as part of the River Fish Monitoring Programme(RFMP) of Kerala State Biodiversity Board(KSBB).The details of the survey published by the Biosystematica, an international journal on Animal taxonomy, says the new species of the fish was discovered from Thirumoolapuram near Thiruvalla.The research team comprising, K. Krishna Kumar of Community Environment Resource Center (CERC), Ashoka Trust for Research in Ecology and the Environment (ATREE), Alappuzha, F.G. Benno Pereira , of Department of Fisheries and Aquaculture, St Albert's College, Kochi , and K V. Radhakrishnan of College of Life Science, South China Normal University, Guangzhou, China, described the fish as a new species of the genus Puntius, based on their detailed morphometric analysis.This species can be distinguished from others in same genus by, the presence of one pair of short maxillary barbels less than eye diameter , a smaller snout forming 8.06 percentage in standard length , 25-26 lateral line scales, dorsal fin inserted nearer to tip of snout, than to caudal fin base, absence of spot at the dorsal fin base, the branched rays of the dorsal and anal fin tinted with black etc, says the study.According to the research paper, the colour of the species is dusky black dorsally and silvery-white, ventrally. Fins are dusky to dirty yellow and lower body, belly and chest pale are cream-yellow. A faint dark-brown blotch is visible at the caudal base in all the specimens, it says.According to the authors of the study, the species is named after Proffessor Dr B Madhusoodana Kurup, honoring his contribution to the taxonomy and conservation of freshwater fishes of Kerala.The genus Puntius comprise more than 140 species of small to medium sized barbs found in stagnant pools to fast flowing streams of tropical Asia. Due to their attractive appearance, many species within this genus are popular as aquarium pets and are extensively traded. Currently, over 60 species of Puntius are known from India mainly from the Western and Eastern Ghats, as well as the Eastern Himalayas. The Puntius madhusoodani is currently known only from the Manimala River in state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11997961", "title": "Pilot problems may intensify for Kingfisher", "text": "Among all Kingfisher's problems, there is an insidious one the bleeding airline should tackle if it has to survive--keep competitors from ensnaring its pilots. After 50 A320 commanders quit the airline this month, the buzz is that an exodus of ATR pilots is possible in March.\"Three airlines have set baits. No one knows who is going and who is not. But quite a number of pilots have received offer letters; the resignation letters will be given in the last week of March,\" said an airline source. \"Kingfisher has only about 65 ATR commanders and can ill-afford to lose them.\"Last week, 50 A320 commanders quit the airline to join another carrier after they were offered four months' salary in advance as a joining incentive. A Kingfisher spokesperson refused to comment.\"Since a large number of its aircraft is grounded, the airline has enough pilots right now,\" the source said. Out of its fleet of 64 aircraft, Kingfisher has said 28 have airworthiness certificates. But sources said that currently only 16 aircraft--8 ATR and 8 A320s--are operational. \"If the airline manages to get more aircraft off the ground and the poaching tendencies of our competitors continue, crew shortage will be a problem,\" a source said.The airline has been tight-lipped about the number of pilots on its rolls. In the last six months, 300-350 pilots quit the airline. Sources say that at present 475 pilots are on Kingfisher's rolls. Of them, 275 are A320 pilots, of whom 120 are commanders. The number of ATR commanders is 80, including about a dozen expat pilots, who are examiners mainly involved in training. About 120 are ATR first officers. \"The airline had promised to move ATR commanders to A320 aircraft on completion of specific flying hours. But the airline did not stick to the promise. So, these commanders may move on to airlines offering better prospects,\" the source said.Air safety expert Capt M Ranganathan said Kingfisher will have to keep pilots motivated to retain them. \"Only if a pilot has career progression in sight will he remain.\"He said Kingfisher cannot afford to lose its pilots as new pilot rest rules will come in place in March and all airlines will need more pilots.Poaching pilots, especially from an airline that is down, is an old practice in the highly competitive airline industry. Faisal Wahid, director of the now defunct East-West Airlines, said, \"When we were facing tough times, competitors offered better salaries and perks and poached our pilots. But quite a few stayed back. There are pilots who believe in loyalty.\"He said that running an airline is all about \"man management\" and having deep pockets.Parvez Damania, former executive director of Kingfisher Airlines, has a different view. \"It is a free economy. If pilots are unhappy with a company they will move,\" he said. \"It is not easy to get trained commanders and so they are always in demand, especially A320 pilots, who need minimal training to move onto other Airbus aircraft like A330 and A340.\"When Kingfisher began operations we went all over the world to recruit experienced commanders. Indian pilots who had left the country to work for Silk Air and Singapore Airlines were brought back. If Kingfisher manages to pull it off and get its 64 aircraft in air, where will they get the commanders from unless they do something to prevent them from leaving?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11998578", "title": "Kingfisher resumes flights from Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: The cash-strapped Kingfisher Airlines has managed to resume its operations from Jaipur on Wednesday. They had to cancel over 30 flights on different routes in the country during the day following the crisis. However, passengers from Jaipur scheduled to travel by the airline were fortunate that all the three Delhi-bound flights had on-time departures except the evening one which was delayed by two hours.\"Our first Delhi-bound flight departed at 7.45am followed by second flight at 7.45 in the evening. The third flight which was scheduled to depart at 8.30 pm will take off at 10.30 pm,\" said an airline official, who was unsure whether flights will be on-time on Thursday.Kingfisher's operations were very uncertain since the crisis started last Friday. Many flights were cancelled during this period. Syed Shahnawaz Chishty, a city travel agent complained that airline has not refunded money to passengers pending from 24-48 hours. \"The airline call center is not responding even to our calls. One can imagine the fate of passengers who booked tickets directly,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001621", "title": "Speaker suspends 10 TRS MLAs for 2 days", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ten Telangana Rashtra Samithi members, including an affiliate member, were on Wednesday suspended for two days from the Assembly for obstructing proceedings for the fifth consecutive day. With TRS members refusing to heed Speaker Nadendla Manohar's advice to let the House transact its business, the session was adjourned within 15 minutes of its start. It reconvened at 11.30am, but TRS members refused to budge forcing R&B; minister Dharmana Prasada Rao to move a motion seeking suspension of the TRS members for two days.When the TRS members refused to move out of the House, marshals were summoned to evict them. Taking objection to their suspension, BJP and CPI staged a walkout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12003811", "title": "Kerala fishermen killing: Italy makes conditional offer to cooperate with probe", "text": "KOCHI: Italy on Thursday offered to cooperate with the Kerala police for the ballistic examination of the weapons of the two arrested marines, suspected to have shot and killed two Indian fishermen, but said it should be in their presence.'We will cooperate for the ballistic examination, but we should also be present. Hope it will bring out justice', Italian deputy foreign minister Stefan de Mistura said.A Kollam court on February 21 had permitted police to search the Italian ship Enrica Lexie to seize the arms allegedly used by the two onboard naval guards to shoot and kill two Indian fishermen.Talking to reporters after meeting the two marines at the CISF Guest House at Wellington here this morning, Mistura said the firing incident took place in international waters.\"We stick to our stand that the vessel was in international waters when the incident took place. It was 22.5 nautical miles of Kollam coast', he said.The visiting minister said he felt sad for the families of the dead fishermen. \"We expressed regret.\"The marines have been arrested on the charge of killing the two Indian fishermen on Feb 15 off Kollam coast. Italy has been maintaining that they opened fire suspecting the fishermen's boat to be pirates.Meanwhile, the two marines were today taken to Kollam for being produced before a court at the end of their three-day police custody. Latore Massimiliano and Salvatore Girone were taken in separate vehicles by police to Kollam, a nearly three hours journey from here. They have to be produced in court by 4pm.On the legal front, the petition filed by Italian Consul General in Mumbai Gian Paolo Cutillo and the two accused seeking to quash the FIR against them will come up before the Kerala high court today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12000778", "title": "Car door hits bike, killing senior citizen", "text": "BANGALORE: A senior citizen paid with his life for the carelessness of passengers of a multi-utility vehicle who sought to alight from the four-wheeler from the right side.Eighty-two-year-old Nadwal Jain was riding pillion on his son-in-law Chetan Kumar's bike near JSS College on Kanakapura Main Road on Tuesday night when passengers of a parked Tata Sumo flung open the door on the right side without bothering to check if the path was clear.The door hit the bike, throwing both Jain and Kumar off it. Jain suffered grievous injuries and was rushed to Deepak Nursing Home nearby. The octogenarian succumbed later in the night. Kumar survived with minor injuries.The Tata Sumo fled from the spot with the passengers. Police are trying to locate the vehicle.Jain owned a hardware store and is a resident of Jayanagar 6th block, police said.Rule forgottenA cardinal rule that anyone travelling on a four-wheeler is obligated to follow is to not get down from the right side. Even if one, the driver in most cases, gets down, he/she will have to double check to ensure that no vehicle is coming on the right side before alighting.However, passengers and drivers getting down with impunity from the right side of four-wheelers is common in Bangalore.On July 22, 2010, IBM employee Alwyn Dilip Mohan Das, 32, dropped off his four-year-old son at school on Residency Road and was riding towards his workplace, at Manyata Tech Park in Hebbal. A car stopped by suddenly and the driver flung open the door, hitting Alwan's bike. Thrown off the vehicle, Alwyn came under the wheels of a speeding bus and was crushed to death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12001603", "title": "Puffing burns a hole in 25 youth's pockets", "text": "LUDHIANA: Acting tough against youngsters puffing tobacco in a hookah bar in the city, a team led by district health officer raided a coffee house in Sarabha Nagar.The team found 25 youngsters in the age group of 18-22 years age smoking tobacco from hookahs and challaned them under the Tobacco Act.District health officer Dr Kulwinder Singh told TOI that his team raided Mr Beans in Sarabha Nagar area at 6pm and found 25 youngsters, including two girls, puffing tobacco. He said during the raid which continued for about an hour, the team challaned youngsters Rs 200 each for violating the Tobacco act and police recorded their names.\"After we booked the youngsters, police seized the tobacco to be sent to forensic laboratory to ascertain the presence of any other addictive material in it,\" Dr Kulwinder Singh said.We conduct such raids mostly on the complaints of the parents of youngsters who don't want their children to become addicts, he added.Sources said use of drugs has increased in the city and hookah bars are playing their part in aggravating the problem of addiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11999404", "title": "Top cops meet with bank officials to discuss security measures", "text": "COIMBATORE: Top police officials and senior bank officials met at the city commissioner's office today, where the latter expressed their difficulty in implementing the security measures recommended by city police commissioner TP Sundaramoorthy. The meeting, in which deputy commissioner of police Hema Karunagaran also participated, was held in view of the recent bank robberies in Chennai.Hema Karunagaran stated that all banks should install CCTVs at the entrance as well as inside the bank. Bank walls should be strengthened to prevent break-ins and glass windows should be avoided as they allow easy entry. She said burglar alarms should be checked regularly to see if they are working. She called upon managers and senior officers to ensure that security measures are in place. \"Alarms never went off during burglaries, allowing thieves to steal without being detected. If many people accompany an account holder, it should be questioned,\" said Karunagaran.Sundaramoorthy said that despite the recent burglaries, security measures are still not in place in ATMs and banks. \"I was on night patrol on Tuesday. I visited a few ATMs and banks and noticed that most of them do not have watchmen. Many banks do not have proper lights. While I saw some small banks with good security systems, there are a few large banks that do not have any security measures in place,\" he said.He noticed that many of the security guards at ATMs were old men. He urged banks to employ youth as security guards and install CCTVs within 30 days. He said that the CCTVs should be on round the clock and their operation should not be affected by power cuts. They should be installed in the parking lots too. Sundaramoorthy asked bank officials to inform police if they feel that they are being watched.He also urged banks to install high-tech burglar alarms. People wearing helmets or masks should not be allowed to enter ATMs. If people need to withdraw large sums of money, they can get help from the nearest police station. The phone numbers of relevant police stations should be displayed at each branch.Regarding the safety of bank staff, the commissioner said that banks should employ more staff. \"Armed security guards should discharge their weapons should the need arise,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11998602", "title": "Residents take up green cause", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Over the last few days, residents of CBD Belapur Sector 15 have been working together to save close to 1,000 trees and saplings that were in a state of neglect since last year.Joggers are using fertilizers in order to help the trees survive-it's a job that should have been done by a private contractor appointed by the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation (NMMC).The citizens' initiative has now been brought to the notice of NMMC officials, who have promised to inquire into this matter.Retired income tax officer, Sharad Savadi, is a morning walker who has galvanized other residents to come together to save the greenery and also beautify the area.\"We have taken it upon ourselves to take care of these trees that have been neglected. Since the monsoon is nearly four months away, we had to water them now,\" said Savadi.The former I-T officer is being helped by other Belapur residentsin the green drive. Residents also approached the NMMC and the Navi Mumbai traffic police to garner their support.\"Apart from apathy towards greenery, we noticed that several truck drivers illegally parked their vehicles along the promenade which is actually meant for joggers. Traffic police have assured us that they will remove the vehicles parked illegally,\" said Charu Satam, a resident. On Tuesday, deputy municipal commissioner Jagannath Sinnarkar was informed about the issue. He dispatched the NMMC administrative officer (gardens), C D Tayde, to the spot to get a first-hand account of the situation.After checking the condition of the trees and saplings, Tayde assured citizens that necessary action would be taken against the contractor in charge of watering the trees.\"It is nice that the civic officials and police are responding to our initiative to beautify our area,\" added Satam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11999374", "title": "Tirupur CETPS to get loans by month-end", "text": "COIMBATORE: The first installment of the interest-free loan package announced for the upgradation of the Common Effluent Treatment Plants (CETPs) of dyeing units in Tirupur garment cluster is expected to be disbursed to the stakeholders before the end of the month. It will be 10% of the total amount of Rs 179 crore, which is to be utilised for the construction and civil engineering works at the CETP sites, as part of the upgradation proposals submitted by the individual units.\"It is a positive step and we are expecting to carry out the upgradation and revival activities at the CETPs and hopefully restart our operations at the earliest,\" said S Nagarajan, president, Dyers Association of Tirupur ( DAT).According to the dyeing association members, the first installment of the loan will be around Rs 17 crore that would be distributed to the CETPs. As per the present norms, the first 10% of the loan amount should be utilised for construction activities at the plant. The second installment of 20% will be for placing the order for equipment to modernise and increase the efficiency of the plant. Another 40% will be given after these equipment are procured and another 20% after their installation at the respective plants. The remaining 10% installment will be given after the upgraded CETPs are evaluated and certified by Pollution Control Board officials.\"We are expecting the approval from Anna University and the IIT for the CETPs within the next few days,\" said R Kannan, district environmental engineer, Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board, Tirupur.Out of the 18 CETPs catering to the dyeing cluster, 13 have submitted Detailed Project Report (DPR) for plant upgradation to Anna University and the remaining four to IIT-Chennai for final approval to certify the feasibility of the method before doling out the financial package. The CETP at S Periyapalayam catering to just six dyeing units is yet to submit its project report.At least seven units, including Arulpuram, Rayapuram, Chinnakkarai and Kallikaadu plants, have reportedly cleared the technical scrutiny and 10 more units are expected to get the go ahead from these institutes by next week. The distribution of the financial assistance and the expenses incurred for the upgradation of the units should be according to the approved project report. According to sources, seven units are opting for brine solution method while three have opted for nano membrane technology and another seven will be going in for a combination of brine solution and salt crystallisation methods to ensure Zero Liquid Discharge (ZLD) as per the Madras high court norms.As of now, PCB has sanctioned six plants -- Arulpuram, Rayapuram, Chinnakkarai, Angeripalayam, Veerapandi and Park CETPS -- to carry out trial runs to attempt zero liquid discharge. Out of these only Arulpuram, Veerapandi and Park CETPs are carrying out the trial runs. Arulpuram plant has adopted the brine solution treatment process while Veerapandi and Park CETPs are following salt crystallisation and nano membrane methods respectively. The installation of flow meters and automation of the plants has delayed the trial run at the remaining three CETPs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998522", "title": "India to Norway: NRI kids neither orphans, nor stateless", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Wednesday expressed concern over the move by Norwegian authorities to extend the Residence Permits of the two Indian children, who have been put in foster care by the Municipal Child Care Services in Stavanger, saying that the children were neither orphans nor stateless. It said that any request for extension of residence permits must \"emanate only from parents\".The government said that it had conveyed its \"serious concerns\" regarding the manner in which this was done to the Norwegian Foreign Office in Oslo as well as in New Delhi. \"It was pointed out that the children are neither orphans nor stateless persons, and enjoy the protection of the Indian state and any request for extension of Residence Permit on their behalf should emanate from either the parents or the Indian state,\" said MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.The Norwegian government was urged again to expedite the process of return of the young children to India in view of the humanitarian dimension of the issue. \"It was underlined that India has strong legislative and institutional mechanism to protect the interests of children after their return to India,\" he added.Indian couple Sagarika and Anurup Bhattacharya has been accused of negligence by the child welfare officials in Norway and their two children - Aishwarya (1) and Abhigyan (3) - were taken away from them last May and placed in foster care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12001271", "title": "Applications invited for senior non-commissioned officers exam", "text": "BHOPAL: Recruitment test for senior non-commissioned officers in Group X (education instructor) trade of Indian Air Force will be organised at Air Force Airmen Selection Centre in April.According to an official press release, youths who possess graduation degree in Arts, Commerce or Science along with B Ed degree and having two years of experience of teaching in a government recognized school or college will be eligible to appear in the test.The candidate should have passed BEd with minimum 50 per cent marks and be born between October 1, 1987 and August 31, 1992. The candidates, who have passed post-graduation exams including MA (English) or MSc in Maths, Physics, Computer science or MSc, B Ed or having 2 years' experience of teaching in government recognised school or college and should be born between October 1, 1984 and August 31, 1992.Interested candidates should send in their applications as per directions and format given in the February 11, 2012 edition of Rozgar Samachar (weekly) along with necessary documents by ordinary post to president, Central Air Force Airmen Selection Centre, Post Box No. 11807, New Delhi.March 2 is the last date for receipt of applications. For further information, candidate can contact helpline phone numbers 0755-2661955 and cell phone number 9479959970 of Air Force Airmen Selection Centre, Bhopal .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12003325", "title": "Kamat back to power?", "text": "MARGAO: The odds seem to be stacked high against chief minister Digambar Kamat who has been representing Margao constituency for 17 long years. Besides other factors, the strong anti-incumbency wave is likely to affect Kamat's prospects this time, political observers say. However, seemingly unaffected by criticism, Kamat says he is going great guns and exudes confidence that he will romp home comfortably.\"I don't care what anybody says or writes about me (in newspapers). For me, everything is in order and there is absolutely no need for any concern,\" Kamat avers.Political observers, however, say that Kamat will have a tough time with \"silent voters\" belonging to the educated class likely to play a crucial role in deciding his fortunes in the March 3 assembly elections.Social activist and writer Jose Maria Miranda articulates it succinctly when he says that Kamat's chances of survival in Margao are \"rather dim\" this time. \"His misrule or lack of governance, may not have affected his chances of reelection in Margao much. But Madganvkars are upset with his neglect of his constituency and will never forgive him for losing a good opportunity to develop Margao and ease its problems, mainly of garbage and traffic. On the contrary, he has added to their woes by allowing, as TCP minister, high rise buildings even in congested areas with no parking spaces. Traffic chaos in particular is a nightmare for pedestrians and motorists alike. Margao's filth, traffic snarls and parking woes are a testimony to his inefficiency and incompetence,\" Miranda told TOI.Agrees Dattatray Amonkar, a political commentator and businessman from Margao. \"Resentment among the educated class against the Congress regarding issues like illegal mining, corruption and family raj will harm Digambar Kamat's prospects this time. Then one also needs to factor in the impact of Anna Hazare's campaign on voters. If this class decides to vote for a change, Kamat is in trouble,\" Amonkar said.Former medical superintendent of the Hospicio hospital, Margao, Dr Lafrande D'Costa, however, disagrees, as he feels that Kamat has fared quite well as Margao's MLA. \"During his tenure as chief minister he strived to improve the conditions at the Hospicio hospital. After becoming chief minister, he assured to do everything possible to upgrade the facilities here. Whatever he had promised he has done. Then, the new district collectorate building under construction will help in decongesting the city. And above all, the chief minister's accessibility to everybody scores above everything else,\" D'Costa said.What should be a cause for concern for Kamat is that the Catholic community which had always rallied behind the Congress all these years, irrespective of the candidate, has been openly coming out against the Congress party. Both the Coutinhos are likely to divide Catholic votes, thereby dampening Kamat's prospects further, political analysts feel. \"Same is the case with the Muslims. They have now realized that the minority community has been used as a vote bank and it is likely that they will move away from the Congress this time,\" Amonkar said.Though the medium of instruction issue is unlikely to be an election issue in Margao, the fact remains that the Devnagri Konkani camp is alienated from the Congress party over the issue, sources said.Vishal Cacode, a cultural activist, however feels that Kamat's commitment for the cause of Goa and Goans should be reason enough for Madganvkars to rally behind the chief minister. \"Digambarbab's easy accessibility to the common man is the major factor that should weigh in his favour. People should now choose whether they want an MLA who is always accessible or somebody who meets people only by prior appointments. Besides, Digambar has a vision not only for Margao but for the entire state. He may be criticized for lack of development. But one should realize that infrastructure projects alone do not constitute development. Digambar has provided employment opportunities to maximum number of youths from Margao by way of government jobs and made womenfolk self-reliant by helping develop self-help groups. This will definitely stand him in good stead,\" Cacode said.Significantly, a considerable section of people feel that despite all odds, Kamat will be triumphant, though not necessarily on his own merit. \"His financial standing and his patronage of migrants are factors that may work in his favour. The builders, developers and those involved in mining, legal and illegal, cannot forget him in his hour of need. On our part too, we have failed in putting up a united front to defeat him. However, it is certain to be a battle never fought by him before,\" Miranda said.It is precisely this anti-Congress sentiment that the BJP hopes to cash in on to wrest the Margao seat. \"BJP will usher in planned development in Margao. The chief minister has done nothing for this city despite being a chief minister. I assure to solve all of Margao's woes, including traffic congestion, garbage, etc in a time bound manner. People have decided to bring in a change,\" Mahatme said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11999445", "title": "Teaching, exams stalled at government colleges", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Classes and tests in seven government aided colleges of Chandigarh was affected on Wednesday, after a strike call given by Joint Action Committee of Aided College Teachers and Non-Teaching Employees.Conduct of mercy/condition tests was also affected and classes could be conducted only after 11am. The strike was \"to express their deep resentment at the Chandigarh administration's discriminatory behaviour towards them.\"The staff is agitating because despite many promises, the UT government had failed to implement the revised scales for non-teaching staff. The rally was held at DAV College and a memorandum was submitted to UT administrator Shivraj Patil after being stopped to proceed to the Raj Bhavan at the college gates.Dr Jagwant Singh, president of Punjab and Chandigarh College Teachers' Union (PCCTU), said, \"We have knocked all doors of the government, but have received nothing but assurances so far. The revision of pay scales has been denied despite several orders regarding parity with counterparts working in government colleges. The case was referred to MHRD, GOI. Following huge efforts, Government of India approved the implementation of revised pay scales (Fifth Pay Commission), but nothing has happened so far.\"\"It's a matter of extreme distress that the non-teaching employees working in government aided colleges in Chandigarh, are still awaiting the release of their revised pay scales w.e.f. January 1, 2006. The treatment being meted out is most disappointing and biased. They are perhaps the only cadre of employees in Punjab and Chandigarh, yet to get the benefit of revised pay-scales,\" added Ghanshyam Dev, convener of the Joint Action Committee of Aided College Teachers and Non-teaching Employees of Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12003903", "title": "Student inform friends, kin before ending life", "text": "NAGPUR: Before jumping into the Futala Lake on Tuesday night, the second year engineering student informed his friends and relatives. However, after frantically searching the various suicide points in the city, when they arrived the Lake, it was too late. Only minutes before they reached the spot, Bhupesh Pise jumped to his death.Pise, a second semester student of B.E electronic branch, was a resident of Mahalxmi Nagar in Ajni. While many tensed friends and relatives started making frantic calls and informed his parents, others started searching for him at every suicide points in the city.Despite their swift efforts to save him, a firm Pise ended his life. However, according to his friends Pise did not jump into the lake immediately after calling the friends and relatives.\"Around 10.15, he made calls to four friends and few of the relatives to tell them about his suicide plan. According to the youths, who claimed to have witnessed the incident told that after making calls, Pise was seen seated on the parapet wall for more than 15 minutes,\" said his friend.His friends claimed that Pise's relative reached the spot minutes before he jumped into the Lake. \"His relatives had just reached the Lake and were parking the vehicle when Pise took the extreme step. The nearby youths immediately alerted the police chowky and within an hour, Pise's body was fished out,\" added the friend.Ambazari police said no suicide note was recovered from the spot or his house. The friends informed that he had a long-time girlfriend, with whom he had a fight recently.\"His relationship with the girl was not going well and hence he was depressed. He never shared what exactly happened but he was seen disturbed ,\" said other friend, who refused to be named.Bhupesh's father Diliprao, a government employee stated to police that he is clueless about the reason. Ambazari police has so far registered accidental death.In another incident, an 18-year-old girl was found hanged to ceiling fan at her Mominpura residence on Wednesday afternoon. Shahada Anjum alias Heena, was a school drop out and would work as a daily wager. Tehsil police said that she was found hanging by her parents, who then rushed her to private hospital from where she was referred to Mayo hospital. Shahada was declared brought dead at Mayo hospital. No suicide note was recovered from her house, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998486", "title": "Drugs worth Rs 49L seized, two held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two persons, including a Nigerian, were arrested in separate cases of drug peddling in the city. With their arrest, the crime branch has seized 45 grams of cocaine and 4.5 kg of charas worth around Rs 49.5 lakh, police said.The Nigerian, identified as Sunday Eze (30), was arrested from Model Town with 45 grams of cocaine worth around Rs 45 lakh. Eze came to Delhi 10 days ago and was staying in Uttam Nagar, police said. \"Eze's wife has a garments shop in Nigeria and he intended to export garments from India. Eze met one David, a Nigerian, in Delhi and was lured into drug trafficking,\" said Ashok Chand, deputy commissioner of police (crime).In another case, one Umesh Kumar (40) was held from near Tikri border for allegedly possessing 4.5 kg of charas worth Rs 4.5 lakh. Kumar, a resident of Jhajjar in Haryana, was previously arrested in 1995 for his involvement in Najafgarh murder case. Kumar would allegedly procure the drug from one Rahul in Dhigal village, Haryana. Efforts are on to arrest Rahul, Chand said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12001378", "title": "Two motorcyclists rob dairy manager of Rs 7 lakh", "text": "LUDHIANA: Two motorcycle-borne men looted Rs 7 lakh from manager of a dairy on Wednesday afternoon in Dashmesh Nagar while he was on his way from a bank to the dairy. Rajesh Chaudary, manager of Jagdish dairy, had gone to a bank near the dairy around 12.30pm to withdraw money.Rajesh said when he was returning, two men on motorcycles drove up to him and snatched the money bag before riding away. The accused men's faces were not covered and they looked about 30 years old, Rajesh added. Owner of the dairy, Jagdish Lal said he used to send Rajesh for most bank related works. \"Like every day he went to withdraw Rs 7 lakh and was close to our dairy when the incident happened. Rajesh was accompanied by the worker of a nearby factory who had gone to the bank for depositing cash. Such a thing has happened to us for the first time and we are in shock,'' said Jagdish.SHO of Shimlapuri, Amanpal Singh said they have registered a case and made sketches of the accused men based on Rajesh's description.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001782", "title": "Mayor visits GHMC office in Khairatabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mayor Mohammad Majid Hussain on Wednesday warned officials of severe action in case they do not redress public grievances between 3 pm and 5 pm everyday. During his surprise visit to the GHMC, Central Zone office in Khairatabad, he found some officials were not in their seats.Speaking to the media, he said a circular would be issued to ensure officers be present in their respective offices, especially between 3 pm and 5 pm.He asked town planning officials to be vigilant before unauthorized constructions come up rather than going in for demolition after completion of the building.A citizen, Nadeem , complained to the mayor that he was doing rounds of the office to get his voter ID card. He said he was forced to pay parking fee on his every visit.The mayor directed officials not to collect parking fee from visitors at gov offices and asked the zonal commissioner to probe into the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12000925", "title": "VHP, Iskcon to fight against ban attempt on Gita", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Vishwa Hindu Parishad ( VHP) and International Society for Krishna Consciousness (Iskcon) have said they would fight \"internationally\" to thwart attempts of banning the sacred \"Bhagavad Gita\" in Russia after the state prosecutors in Tomsk recently moved an upper court against a lower court's decree on rejection of the ban appeal.\"We came to know that fresh attempts have been made to ban Bhagavad Gita after a lower Russian court rejected such an earlier attempt on December 28. The state prosecutors moved an upper court against the decision last month. We will fight it internationally to protect the rights of Hindus and their identity,\" VHP's international working president Pravin Togadia told TOI during his Odisha visit here on Wednesday.Foreign Iskcon devotees, who were cheerful following the December 28 verdict by the Tomsk court, are also gearing up for the second battle to salvage the pride of Hinduism.\"The upper court at Tomsk in Russia has set March 6 as the date of hearing the pleas of state prosecutors. We will oppose it tooth and nail. We want support of Indians from across the globe to save the Bhagavad Gita,\" said Mikhail Frolov, a Russian Iskcon devotee at a press conference in Puri on Tuesday. A lawyer by profession, Frolov said he was assisting a team of lawyers, representing Iskcon in trial court in the case.\"Bhagavad Gita As It Is\", a Russian version of Iskcon founder A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada's translation and commentaries on the Bhagavad Gita, kicked up a world-wise storm last year with the state prosecutor's office in Tomsk alleging that the book promotes \"religious extremism\". The move had triggered strong protests by members of Parliament who wanted India to take up the matter strongly with Russia.\"Iskcon never promotes extremism and violence. We will fight peacefully and spiritually against the nefarious attempts to ban Gita. Bhagavad Gita has transformed our lives and helped us understand the essence of life,\" an Italian Iskcon pilgrim Mayapur Chandra Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11997481", "title": "Saif Ali Khan arrested for assaulting South African businessman, released on bail", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor Saif Ali Khan was arrested and released on bail on Wednesday evening for allegedly beating up a businessman at a five-star restaurant in South Mumbai.Saif was arrested by the Colaba police at around 7.30pm for assaulting a South African businessman of Indian origin, Iqbal Meer Sharma (44), in the Japanese restaurant Wasabi at the Taj late on Tuesday night. Businessman Shakeel Ladak and producer Bilal Amrohi were also arrested for their role in allegedly assaulting Sharma's 69-year-old father-in-law. The three were booked for assault and voluntarily causing grievous hurt and were released on bail by 8.30pm after surety was furnished by their lawyer.In a statement released to the media, Saif said he was simply acting in self-defence and refuted all charges leveled by Sharma. \"I am a law-abiding citizen. It was Sharma who started the fight and now he is lying with a straight face. I hope the footage from the area can be examined as that will prove who is right,\" he said.Sharma, a South African citizen of Indian origin, is a former deputy director general of the department of trade and investment of South Africa.He told police he was dining at Wasabi with his family on Tuesday night. Saif was at the adjacent table with a group of people including actor Kareena Kapoor , her sister Karisma, Amrita Arora , her husband Shakeel Ladak, Malaika Arora Khan, producer Bilal Amrohi and a few others. \"They were making a lot of noise and I asked the management to request them to tone it down. This happened thrice but there was no change in their behaviour. Finally at around 12.30am we decided to leave, which is when the incident took place,\" said Sharma.Sharma in his complaint said he was going down the stairs and Saif was coming up, when they met in between. That is when Saif allegedly accosted him and abused him. \"He asked me what my problem was and said I should go to a library if I wanted peace and quiet. We exchanged some words and he called me an idiot. He then punched me, while two other men pushed my father-in-law,\" said Sharma.Sharma then went to GT Hospital where the doctors told him he had fractured his nasal bone. After receiving treatment, he went to the Colaba police station to file a complaint. \"He came at 2.30am and narrated the entire sequence of events. We registered an FIR against Saif Ali Khan and two unknown men who were not identified by Sharma,\" said Iqbal Sheikh, assistant commissioner of police (Colaba division).Sheikh said they will examine CCTV footage from the hotel and question eyewitnesses to get a clear picture. \"There is no CCTV footage available from the spot where the fight took place. But we will check footage from entry and exit points to verify if the time references given by the complainant are accurate,\" he said. When contacted, the Taj spokesperson refused to comment.On Wednesday morning, Colaba police sent a team to the actor's Bandra residence but he wasn't there. Sources said they were unable to establish contact with the actor or any of his associates till late afternoon. At around 4.30pm, there was official confirmation that the actor would court arrest at Colaba. He finally arrived in a police vehicle by 7.30pm along with Ladak, Amrohi and his lawyers, where he was arrested and immediately released on bail. Saif's lawyer Mohan Jaykar said, \"The complaint against Saif is totally false. The provocation came from Sharma. In any event, Saif did not punch him on his nose.\"The actor filed a counter-complaint with the Colaba police under section 325 against Sharma and his father for allegedly causing him \"grievous injury\". Saif alleged he had been provoked by Sharma who allegedly was behaving in an obnoxious manner and \"using unparliamentary language\" around the table where he sat with others.A close friend of Saif alleged, \"When Saif was coming back from the washroom he was attacked on the neck by this middle-aged man. It was an unprovoked act of aggression and Saif reacted only after it.\"Sharma has however insisted that he will not opt for an out-of-court settlement at any stage. \"This is a serious matter and we will not compromise on the issue. He and his friends have assaulted an old man and this is unpardonable. I will not back down even if he apologizes,\" he said.(With inputs from Swati Deshpande)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12000946", "title": "Sanjay Dutt to play Pathan Sher Khan", "text": "Apoorva Lakhia's remake of the Late Prakash Mehra's 1973 blockbuster Zanjeer just got more exciting. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that if all goes well, Sanjay Dutt will play the role of Pathan Sher Khan essayed by Pran in the original.Pran's evergreen Pathani anthem, Yaari Hai Imaan Mera Yaar Meri Zindagi, which Manna Dey had sung will also be picturised on Dutt.When contacted, producer Ram Mirchandani confirmed that Sanjay Dutt is indeed their choice for the part. \"We've approached him and negotiations are on. Mr Dutt is perfect for Pran Saab's part. Yes, we're buying the rights of the song Yaari Hai Imaan Mera which conferred a cult status to Pran Saab's character Sher Khan in Zanjeer,\" said Mirchandani.After playing a hardcore baddie in the Agneepath remake, Dutt will be seen playing the Good Samaritan in the new Zanjeer.Mirchandani also confirmed that Prakash Raj has been roped in to play the part of the main villain Teja, originally played by Ajit.Deepika Padukone is being considered for the role of Mala, the main protagonist Vijay's sweetheart. Mirchandani said, \"In the original Zanjeer, Jaya Bachchanji had a relatively small role. Here, the leading lady's role would be more fleshed out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "jaipur/alwar", "code": "11998641", "title": "'Runaway bride' caught during 7th marriage attempt", "text": "JAIPUR/ALWAR: The Dholpur police have busted a gang of conmen allegedly involved in defrauding families on the pretext of marrying their sons. The accused included a 29-year-old 'runaway bride' who married six men and ran away each time along with the cash and jewellery given by her in-laws post marriage. But, her seventh attempt was foiled by anti-human trafficking unit of the police late on Tuesday night.The gang included a woman and her two accomplices who used to pose as her father and brother to fix her marriage.When asked about their modus operandi, police said, \"The accused Sangeeta alias Rachna alias Sapna alias Pooja along with her partners-in-crime Parmesh Mishra (45) and Krishna Sharma (30), who hail from Kanpur, used to identify those Brahmin families where a man wasn't able to find a suitable bride for being either overaged or physically disabled. Then they would ask the families Rs 2 lakh to Rs 3 lakh to marry their sons to Sangeeta,\" Rahul Prakash, superintendent of police, Dholpur, said on Wednesday.\"Gang members Sangeeta and Parmesh are quite like the real life Bunty and Babli as both have been in a relationship for a long time,\" the SP said.After they were paid the money, Parmesh, posing as the girl's father, used to agree to the marriage. \"A few days after the marriage, the girl, once she got the jewellery from her in-laws, either fled from the house or Parmesh came and took her away citing some family member's illness as the reason,\" he added.When asked how the police managed to foil the seventh attempt of the gang, \"We got information the gang had fixed Sangeeta's marriage with a Brahmin boy of Kolari village in the district. Later, plainclothes police were deployed around the marriage venue as baraatis. We caught them red-handed accepting Rs 1,60,000,\" he said.According to police, the gang has defrauded four families in Dholpur and two other such cases had been reported in Uttar Pradesh. Police believes that there could be more cases of cheating against the gang.\"We are in touch with the police in Ahmedabad and Bihar where such gangs were busted recently. It appears that the gang is allegedly involved in more such cases,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12003579", "title": "Chargers sign MP pacer Sudhindra", "text": "NAGPUR: The success of the Madhya Pradesh team in the last couple of years was largely due to the brilliant performance of their pacers. Spearheading the bowling attack, TP Sudhindra had delivered almost every time he was asked to bowl by his captain.The tall lad emerged as the highest wicket-taker in the Ranji Trophy this season with 40 wickets to his credit. It helped MP reach quarterfinals where they were beaten by formidable Mumbai.The 27-year-old's dream season with the ball caught the attention of cricketing fraternity and established him as one of the best pacers in the country. The first to notice his outstanding effort was the team management of Deccan Chargers. The former Indian Premier League champions have signed Sudhindra for the IPL-V as one of the five uncapped players.Continuing his impressive run, Sudhindra guided MP to a comfortable nine-wicket victory over arch-rivals Uttar Pradesh in their opening match of the Vijay Hajare Trophy at VCA Jamtha here on Tuesday. His three-wicket haul (9-3-10-3) ripped apart the strong UP batting line-up underlining his utility in the shorter format of the game too.\"The last few years have been really fruitful for me. After I took 40 wickets in the Ranji Trophy this year, I was sure one of the IPL teams will approach me. I was glad that I got the offer from Deccan which helped me realize my dream of playing in the high-profile league,\" Sudhindra told TOI on Wednesday.With Sudhindra's inclusion in the Chargers' side, he became the sixth player from MP after Naman Ojha ( Delhi Daredevils ), Mohnish Mishra and Harpreet Singh Bhatia (both Pune Warriors), Anand Rajan and Ankit Sharma (both Chargers) to feature in the IPL.The right-arm pacer is happy to represent Chargers since he originally hails from Andhra Pradesh and his two MP teammates are already in the Hyderabad-based side.\"I was born in AP so it is like joining the home team. My new-ball partner for MP team Anand (Rajan) had done well last year for them (Chargers). I hope we repeat the MP team's success for Chargers too and form the new-ball attack in IPL. I will try to live up to the expectations of my new team. I am all excited to play,\" said Sudhindra, who had taken 25 wickets last season in Ranji.A rich haul of 65 wickets in the last two seasons in the Ranji Trophy might help Sudhindra to break into the national side. \"I have done my job which is to take wickets. It is now up to the selectors to consider me. I am optimistic about my chances to don the national colours,\" said Sudhindra, who bats left-handed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998630", "title": "Arya orphanage case: HC orders in-camera hearing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Informing the Delhi high court that Arya Anathalaya doesn't have adequate residential accommodation for children, the administrator of the orphanage recommended that further admissions be put on hold.Submitting a report outlining the progress of the probe into the alleged sexual assault and harassment of children, the administrator P P Dhal said he has banned the entry of the three accused into the orphanage and ordered installation of CCTV cameras. After going through the report, a division bench of Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw decided to conduct in-camera hearings from Thursday. \"Some stray incidents shouldn't result in other children living under fear. We have to look for a solution. Our order should not have adverse impact on the psychology of the children who will appear for their examinations soon,\" the bench observed while refusing to stop the city government from setting up any other committee to inquire into the matter.In his report, the administrator said, \"It has been felt that the orphanage does not have a proficiently qualified officer-in-charge and counsellors. In a plea to HC, the orphanage argued that the government should be restrained from setting up any other panel. Orphanage president V P Chaudhary said more than 1,600 children have been staying at the 95-year-old home and the whole organization cannot be blacklisted on the basis of stray incidents.The court said that no other committee has been set up so far and asked Chaudhary to approach the court if he has objections to any other panel set up by the government. HC took cognisance of the matter by way of an email received by Justice Sikri. The email alleged that children were subjected to sexual abuse and other sufferings at the orphanage. The court had then sought a report from the administrator. The Delhi government had appointed an administrator on February 13 after several TOI reports alleged sexual exploitation of children.Chaudhary said that all allegations against the children's home were baseless and it had no objection even if the court appointed a judicial officer to conduct an inquiry . During the last hearing, HC indicated it will look into the larger prospect of the issue, including of running NGOs without registering under the relevant laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12000795", "title": "Woman ends life over son's wedding", "text": "BANGALORE: A 45-year-old homemaker Dollars'Colony in Mico Layout near JP Nagar allegedly committed suicide on Wednesday afternoon after her family raised objections to her son's marriage to a relative's daughter.Family sources said Sharadamma Naidu, wife of Chandrashekhara Naidu, was getting ready to get her son married to her brother's daughter, but some elders objected to her plans. A dejected Sharadamma allegedly hanged herself in her room around 12.30pm.Police registered a case of unnatural death and the body was handed over to the family after the post mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12002901", "title": "UP polls: Locals press the 'button' today", "text": "KANPUR: A total of 31,36,778 voters would exercise their franchise in 10 assembly constituencies of Kanpur Nagar on Thursday. There are 223 candidates in the fray. Maharajpur assembly seat has the highest number of voters, followed by Billhaur assembly seat.There are 3,89,271 voters who would be electing their representative from the 22 contesting candidates in Maharajpur, while Bilhaur (SC) seat has 3,49,695 voters who will pick their representative from 16 candidates. Last in the list of total number of voters is Arya Nagar assembly seat which has 2,52,440 voters.According to the data provided by the election office, the highest number of male voters (2,16,842) are in Maharajpur. Second in the list is Billhaur where 1,96,840 male voters would exercise their franchise.In Maharajpur, there are 1,72,421 women voters, while 1,52,853 women voters would cast their vote in Bilhaur assembly segment. In contrast, Kalyanpur has the best gender ratio, followed by Kidwai Nagar.Against 1,000 male voters, there are 826 female voters in Kalyanpur, and 825 female voters are in Kidwai Nagar. The lowest gender ratio is in Billhaur where for every 1,000 male voters, there are only 777 women voters.Bithoor has 780 women voters over every 1,000 male voters. A total of 73 eunuchs would also cast their vote in Kanpur Nagar. They lie in the category of 'others' and maximum 14 are residents of Govind Nagar, followed by Kanpur Cantonment where 12 would exercise their franchise. Billhaur has just two eunuchs.Meanwhile, the district administration has completed its preparations the for 5{+t}{+h} phase polling. Polling parties were dispatched to their polling centres and booths along with the electronic voting machines (EVMs) and other essential material.The Election Commission (EC) has set up 189 polling centres comprising 3,116 booths. The Election commission has sent 4,170 EVMs against the requirement of 3,900 EVMs. The administration has constituted 3,429 polling parties including 313 as reserved parties. Kidwai Nagar has the highest 48 polling centres but there are only 293 polling booths.Billhaur has just two polling centres but it has the highest number of 416 booths. Govind Nagar has 36 polling centres and 310 polling booths. According to the administration, all the polling centres of Bilhaur and Sisamau assembly seats would have one EVM at each booth while Bithoor, Kalyanpur, Arya Nagar, Kidwai Nagar, Kanpur Cantonment, Maharajpur and Ghatampur constituencies would have two EVMs at each polling booth. Maximum 3 EVMs would be kept at Govind Nagar constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002442", "title": "Allu Arjun &amp; Sruthi in Selva Raghavan\u2019s bi-lingual?", "text": "Tollywood star Allu Arjun will in all probability be the hero in Selva Raghvan's bi-lingual (Telugu and Tamil).The yet untitled film will have Sruthi Hasan as the heroine. The movie will go on floors in Feb 2013. Allu Arjun will also star in Ram Charan's movie in a guest appearance. Meanwhile Allu Arjun, after a rather tame response in Badrinath is looking to 2012 to set his fortunes right.The actor known for his energetic fight sequences and quick silver dance moves has not had a satisfying year in 2011. He along with Ram Charan have at least two releases each lined up for 2012. As regards Selva Raghavan, the 34-year old is a Kollywood film maker with around 10 films to his credit. For Tollywood film lovers his one and only best effort to date is - Aadavalla Mataalaku Ardhaalae Vaerulae - starring venkatesh and Trisha. If the film with Allu Arjun goes on floors it would be his second straight film in Telugu.Source: 123telugu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "11998422", "title": "Mystery shrouds monk's death at Bodh Gaya", "text": "GAYA: Mystery shrouds the death of a monk at Bodh Gaya whose body was found hanging from a tree near Node I on the south-western outskirts of Bodh Gaya on Wednesday morning. The deceased remained unidentified till the afternoon.From the colour of the robes he was wearing, the monk appeared to be from the Mahayana sect of Tibetan Buddhism.Bodh Gaya DSP Imtiaz Ahmad said prima facie it appeared to be a case of suicide. The DSP said no suicide note was recovered from either the monk's robe or the place where the body was found.The body has been sent for post-mortem examination to the Anugrah Narain Magadh Medical College Hospital (ANMMCH), Gaya. Photographs of the monk have been sent to all the monasteries of Bodh Gaya to facilitate identification and ascertain the cause of the tragedy, said the DSP. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12001019", "title": "Pregnant woman falls from SCB bed, dies", "text": "CUTTACK: Tension prevailed in the gynecology ward of SCB Medical College and Hospital after a pregnant woman allegedly died after falling from a bed in the labour room on Wednesday afternoon.The deceased, Banita Das (39), a resident of Bhubaneswar, was admitted to the hospital on Wednesday morning for delivery. \"My wife was writhing in pain but there was no nurse or doctor present. My wife fell off from the hospital bed and died before delivering the baby,\" alleged Bijay Das, the deceased's husband. \"I was not allowed inside the labour room, but fellow attendants informed me about the entire incident. I lost my wife and child due to the negligence of the hospital authorities,\" he added.The hospital's administrative officer, Sanjita Das, said, \"We are trying to ascertain the facts behind the alleged incident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12002865", "title": "Losing sleep over gold", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Kerala, the biggest per-capita gold consuming state in India, seems to have a problem of plenty -- there is not enough space to store its riches.Asheed Vasudevan, a newly married US-based software engineer from Kozhikode had never imagined gold playing spoilsport with his carefully arranged honeymoon plans. But left with a stash of gold that his wife had brought home as wedding gift, he had to spent the next few days running from bank to bank to get a safe deposit locker for it. And to get one, he had to agree to make a fixed deposit.Safe deposit lockers are becoming increasingly hard to get in Kerala which has an incurable fixation with the yellow metal. Growing affluence and the steep rise in gold prices have created a huge demand for bank lockers. Some banks even have long waiting lists for lockers. And more often than not, banks demand their pound of flesh -- huge fixed deposits, despite RBI directive against such practices. Banks are allowed to collect only three-year rental charges.\"The demand (for lockers) is so huge that banks are finding it difficult to meet customer needs. The returns from lockers are not commensurate with the cost involved in setting up the strong room facility. Also, the pricing policy for lockers is based on RBI directives,\" said C P Mohandas, general manager, Federal Bank.According to him, rising gold prices, overall growth in income levels and rampant instances of burglary are the factors fuelling the demand for bank lockers.\"I never thought getting a bank locker was such a difficult task. Even the new generation bank where I have an NRI deposit could not provide me one. I had to shell out Rs 10,000 and start a fixed deposit in a local cooperative bank to get locker facility,\" Asheed said.K Sajeesh, senior manager, Canara Bank said with realty prices in cities hitting the roof, banks were finding it hard to allocate more space for lockers though the demand was growing. \"Lockers are being allotted to customers as per the waiting list. It will be very difficult for a person who does not bank with us to get locker facility,\" he said.SAFE DEPOSIT LOCKER ANNUAL RENTAL RATESFederal BankTier I Cities- Rs 1000- Rs 3000 (depending on locker sizes)Tier II- Rs 750- Rs 2000Tier III- Rs 500- Rs 1500Many Federal Bank branches in Kerala have up to 400 people in waiting listsFederal Bank has 420 branches with locker facility in the stateThe bank is planning to open branches exclusive for lockers at Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi and Kozhikode soon.Canara BankRural Rs 800 (small locker size) Rs 1300 (Medium) Rs 2250 (Large) Rs 3500 (Very Large)Urban Rs 1000 (small) Rs 1600 (Medium) Rs 2500 (Large) Rs 4000 (Very Large)The Calicut Circle has 110 branches with locker facility in its Kozhikode Circle covering 6 North Kerala districts from Palakkad to KasaragodBank of BarodaRural- Rs 700 - Rs 4200 (depending on size of lockers)Urban- Rs 900- Rs 4800Metropolitan Rs 1100- 5000HDFC BankCity Category-B City (Kochi, Ernakulam and Thiruvananthapuram) Category-C (Other towns)Extra Small- Rs 1000 (B Category Cities) Rs 500 (A category cities)Small- Rs1000 (B), Rs 750 (C)Medium- Rs 1500 (B), Rs 1250 (C)Large- Rs 4000 (B), Rs 3000 (C)Extra Large- Rs 11000 (B), Rs 9000 (C)ING Vysya BankRural- Rs 750- Rs 4000 (depending on size)Semi Urban- Rs 1000- Rs 5000Urban- Rs 1500- Rs 9000", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11998217", "title": "Ramaiah to probe electrocution of youths", "text": "PATNA: The state government on Wednesday asked Patna divisional commissioner K P Ramaiah to conduct an inquiry into the electrocution of two youths at Kankarbagh on Monday evening.The two youths, Rohit and Pancham Chaudhary, were electrocuted when they came in contact with water which had a snapped live electric wire lying in it.A letter from principal secretary, home, Amir Subhani asked Ramaiah to determine which government department or individual was responsible for not paying attention to the snapped wire which caused electric currentin the water. He has also been asked to suggest a standard operating procedure so that no such incident reoccurs.Ramaiah will visit the spot on Thursday morning. Officials concerned of the Patna Municipal Corporation, electricity department, road construction department, water board and PHED department have been asked to be present on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12000078", "title": "Canadian B-school ties up with MDI", "text": "GURGAON: Renowned Canadian B-school, Richard Ivey School of Business, signed a memorandum of understanding with Gurgaons Management Development Institute (MDI) on Wednesday, committing increased collaboration between the two institutes. The partnership aims to build a shared knowledge base for the benefit of students and faculties of both the institutions.Richard Ivey School of Business, which is a part of the University of Western Ontario, is known for its work in promoting the case-method in business education, having published thousands of case studies. The collaboration will enable MDI students to get better access to these. \"We will be able to leverage Iveys rich and accumulated intellectual capital in business case study research to further the use of case studies as a pedagogical approach at the MDI,\" said a representative of MDI, Gurgaon.At the MoU signing event in Gurgaon, Carol Stephenson, dean of the Richard Ivey School of Business, talked of the B-schools interest in the Indian business environment. \"Ivey publications will now develop India-based case material for business education to be taught in India as well as abroad,\" she said.Stephenson added that the collaborative programme would help students in India, just as it would students abroad. \"The partnership will not only give Indian students exposure to Iveys real-world, field-based cases, but will also benefit foreign students by helping them garner knowledge about Indian cases.\"Mukul P Gupta, director, MDI, Gurgaon, said that the international partnership would be further strengthened in the coming years. \"We are extremely pleased to be associated with the Ivey School of Business to develop and release publications on case materials. The collaboration will buttress the strengths of both institutes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "11999325", "title": "Justice plays truant with Rameswaram fishers", "text": "RAMESWARAM: While the entire country eagerly watches the prosecution of Italian armed guards who shot dead two Indian fishermen, Rameswaram fishermen still await justice with not even a single case prosecuted though 381 fishermen were killed by the Sri Lankan navy from 1983 to 2009. \"Our lives are worth some lakhs and it has increased from Rs 1 lakh to 5 lakh over the period taking into account the compensation given by the state government. Other than that, no legal action has been taken even in a single case. In all these killings, Sri Lankan navy simply pointed fingers at LTTE who were operating in the region that time,\" says N J Bose, general secretary, Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boats Fishermen Association from Rameswaram. \"We don't have either money or the energy to run after the cases and many families will stop with compensation and continue fishing. There is no alternative for the Rameswaram fishermen,\" laments B Jesuraja, district secretary of the association.The major problem in Rameswaram is that all these shootings and attacks occur well behind Katchatheevu, falling in the Sri Lankan boundary. While filing the cases, the fact cannot be mentioned because it will hamper the compensation process. Hence when a complaint is filed, fishermen always say they were near Katchatheevu within the IMBL. The Sri Lankan navy present their log books to contend that they were never present in the region at that time. So the case can never be prosecuted, a fisherman seeking anonymity said.The officials too state that all these cases are pending because they cannot be prosecuted due to lack of evidence. \"The fishermen will never present even the boat number or any other evidence about the vessel or persons who attacked them. The cases will be registered under IPC sections. Though there is a provision to prosecute foreign nationals involved in such atrocities, under IPC, all the cases are pending due to lack of evidence,\" an official from Mandapam Marine police said. After registering FIRs mentioning the Sri Lankan navy as accused, the cases will be sent to the police stations concerned and departments, but there is no progress since diplomatic concerns are involved, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12001297", "title": "Rs 715 cr MoUs inked on last day of Auto Expo", "text": "BHOPAL: Five memorandum of understanding (MoUs) of Rs 715 crore were signed on the final day of Madhya Pradesh Engineering and Auto Expo-2012 here on Wednesday. The Expo is a part of the series of events being organized by MP Trade and Investment Facilitation Corporation (MPTRIFAC) leading up to the Global Investor Summit-III, 2012.The single largest MoU was signed by Varanasi-based Eco Cement India Limited for setting up a cement plant to the tune of Rs 400 crore at Panna.MPTRIFAC officials informed that various companies including cement, automobile engineering, iron ore beneficiation, rock phosphorus beneficiation and pelletization, have expressed their interest in setting up facilities in Bhopal, Indore, Jabalpur, Satna and Panna.Addressing the expo, state commerce and industries minister Kailash Vijayvargiya declared that similar trade exhibitions would be organized every year in Bhopal and Indore alternately.Buoyed by almost 10,000 footfalls during three-days of the Auto Expo, principal secretary industries P K Dash informed that support would be extended to businessmen interested in attending expos across the country and world. He expects nearly 200 representatives to take part the next auto expo.The students from various engineering colleges in the capital also attended the exhibition. \"It is an opportunity for us to understand the industry requirements,\" Sanjay Chowdhary, a third-year engineering student said.According to MPTRIFAC, a similar three-day expo for textiles, pharmaceuticals and herbal manufacturers would be held in Indore from March 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998582", "title": "New Prasar Bharati CEO promises DD, AIR revamp", "text": "NEW DELHI: Signaling sweeping changes in the current scheme of things, Prasar Bharati CEO Jawhar Sircar, who took over on Wednesday, said that his priority would be to \"spice up\" the news screen while focusing on personnel issues. Sircar, a 1975 IAS officer, who has held the position of Union culture secretary till now, also indicated that digitization of Doordarshan and All India Radio would be high on his agenda.Sircar told TOI, \"We are high on content but I think we can use technology to spice up the screen so people will gravitate to it.\" He added that filing up of key vacancies amounting to 2,000-3,000 posts would have to be filled up immediately or the organization will overstrain itself.Now, there is a shortage of about 14,000 people in the national broadcaster. Referring to unfilled posts, he said, \"I have been told that there are nearly 14,000 vacancies if you take the original sanction\" and added that a task force had re-evaluated the number of critical posts to be filled up immediately.When questioned on the financial burden that the public broadcaster had on the public exchequer Sircar said that \"re-visioning\" of Prasar Bharati was a two-way process and could only be done through a system of rewarding those who worked hard.Sircar succeeds B S Lalli, whose tenure ended in the wake of allegations of irregularities. In the interim period, Rajiv Takru, additional secretary in I&B; ministry, was holding the additional charge.Sircar has been culture secretary since 2008 and has overseen several new initiatives including opening of the new wing of the National Gallery of Modern Art and hosting of iconic exhibitions like that of artist Anish Kapoor.He has been actively associated with many cultural and academic bodies like the Asiatic Society, the Victoria Memorial, the Centre for Archaeological Studies, the Kolkata Museum of Modern Art and the Indian Anthropological Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11998404", "title": "Bihar CM's development claims mere illusion: Leader of Opposition", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar is showing bioscope to people with illusory pictures of state's development, said the leader of opposition in Bihar assembly, Abdul Bari Siddiqui, during his speech on the motion of thanks on the governor's address to the joint sitting of the two Houses of state legislature.Launching a broadside against the government, he said the government has failed on all fronts - in checking crimes, corruption or scams; in implementing various schemes launched in the name of chief minister; and fulfilling the plethora of assurances given by the CM. At the recently-concluded 'Global Summit on Changing Bihar', the participants spoke only lies. Even some of the participants wondered how the state would develop with acute shortage of power and poor infrastructure, he said.He said in all 37 schemes were going on in the name of chief minister, of which only two schemes were being monitored by BJP ministers. Siddiqui asked what was the fate of CM LAD scheme. How much money has been spent on it? He said the governor, during his last address to the joint sitting of the state legislature had said that super specialty hospital would be opened in each district. Has any such hospital been opened? he asked.\"The government had assured to appoint over 12,000 Urdu teachers. Now, the number has been reduced to 4,000. In UNDP's report, Bihar figured at the bottom. This is development!,\" Siddiqui remarked. If the functioning of schools is probed, mega scams would be unfolded. There was loot of money in midday meal scheme and zero tolerance on corruption was a mirage, he said.\"You must visit slums of the state capital to see whether development has taken shape in the state,\" Siddiqui told the CM. Quoting the crime data provided by the police headquarters, he said that crime has risen, and alleged that Yadavs were being singled out as criminals. Not even a day passes when the incidents of murder, dacoity, rape and loot across the state do not hog the headlines, he added.Earlier, Lesie Singh (JD-U) initiated the debate. Sanjay Saraogi (BJP) and Poonam Devi (JDU) also participated in the debate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12002930", "title": "Pre-nuptial guidance for girls in Malappuram", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The district panchayat has decided to give free pre-marital counselling to all girls in the district. The decision was taken at a special meeting of the officials representing different departments, at the chamber of district panchayat president on Wednesday.The programme will be implemented with the support of education department, ICDS, social welfare department, Nehru Yuvakendra, health department and the department of local self-government.District panchayat president Zuhara Mambad has asked all the departments associated with the programme to submit a detailed report on the counselling and other welfare programmes which are currently being carried out for the girls.The counseling classes are intended to strengthen marriages and family relationships by removing lack of scientific knowledge about sex, childbirth, and marital affairs.Zuhara Mambad said opposition would come from various corners as early marriage is a common practice in the district. \"But we will go forward with the step that can bring a very positive change in the society. At present, many departments are organizing number of awareness classes under various schemes for adolescent girls. But we realized that the awareness campaigns are not only the solution for the issues related to the marital relationship and divorces. We will focus on specific issues like sexual relationship and family life,\" she said.We are expecting that majority of the family issues which are commonly ended up in divorce can be solved by the premarital counseling programme classes.In the initial stage we will give counselling programme only for the girls and later it will be extended to men, she said. The mode of the counseling classes and other details of the programme would be finalized in the next meeting that will be convened after receiving the reports.P Anilkumar, district coordinator of the Nehru Yuvakendra (NYK), said as the early marriage and child marriage are sensitive issues in the district, there could be stiff resistance from various quarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11999215", "title": "I was abused, assaulted: Saif Ali Khan", "text": "MUMBAI: There was an ugly incident last night where my friends and the ladies with us were abused and I was assaulted. I was hit and I defended myself. I have been to the police station to answer the requirements of law as I am a law-abiding citizen. I have also filed a complaint about what happened last night and I am confident justice will be done. I have seen the interviews given on TV and they look like decent people and I cannot believe that the same people were so aggressive the night before and the lies that they are saying about me with such straight faces. I think they have the CCTV footage in the restaurant that will prove everything. I hope the media is able to remain impartial while the matter is being decided. I don't think any gentleman would have behaved differently.(As told to TOI's Bharati Dubey)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001774", "title": "Baasha 2 in Kannada", "text": "Rajinikanth's superhit film Baasha is likely to have a sequel in the near future.However, the film will be primarily made in Kannada, and star Sudeep in all likelihood as its lead actor. However, whether Baasha 2 will also have a Tamil version and who will star in it is a question that cannot be answered now. We hear that late Vishnuvardhan's Kotigobba, the Kannada remake of the flick, will soon have a sequel. And the big news is that Suresh Krissna, who directed the original in Tamil, is being approached to helm this Kannada flick. Suresh says, \"Yes, we're thinking about making a sequel. But, it's still a long way off.\" Interestingly, the filmmaker - who last did Aarumugam starring Bharath and Priyamani in Tamil - is now busy with a 3D Kannada film titled Katari Veera Sura Sundarangi, starring Upendra and Divya Spandana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12002454", "title": "'Buy a CC' to fund Manipal varsity students\u2019 Formula car", "text": "MANGALORE: 'Buy a CC', the unique fund raising programme launched by the Formula Manipal Team of Manipal University succeeds in attracting more than 200 sponsors within a year. Sponsors have already taken nearly 250 CCs to support the project of the Manipal Institute of Technology students, who are developing a formula car with 600 CC Honda CBR engine. Students have set a goal of attracting people to buy sponsorship for all the 600 CCs of their project car. Each CC is offered at $25 or Rs 1,000 and interested persons can sponsor the project by paying amount through cheques, bank transfers, cash deposit or drafts. In addition to a token of appreciation and a receipt, sponsors will get up to date information about the team's progress. Formula Manipal team manager Jimmy Cherian said, \"Our project needs lots of funding. The university has been supporting the project till date.We started the new campaign to achieve the goal of financial self-sustainability. The campaign was stated in March last year. The letters CC here represent cubic centimeter, the unit of the capacity of the engine we use\" Cherian added that the team would give gifts to the sponsors who buy two or more CCs. \"While sponsors who buy two CCs will be given a key ring, those who take 20 CCs will be gifted a key ring, pen, mug, diary, T-shirt, planner and bag as gifts. The response is very good and we hope to sell all the CCs before our next mission is completed,\" Cherian said.Formula Manipal team sends copies of the monthly newsletters to all sponsors and their names are also being posted on the team's website. \"Sponsors will be invited for all Formula Manipal events including the official launch of the new car,\" he added.Since its inception in 2008, the team has taken part in events like, Ferrari Fiorano Track, Maranello, Italy in 2008, Silverstone F1 Track, Silverstone, United Kingdom in 2009, Wachauring, Melk, Austria in 2010 and Riccardo Paletti Circuit, Parma, Italy in 2011. In its fifth year of inception, the team members are looking forward to participate in FS Germany 2013, Cherian said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002010", "title": "Salman or SRK in Akshay's film", "text": "Looks like Bollywood is on a detox. So after sizzling hot Ooh La La songs and pahua-parties with Chameli, we have two major religious films lined up this year. One of them, is Akki's home production, Oh My God.While there is much speculation about the character of God, zoOm's sources have learned that Akki himself is a wee bit busy for the film, and is considering Salman and SRK for the part. And who better than these Gods of stardom, to step into the shoes? Whoever claims the part has our blessings. Keep reading this space for the religious revelation! For more Bollywood news and gossip, keep watching Planet Bollywood News every night at 7, only on zoOm - India's No.1 Bollywood channel.(Contributed by Madhureeta Mukherjee and Nihit Bhave for zoOm)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12002638", "title": "Mono rail project for Indore gets going", "text": "INDORE: Engineering Projects India Limited (EPIL) made a presentation before the Indore Municipal Corporation on Wednesday for a mono rail project in the city. The proposed mono rail may cost around Rs 140 croroes per kilometer.General manager of EPIL, S K Jain made an elaborate presentation before the senior officials of civic body. Following the presentation the Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe asked the company officials to carry out a survey of the city and present a report for further deliberation.Mayor said that project is at a very initial stage and let the company present its feasibility report on which the civic body will take further decision.The report will identify the routes and total cost of project. It is to be noted that state government has already given its approval for metro rail in the city and Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) is under progress. Official said that city needs different modes of public transport to meet the future requirements. They also said that all these public transport systems will compliment each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11998387", "title": "Patna flyers feel pinch on pockets as air fares soar high", "text": "PATNA: Flyers from the city and other parts of the state are feeling the pinch on their pockets as air fares have soared northwards in the recent days. The crisis being faced by the Kingfisher Airlines (KA) and higher demand in the run up to Holi have fuelled an over 35% to 45% increase in air fare on various sectors from the state capital, according to travel agents here.A same day booking on Delhi-Patna-Delhi flight currently costs Rs 13,000 to Rs 14,000. Ten days ago, the same would cost around Rs 8,000 to Rs 9, 000, a travel agent told TOI. Similarly, booking on a Delhi-Patna-Delhi flight 10 days in advance currently costs around Rs 4500 (base price). The same ticket would cost around Rs 3000 before the KA crisis involving cancellation of a large number of its flights flared up.Sanjeev Sinha, a senior travel agent, said: \"Recently air fare on the Patna-Ranchi sector has nearly doubled. A ticket which would cost Rs 2,500 to Rs 3000 some days ago is today, on an average, costing somewhere around Rs 4500 to Rs 5000.\"Apart from KA fiasco, travel agents say, limited number of flights from the city airport is also fuelling this air fare rise. \"In October-November, there were a total of nine flights on Patna-Delhi sector. Currently, there are only five flights. Several flights which were cancelled during winter are yet to be resumed,\" said Kumud Ranjan, in-charge, international desk, of a travel agency.On Delhi-Patna-Delhi sector, a total of four flights are under suspension. KA's morning and evening flights, Go Air's morning flight and Jet Lite's evening flight are yet to be resumed. There are only two flights on the Patna-Ranchi sector.Besides, there are currently three flights for Kolkata, two for Lucknow, four for Mumbai, two for Ahmedabad and Bangalore, and one each for Indore, Pune and Goa.A further spurt in fares may be in offing, said Rajesh Kumar, another senior travel agent. \"Holi will push up prices to still higher levels,\" he told TOI.Given the recent large-scale cancellation of KA flights across the country, the number of flyers wanting to take a Kingfisher flight has nosedived,\" said U N Mishra, a senior travel agent. \"If 10 people would wish to fly Kingfisher a fortnight ago, today only one person wishes to fly Kingfisher,\" said Sanjeev Sinha.All my clients have got their KA tickets cancelled, said Rajesh Kumar. \"The demand can be gauged from the fact that a Go Air ticket for Mumbai on Wednesday was having a price tag of Rs 22,000,\" he stated and said, \"The fares may shoot up between Rs 22,000 to Rs 25,000 on Patna-Mumbai sector.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12002120", "title": "Grocer robbed of Rs 5 lakh", "text": "HYDERABAD: Thieves struck at two places in the city and escaped with valuables worth Rs 5.2 lakh on Wednesday.A 38-year-old grocery store owner, Anandam, went to Andhra Bank at Bhagyanagar Colony, KPHB, to deposit Rs five lakh. Anandam parked his scooter in front of the bank and took out a polythene bag containing the cash from his vehicle dickey.\"As soon as he took out the bag, two bike-borne miscreants stopped next to him and the pillion rider snatched the cash bag from Anandam,\" KPHB inspector G Baswa Reddy told TOI. After snatching the cash bag, the duo fled on the bike towards Erragadda. Police said that the duo were in their early twenties and were riding a black bike.In another incident, thieves attacked a 32-year-old housewife with a pair of scissors when she was alone at her house at Jawahar Nagar before robbing her of her two-tola gold chain. The victim, Godavari Devi, is a resident of Balaji Nagar at Jawahar Nagar. According to Alwal inspector B Pushpan Kumar, the assault happened at 9.30 am when Devi was preparing lunch. \"The two thieves attacked Devi with scissors. They relieved her of her gold chain when she fell unconscious from the wound she suffered on her neck in the attack,\" the inspector added.Her neighbours who found her in an unconscious state one hour after the attack rushed her to a nearby hospital. Police said that she was out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11998923", "title": "MNS may put up Dere as mayor", "text": "NASHIK: With the post of Nashik mayor being declared for the open category, speculations have started doing the round of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena corporators for the post. With MNS chief Raj Thackeray announcing last Sunday that the mayor of Nashik would be from his party, the mantle may fall on the party's city chief, Sujata Dere.On Wednesday evening, the post of Nashik mayor was declared for open category winners after a draw of lottery took place at Mantralaya to decide on it.MNS emerged as the single largest party with 40 seats in the 122-member house of the Nashik Municipal Corporation.MNS leaders say that there are many good candidates in the city who can be considered for the post, but reckon that Dere, who won from prabhag 24 under the open category, is the strongest contender for mayor.Others in the fray include Ashok Murtadak from prabhag 7, Surekha Bhosale and Yatin Wagh from prabhag 13 A and B, respectively, Shashikant Jadhav from prabhag 18, Gulzar Kokni from prabhag 39 and Hemant Godse from prabhag 61.\"None of them have claimed the post as yet. MLA Vasant Gite would be shortlisting some of the candidates and sending it to Raj Thackeray for approval. The final decision will be taken by him,\" said a senior MNS leader, adding that unless some other political party decides to support a strong candidate for the post of mayor, the mayor will be from MNS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12002700", "title": "Workshop on adventure sports at University Mountaineering Centre", "text": "VARANASI: To equip the adventure sports lovers and professionals with the latest development in the field of mountaineering and allied sports, the University Mountaineering Centre, (UMC), Banaras Hindu University (BHU), is organising a seven-day national workshop on 'Adventure Sports' and 'Certificate Course in Mountaineering and Allied Sports' from February 23 to 29 at the UMC.Giving this information to media persons on Wednsday, Prof R G Singh, workshop director, and Dr T Onima Reddy, joint organising secretary said over 250 delegates from different states of the country had confirmed their participation.Padma Shree Santosh Yadav, first lady Everester (twice), A C Pokhariyal, 7UP Naval Unit NCC, BHU, Prof Sushma Ghildyal, department of physical education, Dr Subhash Chandra Yadav, regional archaeology officer along with many others will be present on the occasion.According to Reddy, valuable information related to adventure sports like rafting, paragliding, rock climbing will also be discussed on the occasion in lecture as well as practical sessions. The finer points of mountaineering and allied sports will be demonstrated at the UMC Complex of BHU.According to Reddy, a one-day exhibition related to mountaineering, flora fauna of the mountains, adventure sports, achievements of UMC, will also be held at exhibition hall of faculty of Visual Arts, BHU on February 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12003490", "title": "Obama proposes new tax to curb outsourcing", "text": "WASHINGTON: Stepping up his tirade against outsourcing in the election-year, US President Barack Obama has proposed to establish a new minimum tax on foreign earnings to discourage large US firms from shipping jobs to countries like India.The proposed move would make it a bit tough for US multinationals to ship jobs overseas and will give incentives to those who bring operations back into the US.Obama's proposal is part of a larger tax plan that is central to his re-election strategy at a time when thousands of Americans are jobless.The Treasury Department said that the US business tax system does too little to encourage job creation and investment in the US and creates too many opportunities that encourage shifting production and profits overseas.Obama is also proposing that companies will no longer be allowed to claim tax deductions for moving their operations abroad.At the same time, to help bring jobs home, the President is proposing to give a 20 per cent income tax credit for the expenses of moving operations back into the United States .In a statement, Obama said the current corporate tax system is outdated, unfair, and inefficient.\"It provides tax breaks for moving jobs and profits overseas and hits companies that choose to stay in America with one of the highest tax rates in the world. It is unnecessarily complicated and forces America's small businesses to spend countless hours and dollars filing their taxes,\" he said adding that this needs to change.He said the tax system should not give companies an incentive to locate production overseas or engage in accounting games to shift profits abroad, eroding the US tax base.\"Introducing the principle of a minimum tax on foreign earnings would help address these problems and discourage a global race to the bottom in tax rates,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002817", "title": "Aadesh Choudhary quits smoking", "text": "Television actor Aadesh Choudhary known for his stint as Deegu in 'Laagi Tujhse Lagan' is the latest actor to join the 'I quit smoking' league.The actor who is serious about his work and wants to go all the way to make it big in his career, does not want to fall short anywhere anymore - be it working towards a fitter body or a healthier lifestyle.'I had zero stamina'\"I realised I had zero stamina while shooting the fight scenes in my show - I would be short of breath within minutes of a shot. When I joined the gym I just couldn't do the treadmill for more than a few minutes at a time. That was a wake up call was for me. I knew I had to follow a healthier lifestyle and diet,\" says Aadesh.'Ek kash maarte hain'Aadesh wasn't a smoker earlier but after coming to Mumbai around five years ago he began smoking thanks to a friend and it's been five years now. For him it had all begun with \"Ek kash toh maar ke dekh lete hain,\" and now Aadesh cautions, \"You should never get into this habit because it is very difficult to quit - your body craves for nicotine, and mind reacts aggressively.\"'I fought the withdrawal symptoms'The actor confesses that when he stopped smoking, he had to combat not just the urge to smoke but all the negative reactions and withdrawal symptoms - his mood swings, his low patience, his aggressiveness towards everyone in general.Talking about how difficult it was to give up Aadesh confesses, \"I had given up smoking last year around August but then I cheated once or twice later.\"But the harmful effects of the bad habit got to him finally, and the actor says happily, \"In the last four months I have not touched cigarettes. I am working very hard on my body and diet. Being an actor I have realised that I need to be perfect and have a tough, good body and for that I need to live a healthy lifestyle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12000001", "title": "Traffic snarls again at Sikanderpur, commuters hassled", "text": "GURGAON: The partial relief commuters experienced from the traffic jam at Sikanderpur seem to be short-lived with the area again becoming a bottleneck especially during peak hours. Motorists complain that the uneven road adds to their woes and add that nothing is being done to improve the situation.\"In the past few months, the situation had improved to quite an extent but of late, things are back to what they used to be.The road near the Rapid Metro site office has become uneven and there are a few potholes which hinders the traffic flow, leading to jams. On Wednesday, there was also some sludge on the road which made matters worse,\" said Vinod Aggarwal, a daily commuter.The Rapid Metro officials however were quick to clarify that the bottleneck has not been created by them. \"Of late, there has been no change in the barricading nor is any work being carried out which require the usage of water. The road alignment too has not been altered and it would not be right to say that the traffic jam is because of us,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11999519", "title": "Treasure hunt may shake Hyderabad Birla Mandir\u2019s foundation", "text": "HYDERABAD: After four days of a much enthused excavation and geo-physical survey in search of a rather elusive treasure, Birla Temple now fears that it's standing on shaky ground. Located atop Naubat Pahad which holds the foundation of the temple, the digging has now irked the temple authorities who on Wednesday expressed their concern to state archaeology department officials asking them to give an assurance that the rock formation on which the temple stands will not be affected by any activity including a sanctioned excavation.The Birla Mandir authorities told TOI that they wrote to their head office, Hindustan Charity Trust, Kolkata two days back, informing them about the recent developments. The temple authorities said they were worried about the temple foundation developing cracks if further digging were to happen. Anticipating a long drawn-out survey followed by further excavation at the foot of the hill, the temple authorities said that they were worried about the safety of thousands of devotees who visit the temple everyday. \"Even if one rock is moved, the whole rock cluster will get affected. As temple authorities, we should be told what the survey might lead to and whether the government would take up further excavation at the foot of the hill,\" said an official from Birla Temple. The state archaeology department has dug up the foot of the hill in search of a treasure trove.Authorities further noted that Birla Mandir was a modern temple and it is very unlikely that it would have any treasure lying underneath like in the case of Padmanabha Swami temple in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala.But the archaeology department already seems worried about its tall treasure claims. Working backwards, it has now asked for ancient maps of the locality from the AP State Archives and Research Institute, something which experts say should have been sought before the digging started. And although indulging in a rather frenzied treasure hunt, P Chenna Reddy, director, state archaeology department termed the whole exercise just an \"exploration\" which need not yield any result.\"We undertake such explorations time and again. It is all in the interest of archaeological findings,\" said Reddy.The officials have also decided to rope in more bodies in the treasure hunt. Apart from National Mineral Development Corporation (NMDC) that conducted a geophysical survey of the land for the second day on Wednesday to locate the \"tunnel\", officials decided to call two national agencies, National Remote Sensing Agency (NRSA) and National Geophysical Research Institute (NGRI) to come to its rescue.NMDC officials said that as per the preliminary data reading, there could be a bunker right under the Naubat Parbat and its exact location may be confirmed in the next couple of days \"The soil density at one particular point indicates the presence of a bunker. We will be able to locate the exact position in the next couple of days. We will, however, not be able to locate any treasure, if there is one, using the equipment,\" said an NMDC official.Heritage experts, however, differed with Reddy. \"There could be many cavities, bunkers or even treasures in many parts of Hyderabad. Does that mean that the state archaeology department will start digging all the places. There is a procedure involved for such extensive search. The credibility of the informers is to be verified,\" said Sajjad Shahid, heritage expert. But officials are not overtly bothered about such concerns. Archaeology officials in a desperate attempt to locate the mouth of the \"tunnel\", ordered a clean up of a World War II bunker which they had discovered at Home Science College, Saifabad hoping that there could be an opening which leads to the foot of Naubat Parbat.The NMDC officials, however, said it was not advisable to try to find the other end of the tunnel from the Home Science College. \"There will be air shortage. It is advisable to dig right at the end of Parbat,\" said an NMDC official.Meanwhile, indicating that the gold digging might become a long drawn-out process, Chenna Reddy said NMDC officials may take more than four days to complete the survey. This has in fact created further problems for the Vidyaranya School management as the ICSE examinations are scheduled from February 27.\"We have no clear idea as to how long the activity might go on. The examinations should not be disturbed,\" said a school official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12003603", "title": "Ready reckoner based house tax from April", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation may start levying property tax on the basis of ready reckoner from April. The proposal is likely to be part of municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal's budget to be presented shortly. If the political wing does not allow it to go ahead, Jaiswal has said he would then go in for base rate system that would result in manifold rise in tax.Official sources said Jaiswal had finalized the budget for 2012-13 proposing property tax as per ready reckoner model. The revenue target has been set as per this method. The administration is desperate to hike revenue under this head as property tax collection has been badly hit in current fiscal.Moreover, state government, though a circular dated May 31, 2010, had asked all urban local bodies to levy property tax based on ready reckoner model from June 1, 2010. Chairman of standing committee Sandip Joshi had proposed it in budget of 2011-12 but it the BJP quietly dropped it later not wanting to annoy electorate in election year.\"Augmenting revenue is a must and levying property tax as per ready reckoner model is now mandatory. If it is not done, Government may not release the funds for developmental works for NMC. The property tax would have gone up three to four times under base rate method. Government stayed the model in March 2011. The stay would be deemed to be vacated if no new model is in place in three months. Under ready reckoner model, there is a cap on the tax at twice the existing amount for residential properties and three times for commercial,\" said an official.The new corporation general body has to decide the percentage to be levied on ready reckoner value of the property. The minimum percentage is 0.1% and maximum 1%. The property tax of those having property less than 500 sq ft will not increase as they have been exempted. The official said, \"there are several benefits in the model. Property tax may not increase by over 40% in next five years. That ensures no more steep hikes. The administration will propose a rate of 0.2%,\" he said.RECKONING WITH READY RECKONER* Property tax will not increase more than two times for residential and three times for commercial category* Later, there would be no hike beyond 40% in next five years* No increase in tax for properties up to 500 sq ft carpet area* Tax will be 0.1% to 1% on ready reckoner value of a property. Rate to be decided by the general body* Administration will propose to levy 0.2% on ready reckoner value", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998552", "title": "Folk to ghazal, Karan Singh on song at his musical debut", "text": "NEW DELHI: Before he took the stage to sing some of his favourite songs, Karan Singh was careful not to strain his voice. He spoke little and had hot tea to soothe this throat. \"Singers should never drink anything cold,\" he said.If he was apprehensive about performing before a dedicated audience for the first time, he concealed it well. He showed remarkable composure for somebody who calls himself an \"amateur musician\".The performance at Azad Bhavan was another accomplishment for Singh, who already has the distinction of being an MP, cultural ambassador, author, scholar and president of Indian Council of Cultural Relations. He said he was virtually bullied into performing by Dr Suresh Goel, director general, ICCR.He selected some of his favourite Faiz ghazals in honour of his centennial, Dogri folk songs, and classical songs for the performance on Wednesday evening. The event was graced by Gursharan Kaur, wife of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , and a singer herself. The approximately 30-minute recital, preceded by ghazals sung by vocalist Dr Radhika Chopra, began with a Ganesha stuti-where Singh was perched on a wooden chair, sitar in hand, and surrounded by tabla, sarangi and harmonium players. He effortlessly moved from one song to another - with occasional sips of tea - like he was born to perform.Right from childhood at his royal home in Jammu - he was heir apparent to Maharaja Hari Singh of Jammu and Kashmir - to this day, music has played a big role in his life. \"My mother used to sing a lot of folk songs as well as devotional songs when she performed aarti, and that's how my love for music began,\" he says.At 12, he began taking vocal lessons from Pandit Uma Dutt Sharma, father of santoor maestro Shiv Kumar Sharma. \"He used to be a pujari at a temple in Jammu,\" he says.He discontinued his lessons long time back, but makes it a point to practise classical music once a week- from 7.30pm to 8.30pm in a small library at home on Tuesday. While his choice of songs at the event and training in Hindustani classical music, reveal his passion for the genre, he is equally fond of western pop and rock music.\"I was supposed to give a speech at Sonawar, where my children were studying, and instead I sang the song Wooden Heart by Elvis,\" he says, chuckling. He's come a long way as a musician since that impromptu performance almost three decades ago. Over the years, he has sung informally at a few events. His performance on Wednesday was not just his first true recital, but also the first by any ICCR president.And that's something that sets him apart - at 80, he still believes in firsts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11997890", "title": "Govt wants more liquor vends to mop up revenue", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has decided to write to DDA for opening of more liquor shops in commercial areas after it found the national capital had a much higher proportion of those who consumed alcohol as against the number of liquor shops.Finding the proportion of Delhi's drinking population much higher for the number of liquor shops available in the city, the Delhi government has decided to write to the Delhi Development Authority (DDA) seeking opening of more liquor shops in its commercial areas.Besides writing to DDA, the government is also planning to come up with government-run liquor shops in Delhi's up market as well as resettled colonies.\"The plan is to curb the sale of illicit liquor through illegal vends across the city and also to increase revenue from its sale, which we have been losing out to neighbouring states,\" said chief minister Sheila Dikshit after chairing a cabinet meeting on Wednesday.Dikshit, however, has left it to the excise department to decide on the details of the project.\"We have given it a go and now it is for the department concerned to work out the other details,\" she said.Sources said there was consensus in the cabinet on the need for having more liquor shops. To deal with issues related with toxic and cheap liquor the government has decided to come out with 34 liquor vends in resettlement colonies. These vends, however, will only be selling country-made liquor supplied by the government.Also, the cabinet has approved a long-pending proposal to set up exclusive dialysis centres in six major hospitals. According to the proposal, around 100 machines will be installed under public-private partnership.\"The objective is to provide state-of-the-art dialysis facilities to patients at an affordable cost. The cabinet has given its nod to a proposal in selected government hospitals,\" Dikshit said.Health minister A K Walia said the aim is to ensure kidney patients do not have to spend a lot of money in private hospitals for dialysis.The sources said around 8,000 patients need dialysis at any point of time in the city out of which around 300 are from outside Delhi. The cabinet has also decided to offer dialysis facilities to the poor either free of cost or at a nominal fee.Dialysis facilities are available only at Lok Nayak and GTB hospitals.The cabinet has also cleared a proposal to enhance the limit of cashless facility for Delhi based freedom fighters and their family member. Also, they would now be able to avail of medical facilities in 11 more super-specialty hospitals apart from the existing 25 in Delhi.\"The cabinet has approved a hike in the limit of cashless facility from Rs1 lakh to Rs 2 lakh and addition of 11 super-specialty hospitals in Delhi and NCR in the approved list of 25 hospitals. The decision will help former freedom fighters to get the benefit of specialized treatment,\" Dikshit added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12001180", "title": "Dumper scam: HC summons record of Lokayukta probe", "text": "BHOPAL: The controversial 'dumper scam,' with alleged involvement of chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and his wife, resurfaced again with the state high court summoning the entire record pertaining to the investigations by the Lokayukta. Earlier, Lokayukta had filed a closure report which was approved by a special court in August last year.A division bench comprising Justice Rakesh Saksena and Justice M A Siddiqui summoned the closure report, filed by the Lokayukta, its enclosures and investigating officer's diary after the motion hearing on a petition filed by a Congress leader Ramesh K Sahu challenging the lower court order which gave a clean chit to chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and his wife Sadhna Singh for their alleged role in the 'dumper scam'.Congress has been raising the 'dumper scam' since long and the opposition party had even picked up a tussle with the Lokayukta, questioning the procedures adopted for the selection of Justice P P Naolekar as state's anti-corruption ombudsman. Congress legislator Dr Kalpana Parulekar is in judicial custody since her arrest early this month on charges of 'morphing' and displaying a photograph of Justice Naolekar showing him in RSS uniform.In August last year, a district court in Bhopal had given a clean chit to Chouhan and his wife and ordered to close the dumper scam case. The Lokayukta report, submitted before the court in February last year, had observed that the investigators could not find any basis on which the Chief Minister and his wife could be charged, hence giving them a clean-chit.\"For me, high court summoning the enclosures of Lokayukta's closure report is significant as my efforts to get them had went in vain\", petitioner Ramesh K Sahu told TOI over telephone. Lawyers Ajay Gupta and G S Ahluwalia argued on behalf of the petitioner while Lokayukta counsel Adtiya Adhikari appeared for anti-corruption ombudsman.Background:The 'dumper scam' case has its origin in 2007 when a local court, acting on the complaint of Congress leader and lawyer Ramesh K Sahu, had ordered an inquiry into the complaint that Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan had allegedly misused his positions by renting out dumper trucks in 2066, registered in his wife's name, to an industrial group as a quid pro quo for allotting out of turn mining leases.The case against Chouhan and others was registered following the special court order under section 420 of IPC and relevant sections of Prevention of Corruption Act on November 15, 2007 in Bhopal. Lokayukta registered a case in 2007 and later submitted a report stating that no case could be framed against the accused. In August, a Lokayukta special court closed the case.Subsequently, the Congress leader moved the high court with a criminal revision petition, challenging the closure of the case and seeking a probe by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) into the dumper scam. The petition contended that the Special Police Establishment (SPE) of the Lokayukta did not investigate into the case properly as its Superintendent of Police (SP) services condition was governed by the state government with Chouhan at the helm of affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002910", "title": "FB profile predicts your job performance", "text": "The idea of a potential boss trawling through your drunken pictures on Facebook can be a source of great fear, but according to a new study your profile can be used to quickly predict if you'll be a good worker or a straight-A student.The study is part of a U.S. study, which found that employers are able to tell how good you will be at a job based on your Facebook profile, the Daily Mail reported.For the study, the researchers considered photos, hobbies and a person's number of friends before answering questions such as \"how dependable is this person?\"They found that there was a strong correlation between someone's job success and certain characteristics displayed on a Facebook page.These included a high number of friends, a wide range of interests and photographs showing far-flung travels, as these demonstrate agreeability.Researchers also found that photographs of partying were overall seen to be positive as it showed the person was more sociable and extroverted.The study, carried out by Northeastern Illinois University, the University of Evansville and Auburn University , asked a professor and two students to look through the profiles of 56 employed students.They looked at each profile for 10 minutes and considered information such as pictures, comments, friends and interests.According to the Wall Street Journal , they then answered questions about the person's personality, such as \"Is this person dependable?\" and \"How emotionally stable is this person?\"Six months later, the results were compared with employee evaluations from the students' supervisors.The researchers found a strong connection between job performance and the scores for traits including conscientiousness, agreeability and curiosity.Results showed that there was a connection between high scores in these areas and the person's success in the working world.The findings come amid reports that employers could ask candidates for their Facebook passwords.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998487", "title": "\u2018Handlers wanted to cloak 26/11 terrorists identity\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Maharashtra government on Wednesday told the Supreme Court that the Pakistani handlers of 26/11 terrorists intended to camouflage their identity by providing them Indian identity documents and demanding through an Indian TV channel for withdrawal of Army from Kashmir to portray the attack as an indigenous expression of dissent by Kashmiris against the Indian government.Appearing for the Maharashtra government, senior advocate Gopal Subramaniam and prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam, read out the transcripts of intercepted conversation between the Pakistani handlers and the 10 terrorists, who wrecked mayhem in Mumbai, to attempt driving home the point that though the conspirators were operating from Pakistan, they were making every attempt to hide the terrorists' and the country's identity.A bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Chandramauli Kumar Prasad said it would like to view the 26/11-related CCTV footage as well as listen to the recorded conversation between the terrorists and their handlers.On request of amicus curiae Raju Ramachandran, the senior advocate who argued for life sentence for lone surviving gunman Kasab, the judges agreed to do it on Thursday in their chamber rather than in the open court. Both in the trial court and the Bombay High Court, the CCTV footage and recorded intercepts were played in the open court.Subramaniam said each of the ten terrorists were provided a Chinese-make Nokia mobile set with the instruction to switch it on after reaching the Indian shores. Police, who could recover only five sets, discovered from the IMEI number that all sets came from Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11998756", "title": "2 gangs nabbed during routine patrolling in city", "text": "NASHIK: The city police recently caught two criminal gangs red-handed during routine patrolling that has been intensified in the city.On Tuesday afternoon, the Satpur police arrested six miscreants who were preparing for an armed dacoity at Isaar petrol pump on the Ambad Link Road. Deputy commissioner of police D S Swami said, \"The accused were getting ready to loot the petrol pump when they were nabbed by the Satpur police. The police recovered two air guns, a three-ft long sword and a knuckle duster.The arrested have been identified as Jaydev Sadavarte (20), who is a rickshaw driver, Rajesh Dongre (20), a labourer, Kailas Bhujbal (28), a labourer, Ankush Dongare, (19), a truck driver, Ravi Kamble (26), a labourer and Shashikant Kadam (40), a building material supplier.In another case, the Devlali Camp police recovered 13 domestic LPG gas cylinders from three men who were nabbed during routine night patrolling on February 15.Nitin Kangare (19), Ganesh Mandlik (21) and Lakhan Rokade (22), all residents of Sanjay Gandhi Nagar slum, were found attempting to commit a burglary in the Devlali Camp area when patrolling policemen nabbed them. A day before, the culprits had stolen goods worth Rs 20,000.Apart from the 13 LPG cylinders, the police also recovered a music system, a cassette player and an LCD TV totally worth Rs 48,000.Senior PI at Devlali Camp police station A T Powar said that the accused stole gas cylinders from nearby areas and used to sell them in the slum they resided, as and when required. He added that once the investigation was over, the cylinders would be returned to their respective owners.Powar added that late on February 20, the police nabbed a chain-snatcher, Francis Gomes, from his residence on Anand Road behind Balwant Plaza. Powar said Gomes is wanted in 18-19 cases of chain-snatching and the police had been trying to track him down for a long time. Powar said further investigations were on.Over the past few weeks, the police have focused their attention on history-sheeters. While nakabandis and police patrolling have been increased, every police station is also said to have made a list of the top twenty criminals in their jurisdiction and are keeping track of their whereabouts and activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12002509", "title": "State govt seeks report on horticulture sector", "text": "PUNE: The state government has asked officials of the agriculture department to compile a detailed report of the horticulture sector in the state. The report, once ready, would act as a supporting document for the Union agriculture ministry while drafting a policy for the sector. Maharashtra has about 6.13 lakh hectare land under horticulture, the highest in the country.The year 2012-13 is being observed as the 'horticulture year'. As part of the year-long programme, a policy will be drafted for promoting horticulture, bringing more land under horticulture and imparting knowledge about good agricultural practices to farmers. Also on cards is setting up of post-harvest chain that will have modern processing technology and training for labourers in packing and grading the produce, among other things.Director of state horticulture department D G Bakwad said, \"Unless we have a detailed report on horticulture sector in the state, no demand pertaining to funds for infrastructure development can be placed before the Union government. The total area under horticulture in the country is 37.93 lakh hectare, of which 6.13 lakh hectare is in Maharashtra - the highest in the country. Grape, pomegranate, banana, orange, mango and cashew are the major horticultural crops in fruit category. There are also polyhouses that grow flowers like roses, gerbera, carnation and orchids.\"\"Once the Union budget is out, we will start gathering data with detailed reports on fruits, vegetables, flowers and spice cultivation. Information about existing post-harvesting centres like cold storage, cooling centres, grading and packing equipment for graded produce will be collected. As post-harvest infrastructure is a new sector in agriculture, it can process only a limited produce. A policy to set up post-harvest infrastructure can be drafted by the Union government to limit wastage of produce,\" Bakwad said.Compared to conventional foodgrain farming, where prices are controlled by the government, horticulture has proved beneficial for growers, said sources in the state agriculture secretariat. \"Investment in horticulture is high but returns are lucrative. Fruits like grapes, pomegranate have crossed a turnover of Rs 500 crore and Rs 200 crore respectively in recent years. If processing and supply chain for vegetables and other produce are set up, it will increase the income of farmers. Of the total production, at least 30% is lost in transportation and bad handling. These losses can be reduced with the help of standardized supply chain which will also enable farmers to supply produce to distant markets where demand is high,\" sources said.Horticulture is more labour-intensive as compared to conventional farming. Hence people who do not have skills to work in industries can work in horticulture sectors, Bakwad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002870", "title": "Malayalam song on BBC Radio", "text": "BBC Radio 3 had a surprise for its listeners some days back. A Malayalam song was aired on the station, for the first time in its history.The song was none other than 'Madi Madi' from the upcoming Malayalam movie GoodBye December, composed and sung by the Shillong Chamber Choir.It was chosen to be played as part of an interview of Neil Nongkynrih, the conductor of the Shillong Chamber Choir, of whom Aled Jones , the host of the show, is an old friend.\"It was a double delight since Radio 3 has a reputation of playing only western classical or related music and interviews,\" said Neil.The interview, which mentioned the Malayalam movie and the choir's part in it, concluded with the statement that the listeners would be hearing more from them soon.All the songs in the movie have been composed by Neil and sung by the choir. Choir members William and Iba have lent their voices to the Madi Madi song, accompanied by the rest of the choir.Though it has a distinctly western flavour, Madi Madi has already reached a nearly 20,000 hit on youtube and has got rave reviews.GoodBye December is a romantic musical directed by first timer Sajeed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002132", "title": "'Mollywood is a hero-centric industry'", "text": "Actresses who have chosen to stick on in Mollywood are paid way lesser than what imports from other industries take homeNo actress on the Mollywood screen has managed to bag a 40 lakh deal for a film here. Though, this cut off amount may come as a surprise to Malayali actresses who may have hit their all-time high with as much as 15 lakh. Malayalam films that star actresses, who are not from Kerala, tend to put together a budget of 30 to 40 lakh - which goes towards remuneration, accommodation at a star hotel, and maybe even a caravan that is hired exclusively for the actress. And local heroines who have dared to demand the same don't seem to remain in the picture for too long.An insider reasons, \"The screen presence of actresses from other industries is palpable. Think of all the bubbly characters in Malayalam, and they would all be non-Malayalis. The level of professionalism that they display is also amazing, something which no Malayali actress can match. Can you think of one actress from here who can replace Jayaprada in Blessy's Pranayam?\"Debutant director Sajeed has just signed on two new heroines from outside Kerala for his film. \"I chose non-Malayalis because the script demanded it,\" he says diplomatically. \"It is a pan Indian movie, and doesn't really need an actress with a Malayali look. Though, there is no dearth of talent here,\" he says.Industry experts also point out that the Malayalam film industry is such a respected one that actresses are eager to work here. \"There may be a few actresses from outside who do make huge demands. But a lot of them don't mind a smaller pay pack just to be a part of at least one Malayalam film, as that is something that will look good on their profile. Getting them to star in a second film becomes almost impossible,\" says a director who does not wish to be named.However, Mollywood producers are also known to shell out money if the star happens to be a comeback queen like Nayathara who allegedly took 30 lakh for Bodyguard. Director Padmakumar points out, \"No successful heroine stays on in Kerala. They tend to migrate to other languages. And directors have no time to hunt for new faces, which is why it is convenient to bring in known faces from other industry, even if it means spending a little more than necessary.\"Director V K Prakash explains, \"Mollywood is a hero-centric industry, and actresses are almost never the highlight. But if someone like Manju Warrier had continued to act, she would have commanded the kind of price that some of the biggest actors in Mollywood do.\" Till date, Meera Jasmine, who is currently not active on the big screen, was the highest paid Malayali actress for her role in Mohabbath with a remuneration that was close to 30 lakh. A senior production controller says, \"The fact that she has not been able to sign on any film here lately may have something to do with her sky-high remuneration. Actress Bhavana is slowly getting there too, and may soon find herself without many offers in Malayalam.\" Actress Kavya Madhavan is allegedly the highest earner among Malayali actresses, with her remuneration hitting close to 20 lakh. There's also actress Mamta Mohandas who is rumoured to be taking home anywhere between 15 and 20 lakh for each film. Even well-known actresses like Samvrutha Sunil and Rima Kallingal find it tough to break through the 10 lakh limit, as they are rumoured to be charging anywhere between 5 and 8 lakh.Contributed by Asha Prakash &amp; Sanjith Sidhardhan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998664", "title": "'Maran kept pricing out of GoM's purview'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Terms of reference of the group of ministers on spectrum were altered to exclude pricing on the insistence of then telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran in 2006 and the decision was taken at the \"highest level\" in consultation with the prime minister, the Joint Parliamentary Committee on telecom was told on Wednesday.Deposing before the JPC, Trai chairman J S Sarma, who is a former telecom secretary, said Maran objected when the TOR was at the draft stage but his views were not reflected in the formal notification that included pricing. But he prevailed on the PM to have his way and made pricing the preserve of the telecom ministry.Asked whether as secretary, he objected to the change in terms as the Cabinet decision of 2003 clearly stated that pricing was to be decided by the telecom ministry in consultation with finance ministry, Sarma is understood to have told the committee that the decision was taken at the highest level.BJP member Ravi Shankar Prasad's query on when the TOR was altered revealed that Maran had objected at the draft stage itself but was overruled and then managed to have his way. Sarma also expressed familiarity with Maxis , the firm allegedly favoured by Maran. Former Aircel chief C Sivasankaran claimed he was arm-twisted to sell out to Maxis.Sources said all documents available with the JPC indicated that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had acquiesced to Maran's demand, a decision many feel allowed the telecom ministry to act in a unilateral manner in ignoring suggestions that entry price be revised or the matter be scrutinized by a GoM.Congress member Manish Tewari asked Sarma about provisions regarding the need to consult the Telecom Commission on policy and other issues. The Trai chairperson said this was not always necessary and turned to past instances as well. Tewari's argument sought to counter the charge that jailed former telecom minister A Raja had committed a serious error in not taking the 2G licence policy to the Telecom Commission.As the telecom secretary is also a member of the Telecom Commission, Sarma said there was precedence that the commission need not be consulted on every occasion.\"As told to the committee by the witness, this is the background (consultation between Maran and PM) on change in the ToR... the DoT prevailed on the PM and that is the reason why...,\" JPC chairperson P C Chacko said.Chacko said the original notification issued by the cabinet secretariat on the GoM on February 23, 2006 included spectrum pricing policy as one of the TORs. Sarma was also grilled on the delay in processing of applications for licences during his tenure of little over a year as secretary, DoT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11999162", "title": "UP polls: Make-or-break fifth phase for political parties", "text": "LUCKNOW: Forty-nine assembly seats across 13 districts could make or mar hopes in the UP contest, being the OBC-MBC-Dalit stretch where political parties have gambled everything to come up trumps.Bundelkhand would test the wisdom of BJP's decision to stake its probity plank by inducting BSP renegade Babu Singh Kushwaha in search of OBC votes as also to field \"outsider\" Uma Bharati as its star campaigner with chief ministerial projection. The region would decide if Rahul Gandhi's strategy to win over voters with a development package and a relentless four-year campaign among the poor can prevail over caste as the mobilization factor while the Yadav stronghold would give a verdict on his reliance on Samajwadi rebels to create winnability.Above all, it's the big test for Mayawati and Mulayam Singh Yadav, who are hoping their best in areas that have been their pocket borough. The fifth phase of elections on Thursday could well be the decider in many ways given that parties turned the region - Firozabad, Kanshiram Nagar, Etah, Mainpuri, Etawah, Auraiya, Ramabainagar, Kanpur, Jalaun, Jhansi, Lalitpur, Hamirpur and Mahoba district -into their political laboratory with eyebrow-raising experiments and daring gambits.With reports that the first four phases of voting have given him a big lead, Mulayam would be looking to tighten his grip on the race in the home stretch of the Yadav stronghold. He lost here big in 2007, pushed out of the frame in Etah, Etawah, Mainpuri and Ferozabad by a marauding Mayawati. The hopes from this pocket in favourable elections are immense. So are Samajwadi expectations in Bundelkhand which have long been the BSP citadel with a good population of dalits and MBCs.The party feels its positioning as alternative to Mayawati would help it prevail over the challenge from BJP and Congress. Being a big gamble, the BJP has used induction of Kushwaha to the hilt, employing him to mobilize his community in Bundelkhand and also using him to influence Shakyas and Mauryas in central UP. These two groups, which are in good numbers in the Yadav stronghold, have social affiliation to Kushwahas.The Uma Bharati factor has been used to neutralize the fire-breathing Kalyan Singh who is targeting Lodhs. Observers say Kushwaha's success would help Nitin Gadkari cement his place as strategist, since the BJP chief took the decision on his own despite its implications for the party's campaign against the Congress on corruption. A failure, however, would raise questions. In 2007, BSP won 27 seats, SP 14, BJP six, Congress four and others two. But in 2009, SP won five of the 10 LS seats followed by the Congress with three, BSP one and BJP drew blank. It translated into a lead in 22 assembly segments for SP, 10 for the Congress and nine for the BSP. The battle is finally boiling down to which of the competing sentiments prevail in influencing the voting pattern.The region has witnessed little development while Bundelkhand has seen the worst of water crises. The poor power situation has broken the back of small-scale industries like glassware while potato farmers have been left licking their wounds. However, the region, known for its rough social behaviour, has been quiet with tough police action keeping the 'bahubalis' indoors. Observers said that in a negative wave, the region could sink the incumbent. Among bigwigs, Uma Bharati is contesting from Charkhari in Mahoba, Mulayam's brother Shivpal Singh Yadav from Jaswantnagar in Etawah, minister in BSP government Jaiveer Singh from Karhal and his son Atul Singh from Sirsaganj, daughter of BSP state president and cabinet minister Swami Prasad Maurya, Sanghmitra Gautam from Aliganj and Shikha Mishra, wife of former BSP health minister Anant Kumar Mishra from Maharajpur. Among bahubalis, four times MLA Badshah Singh, who was minister in Mayawati government but sacked after being indicted by the Lokayukta, is trying his luck for the fifth time from Mahoba on BJP ticket. Another musclemen Ashok Singh Chandel this time is Peace Party nominee from Hamirpur.He had won election in 2007 on SP ticket but had defected to BSP.However, BSP denied him ticket this time. Actor-turned-politician Raja Bundela is contesting from Jhansi Sadar as Bundelkhand Congress candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001044", "title": "Priyanka not on Shahid's guest list", "text": "Shahid Kapoor is definitely not known for throwing parties. However, the actor has always celebrated his birthday in a big way.While last year, the actor had invited all his Bollywood friends minus ex-girl Priyanka to bring in his birthday at a suburban Mumbai nightspot, this year, he plans to go a little farther. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Shahid is all set to throw a big bash in Morjim beach, Goa. Interestingly, while most of his friends flew down for the big party last night, Nargis Fakhri accompanied Shahid in his flight to Goa on Wednesday morning.A source close to the actor told Mumbai Mirror, \"Shahid had planned his birthday in a big way. He flew down to Goa two days before the party to arrange things. The party will be held at his friend's bungalow in Morjim beach.\"Among the many invited for the party, Tabu, Ahmed Khan, Genelia D'Souza, Rani Mukerji, Siddharth Anand and Kunal Kohli were expected at the venue on Wednesday night.However, like last year, Priyanka Chopra remains off the guest list this year as well. Though the ex-lovers while working on Kunal Kohli's film Teri Meri Kahaani had maintained a cordial relationship, personally, the equation has apparently not changed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998257", "title": "Pak spy drove armyman\u2019s car to enter Fort William", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistani spy Kamran Akbar worked as driver to a retired army officer in Kolkata. This facilitated his entry into Fort William, the headquarters of the Eastern Command.In fact, Akbar was arrested in 2010 for a robbery, but he got a light sentence. After that, he relocated to the fringes of Kolkata - to Mahestala in the Behala-Thakurpukur area - to stay off the police radar.Akbar (also known by his alias, Attar) used to network with people, who did daily business at Fort William. \"He would ask milkmen and washermen entering the campus to bring undelivered letters and magazines to him. He offered generous tips in return. This went on for months. His access to the rank and file of the army also helped him get a whiff of the new developments within the army,\" said a source.Once he had learnt about intercepting military code words, he began to stay near the Kolkata port, an area inhabited by a floating population where hiding one's identity is easy. He even set up a garment business at the Fancy Market area of Khiderpore.\"We have sent a team to Kolkata to work closely with the local special task force to fill in the blanks. We will question his family members. We also have inputs on at least three other men who aided him there. We hope to make further inroads into this case in the next few days,\" said a senior police officer.But this is not the first time that a Pak spy has been arrested in Kolkata. On February 15, one Syed Ahmed Mohammed Desai was arrested in that city.He had been arrested by Pune police in 1999 for spying in the army area of Khadki and sending sensitive information to Pakistan's ISI; but was released from prison in January 2008. Thereafter, he was kept under observation as the process to deport him across the border was on.But he somehow escaped from custody and went to Kolkata via Hyderabad with the help of one Jadhav.Meanwhile, even as the crime branch is yet to formally begin probing Akbar's links in Kolkata and South 24 Parganas, the STF of Kolkata Police visited his in-laws in Mahestala. \"We will share information with the Delhi crime branch when they contact us,\" said a senior officer.Akbar has also told interrogators that more Pakistani spies are planning to enter India via the Nepal and Bangladesh borders. They have been assigned the task of gathering information on India's military and nuclear installations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11999426", "title": "YPS presents music concert", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Keeping in mind the healing power of music, a western music concert was organized at Yadavindra Public School, Mohali on Wednesday.The concert was presented by selected students of classes IV to VIII in collaboration with Professor Kyung Sil Paek and her team 'Hansori' from Korea.The concert was presented as a final event of the two-day workshop that was held in the school with an objective of providing a sense of emotional security, improvement of creativity and relief from stress.The students used different musical instruments such as ocarina, hand bell, tone chime and presented a wonderful array of foot tapping and melodious music. The performance spread magical vibes and created a whole new atmosphere in the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "11997920", "title": "BSP security ensures no black flags shown to CM", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Mayawati's rally seemed like any other political campaign, but there was difference noticed by those who participated in it. Unlike other poll rallies, not just the Uttar Pradesh police, but even the security cadre of the BSP was actively involved in making sure that no harm came to behenji. While frisking and use of metal detectors is a common thing, the security staff did not allow anyone wearing black garments - sweaters, shawls, mufflers, jackets, scarves - to enter the Knowledge Park-II ground to prevent people from showing black banners to the chief minister.The BSP cadre had made sure that Maya's rally was well attended. People like 80-year-old Rashidan, who did not have any idea of the poll date nor the BSP party symbol, were ferried from their villages early in the morning by party workers to make the campaign a success. \"I am here just to have a glimpse of our beloved Behenji,\" said Rashidan. \"I have been asked to cast my vote for Behenji. The party workers will help me do it,\" she said.However, not all present were unaware like the octogenarian. In addition to those ferried by party workers, there were also several hundreds of villagers who had come on their own driven by the sheer charisma of Mayawati. \"I know my vote will make a difference. In the days of the SP rule, law &amp; order was at an all-time low. The lower castes were being trodden over by the ruling elite. Things changed with Mayawati taking over the reins,\" said 70-year-old Munnalal of Roja Jalalpur village.\"Behenji gave us shelter over our heads. We have been allotted houses under housing schemes,\" said 65-year-old Allauddin, who rode pillion on a motorbike to the rally site from a distance of around 40km.Young men in droves, sporting BSP caps, also made a huge pitch at the rally ground raising banners and shouting slogans in support of Mayawati and her mentor Kanshiram. The youth were proud that the district has turned into an educational hub during Mayawati's tenure. \"Look at the numerous schools and colleges around. None of these had been built by the SP or the Congress,\" said 20-year-old Yogesh from Baraundi village.Women supporters, who claimed that they have been more secure under Mayawati than under any other regime, also pledged their absolute support for the BSP. \"Behenji has made us proud. She has done a lot for the women in the state unlike the SP or the Congress,\" said Lalita Gautam from Ghodi village in Greater Noida. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11998333", "title": "Career tips, street plays at Patna book fair from March 15", "text": "PATNA: Several events will mark the 12-day Patna Book Fair, to be organized by the Centre for Readership Development (CRD) at the Gandhi Maidan here from March 15.Addressing a press conference on Wednesday, CRD officials said street plays, award functions, career counselling sessions, stamp expo, interschool and inter-college programmes and screening of films would be held at the fair venue. 'On path to development' is the theme of the fair which is being organized as part of the centenary celebrations of Bihar , they said.\"The fair is organized in December every year. However, we delayed the Patna Book Fair- 2011 because we wanted it to coincide with the state's centenary celebrations,\" CRD convener Amit Jha said.Over 400 publishers, including many international ones, are expected to participate in the fair. The range of books on display and sale will include reference, fiction, non-fiction and academic. Books on humanities, social sciences, science and technology and books for children will also be available at the fair, Jha said.The state government has allocated a 2 lakh sqft area for the fair venue where around 600 stalls would be put up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12002701", "title": "Civic admin proposes hike in octroi rates", "text": "PUNE: The civic administration has proposed the reintroduction of levy of octroi at the rate of Rs 2.50 on LPG cylinders, besides suggesting an increase in octroi on various other commodities. Domestic LPG cylinders was exempt from octroi, but with reintroduction of the charge, the price of LPG refills could go up.Also, an increase of Re 1 per litre is expected in key commodities, including petrol and diesel, where octroi is charged at Rs 2 per litre.Commodities like pulses and foodgrains are likely to come into the ambit of octroi, with 50 paise and 20 paise per 10 kg respectively being imposed.The administration has suggested increasing octroi on vegetable oil from Rs 2.50 to Rs 3 per 10 litre. The octroi on drugs and medicine may be doubled. The octroi tax on furniture is likely to go up from Rs 3.50 to Rs 4 per piece.\"The matter will come up for discussion in the standing committee meeting, which will take a call on the proposals and then forward it to the general body,\" an official from the Pune Municipal Corporation said.He said that no hike in property and water tax as well as tax on precious metals including sliver and gold has been proposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12000860", "title": "State seeks four more dists in Red-hit list", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government on Wednesday demanded inclusion of four more extremism-affected districts under the Centre's Security Related Expenditure scheme, two dedicated helicopters to effectively fight Maoists and two additional battalions of paramilitary forces, official sources said.At a meeting of nine Maoist-affected states convened by the Union ministry of home affairs in New Delhi, Odisha's director general of police Manmohan Praharaj and home secretary U N Behera spoke about the measures the state government has been taking to fight the left wing extremists. They also shared information about the progress achieved in strengthening 70 police stations for which the Centre has given Rs two crore each, sources said.Behera said a demand to include Nuapada, Balangir, Bargarh and Kalahandi districts under SRE scheme was place for the Union government's consideration. Union home minister P Chidambaram was present at the meeting.Under SRE, the Union government reimburses in full the money spent on anti-Maoist operations and police infrastructure improvement. Fifteen of the state's 30 districts are already benefiting under the scheme. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik had earlier demanded inclusion of the said fur districts under SRE before Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at a meeting on internal security.Official sources said the state government representatives also demanded more central funds to carry out development works in extremism-hit areas, two dedicated helicopters to battle the guerillas and two extra battalions of Border Security Force. Currently, there are 12 battalions of central paramilitary forces in Odisha, which the MHA in a recent report on Maoist activities has categorized as \"severely affected\" alongside Jharkhand , Chhattisgarh and Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11999041", "title": "Land row to dent SP, BSP votebank in Dadri", "text": "NOIDA: With more than 80 per cent of voters in Dadri assembly directly or indirectly affected by land acquisition in the past few years, this issue is expected to rule the roost in the constituency. With compensation fast drying up and no employment in the absence of industries, farmers in Dadri blame successive governments of SP and BSP for the state of affairs.Dadri has a total of around 3.33 lakh voters after Noida seat was carved out from it after the 2007 assembly polls. Of this electorate, around 60,000 voters comprise the urban segment, mostly in Greater Noida city. \"Land acquisition would not be an issue for urban voters,\" said Devender Mukhiya, former pradhan of Bisrakh village in Dadri. \"In the last seven years, governments led by Mulayam and Mayawati have forcefully acquired land from farmers in lieu of meagre compensation. These anti-farmer policies will weigh heavy on both the parties as far as votes are concerned,\" added Mukhiya.In 2011, farmers in hordes from Dadri moved the court against the state government for alleged misuse of urgency clause in acquiring land and then selling it to private developers for huge margins, particularly in the Noida Extension region. While the pending court cases have brought all development activities in the region to a complete halt, farmers too have been left unemployed after the compensation dried up.As far as caste equations are concerned, Gujjars comprise the bulk of population in Dadri and have formed the decisive votebank for all winning candidates in past elections. So potent has been the land issue in this region that even the ruling BSP has cleverly modified its strategy to woo the electorate over this issue. \"In future, our government would work towards industrializing these areas in order to generate employment,\" said Satveer Singh Gujjar, BSP candidate re-contesting from Dadri.Most of the big landholders of this region - be it the Gujjars or the Yadavs - have been rendered landless in the last few years, however, those farmers who have agreed for hiked compensation from the Mayawati government show an inclination towards her. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "12000944", "title": "SC panel chief visits Lathore", "text": "BALANGIR: The regional director of National Commission for Schedule Castes (SC), Dibakar Basak, told police and district administration that if the Lathore incident is not properly addressed, it will send a wrong message about Odisha. Basak said the perpetrators had an alleged free run during the arson with police being mute spectators.Basak visited the damaged dalit basti on Wednesday in Lathore, where the upper caste people allegedly burnt down 40 houses a month ago. He interacted with 196 victims living in relief camps and expressed dissatisfaction over the relief and rehabilitation steps as well as police inaction.He sought report from Patnagarh SDPO L N Panda on the number of persons arrested and the sections under which they had been booked. He is expected to give his report to the Centre shortly.Basak further said compensation for the atrocity should have been given by now. \"I have directed the police to complete the investigation soon and catch the two main culprits behind the incident,\" the regional director said. Not only did Basak interact with the victims and inspected the damaged houses, but he also went to the upper caste colonies and talked to people there. tnnAccording to police 49 people have been arrested till today. It admitted that after the incident, two main accused- Jagadish Agrawal and Ghasiram Agrawal- absconded. They are still at large. Basak asked the police why there was delay of over month to catch the main culprit. Sources said while Jagadish runs a petrol filing station, Ghasiram has one country liquor manufacturing unit. Jagadish house is adjacent to dalit basti and he allegedly provided petrol to set the houses afire. Ghasiram allegedly provided liquor to the rioter for ransacking the houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12000745", "title": "Ban on cellphones likely in assembly", "text": "BANGALORE: MLAs may have to deposit their cellphones and electronic gadgets outside before entering the legislative assembly.The inquiry committee probing Porngate involving three former ministers -- Laxman Savadi, C C Patil and J Krishna Palemar - at its first meeting on Wednesday reportedly discussed a plan to install lockers on the lines of the Parliament where MPs keep their cellphones before entering the House. \"This issue is certainly on our minds. After a detailed discussion, we'll recommend banning handsets inside the House,\" a committee member told TOI.Amid a boycott by opposition members, the panel probed the sleazy clip episode. All four members of the ruling BJP -- Shrishailappa Bidarur, Nehru Olekar, S R Vishwanath and Suresh Gowda - attended the meeting. But Congress members HC Mahadevappa, Amaregowda Bayyapur and JD(S) member Dinakar Shetty did not show up. The two parties feel there's no need for any probe into the misconduct of the ruling party MLAs as the entire episode had been telecast live by regional channels and wanted their disqualification.After the secretary of the legislative assembly P Omprakash read out the rules of the procedure of the House, the committee is said to have decided to summon and question television channels, which recorded and aired Savadi and Patil watching a sleazy clip. The committee will view footage of both private channels and secretariat security on February 29.Sources said the legal angle will be explored by seeking the opinion of advocate general. \"We went into the details of whether the private channels can air things other than proceedings of the House. Also, whether the Speaker's permission is needed if they have to air other material. Also, did channels manipulate, morph or attach external video clips? We'll also get call details and ownership of the mobile phone which had the sleazy clip.\"The committee meet on February 29, March 1 and March 2. Speaker K G Bopaiah has set March 13 as the deadline to submit the report.LOOPHOLESThe probe panel started the meeting without the mobile phone in question. The panel directed the secretary to collect evidence (mobile phone) before the next meeting. Even the terms of reference of the committee have not been framed. It was also decided to employ legal experts to frame the terms of reference. \"Without evidence, nothing can be done,\" a member said.ChairmanspeakWe decided to hold the next meeting on February 29 and look into details of the issue in subsequent meetings. I appeal to opposition members to attend the proceedings of the committee and offer their views as the issue at hand is serious and involves the dignity of the state legislatureShrishailappa Bidarur | probe committee chairman", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mahoba", "code": "11999626", "title": "Mahoba all set to elect a bahubali", "text": "MAHOBA: With four 'bahubali' in fray, Mahoba is all set to witness a \"fight among equals\" this time. It is difficult to say who is feared more in the region - BSP nominee Rajendra Singh Budholiya, BJP candidate and former labour minister in Mayawati cabinet Badshah Singh or his nephew Avaneendra Singh. The town has witnessed quite a few shootouts between the \"chacha and bhateeja\", claims Satnarain Saini, owner of a puncture repair shop who predicts poll 2012 is heading for a \"kante ki takkar\" (tough fight).Again, even though SP candidate Sidhgopal Sahu, a former minister in Samajwadi Party regime, does not qualify technically to share the slot with his three rivals, his murder convict father's name is enough to strike terror in any Bundela heart, Narain confides. Congress candidate Arimardan Singh, he claims, has become more benign over the years but with his formidable reputation, one is nonetheless advised to stay off. \"It is never safe to play with a 'sooja' ( needle), however, blunt it may be,\" he remarks repeating a local saying.Narian has nothing personal against election. In fact, it is the time when business is at its peak what with all the SUV tyres busting on the potholed roads in and around the town. But the choice of candidates has certainly taken away all thrill from poll fever.Voters here, like everywhere else, are not ready to divulge their preference. But the reason for the silence is quite different. \"Wearing your party leanings on the sleeves could put you on radar of the rival parties,\" Deoraj Yadav, a social activist, declares. He recalled how one of the dons in poll arena publicly slapped a dalit in the market place last Tuesday because the later was not prepared to vote for him despite persuasion from partymen. Ironically, Mahoba is also known as Mahotsava Nagar, a city of celebration. But many are yet to figure out what is there to celebrate.So the electorate is expected to vote along the caste alignment. Out of 3,50,000 voters, scheduled caste and backward segment is strongest at 80,000, followed by Thakurs numbering around 55,000. Yadav total 17,000, outnumbered by Brahmins at 25,000, while Muslims add up to 35,000. Thakur vote, says SP supporter Imtiaz Mohammad, will be divided among four aspirants. Sahu, (a Congress turncoat who joined the party only four months ago) being the only Brahmin in the contest, will grab the Brahmin-Yadav-Muslim combo and sail to victory stand, he predicts.Zafar Warsi, part of the Congress campaign team, dismisses the tall claims. Aridaman Singh had played the lead role in making Mahoba a separate district in January 1995 during his stint in SP. He enjoys immense popularity here and has no criminal records -- 2-3 cases against him are politically motivated, claim his supporters.with a clean reputation and his work to back him up, Singh stands tallest even though he is new to Congress, Warsi says. Rahul's rallies in the region have given that extra push he required, Warsi claims.Interestingly, Badhsah Singh's fate hangs in balance. Though part of BJP, Maya's ex-minister has not been accepted among the saffron brigade who feel the party made a wrong choice in fielding him from Mahoba. Apart from promoting his men and grabbing land, he has done nothing for the town. There is only one degree college, no professional institute, and one district hospital which does not even have ventilators; so critical patients are referred to Jhansi medical college. Moreover, law and order is getting worse and goons have poached on 70% of land in town area. Badhsah Singh, therefore, has much to answer for.Not in Kharela, his village, though. The little hamlet skirting the town looks like almost incongruous with its degree college, two inter colleges, an ITI, nearly two dozen primary and high schools. Tarred roads -- a rare sight in entire Bundelhand -- are smooth and even boast of dividers. \"Mantriji has been an angel sent by the Almighty,\" says Mahendra Singh, a local resident. Lokayukta's indictment of Singh has only angered Kharela, Mahendra Singh one of his supporters claims. \"So what if he had put up a boundary wall on nazul land? He was not building a house for his family, he was building a school and college for our children,\" says Sukhdev Pathak. \"No one reports the good deeds he has done,\" Pathak claims citing how mantriji had donated his property for construction of Kanshi Ram Awas Yojana.So even though the huge government signposts showcase Kharela as the \"pious birth place of Maharshi Shringi\", not many have any clue about the ancient sage. But it is not difficult to spot Badshah Singh namesake practically in every mohalla here,\" says Kaushlendra Tiwari. Those who don't vote for him are not real Bundelas for the tribe is known for its fierce loyalty, he challenges. Predictably, everyone else in the group huddles near the mandi building, nods meekly..a few may later speak up their minds on February 23 by pressing the EVM button.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12001285", "title": "Virtual teaching new mantra to revolutionise classroom study", "text": "BHOPAL: A cyber curriculum might sound a little farfetched idea for now but a virtual teaching session linking Bhopal's Gandhi Medical College (GMC) with All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) has heralded an innovation that is all set to change classroom education in the country.Under-graduate medical students of the GMC interacted with professors in Delhi in the first virtual teaching (VT) classroom session here on Wednesday. The pilot project under the aegis of national knowledge commission (NKC) aims at raising the average medical education standards and increasing interactivity between medical colleges. The project by NKC would link the command control at AIIMS Delhi with PGI-Chandigarh, NEIGRIHMS-Shillong, JIPMER-Pondicherry, GMC-Bhopal, Lady Hardinge Medical College-Delhi and University College of Medical Sciences, Delhi.Speaking to TOI from AIIMS, the project's chief coordinator, Dr Manoj Singh, said, \"In the long-run, we expect to link up all the medical colleges in the country through the VT classrooms. It is a supplementation of sorts and not the substitution of teaching.\"\"VT classrooms are an add-on for the students. The vast pool of teachers sharing knowledge would widen the horizon of students,\" said GMC professor and HOD, forensic medicine, Dr BP Dubey.National Informatics Centre (NIC) is providing the technical support for the webcast with a dedicated fibre optic line - a super cool 1 Gbps connection (1 gigabit network can download 23 episodes of your favourite soap-opera in less than two minutes!).\"Today it was a link between Delhi and Bhopal, but we have the capacity for multi-casting to various locations in a single session. A single teacher would be able to reach out to numerous students across the country and interact with them at the same time,\" said Dr Singh.However, the MBBS students were a little unconvinced. \"Virtual teaching is a good thing but we would still prefer a real one,\" said first year student Garima Poreha.According to the NKC, all the teaching hospitals and medical colleges are located in urban areas where only 30-35% of the population lives.\"Ensuring uniformity in education is one of the main goals,\" added Dr Singh, who has been persistently pursuing virtual classrooms, as most colleges are faced with shortage of teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12001665", "title": "Accused not cooperating, charges CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: Opposing the anticipatory bail plea filed by Srikanth Joshi, an accused in Emaar scam and former CEO of Emaar-MGF, the CBI on Wednesday urged the court not to grant him bail as he was not cooperating with them in the case.Joshi is presently the CEO of L&T; in Mumbai. In its counter to Joshi's bail plea, CBI said that when its team went to Mumbai to question him on January 27, Joshi was not present at his residence.\"When we contacted him on phone, he was reluctant to reply to any of our queries. Notices sent by us are not reaching him and he has no intention to cooperate with the CBI,\" the counter said.Special judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma posted the case to Thursday for hearing the CBI counsel's version.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11998310", "title": "Singer's luggage stolen from train near Patna", "text": "PATNA: Theft in running train is not an unusual incident. Noted playback singer Lakhi Roy Mazumder had to go through this agony when her suitcase containing around Rs 3 lakh, including jewellery and other valuable goods, were stolen while she was travelling to Patna from Kolkata on Tuesday night. She was coming to Patna for her stage shows.Narrating her tale, Mazumder said, \"I had boarded Kolkata-Patna Garib Rath on Tuesday night. I was sleeping on the lower berth allotted to me under which I had kept my luggage. However, when I woke up in the morning near Patna Saheb station, I found my luggage missing. On reaching Patna Junction, I reported the theft to the Government Railway Police (GRP) and an FIR was filed in this connection with the GRP.\"Mazumder said that the suitcase stolen contained gold ornaments worth over Rs 2.5 lakh, Rs 10,000 cash and other valuable goods. She told the police that when she inquired about the missing luggage, a co-passenger travelling with her informed her that a passenger who was sleeping on the upper berth had got down from the train carrying a suitcase at Jhajha station at around 2.45 am. He, however, said that when that person boarded the train he was not carrying any suitcase with him.Mazumder said that though the ticket collector gave her the PNR number of her other co-passengers, he refused to give the PNR number of the person who got down with a suitcase at Jhajha. Meanwhile, rail SP, Patna, Suresh Choudhary said, \"All the GRP police stations on Kiul-Jhajha section have been alerted. Search is on to trace the gang involved in the incident.\" He, however, said that after a long period luggage lifting in running train has been reported on Kiul-Jhajha section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "12002223", "title": "Police seize Rs 75 lakh from vehicle", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Police on Wednesday seized Rs 75 lakh in cash on the outskirts of Kamareddy town ahead of the assembly byelection.Police stopped the vehicle (MH 29R 7417) at Tekiryal checkpost and seized the cash. The owner of the vehicle, Shailendra Varma, did not have valid documents for carrying the cash. The vehicle was seized and moved to the police station. According to Devunipalli SI Saidaiah, Varma claimed that he was proceeding to Hyderabad to buy gold jewellery for his brother's marriage. \"But since he did not carry any documents to support his claim, we seized the cash,\" he said.While on the front of the by-elections, no nomination was filed for Kamareddy segment on the first day of nominations on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11999301", "title": "Students come out in support of Manimekalai", "text": "TRICHY: The issue of Dr Manimekalai's suspension refuses to die down. In a rare show of solidarity, about 30 students belonging to the women's studies department sat in a dharna within the Khajamalai campus on Wednesday morning demanding that Manimekalai, be restored to her former department.There are about 23 day scholars, while nine students are staying in the hostel. One of the doctoral students said that the absence of Manimekalai had a great impact on their ability to perform better and she could not think of continuing in the department without her heading the women's studies department.The student told TOI on Wednesday night that all the students of the department had jointly given a petition to the registrar on February 13 with a copy marked to the vice-chancellor K Meena that Manimekalai should be brought back to the same department from where she had been suspended. \"Since there was no reply to that letter, we resorted to the dharna,\" she said.In fact, the students were resolved to continue the dharna throughout the night and the day scholars stayed within the campus after the close of office hours in the evening. It was around 7.30 pm that the registrar T Ramaswamy, accompanied by the controller of examinations Dr Sridhar and a few other professors visited the campus and persuaded the students to give up the demonstration after holding out a promise to address their grievances on Thursday. When contacted, Ramaswamy said, \"I have called them to my office in the main campus at 11 am to address their grievances.\"The students also claimed that one of the syndicate members from the Thanjavur Tamil University had told them that if they did not give up their fight, their conduct certificates would carry adverse remarks. He had also boasted to the students that irrespective of what sort of agitations they resorted to, the chance of Manimekalai coming back to the original department was very remote, a student said.Meanwhile, as the gag order against the professors talking to the media was in force, the members of the fourth estate were not allowed inside the campus to talk to the students. On the contrary, the students walked up to the gate within the campus so that the photographers could click them from a vantage point. A vernacular photographer, who to tried to enter the campus for a closer view was roughed by the security personnel, creating a scene at the entrance.It may be recalled that Manimekalai was suspended from the department on February 4 by the university syndicate. Though the suspension was revoked following the intervention of chancellor and Tamil Nadu governor K Rosaiah on February 9, the subsequent transferring of Manimekalai to the economics department opened up a Pandora's box of agitations.Meanwhile, it was rumoured that the chancellor had sent a second fax to the vice-chancellor advising her to reinstate Manimekalai in the same women's studies department. When contacted, Ramaswamy said, \"I too heard about the rumour.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12002149", "title": "Police find it tough to send cop basher to jail", "text": "CHENNAI: Here is an unusual case of police being made to run from pillar to post to get two persons who beat up a constable behind the bars.Elephant Gate police constable Velu, 31, riding a bike had a run-in with a rickshaw puller for hitting his bike on Tuesday. Two bike riders, S Rajkumar, 20, and his friend G Tejma Ram,21, who were witnessing the quarrel, joined the rickshaw puller's side in taking on Velu. In a fit of rage, theduo assaulted the constable.Police teams rushed to the place and picked up the duo. A group of lawyers trooped to the police station to rescue the attackers. A police inspector posted at another station, too, tried to broker a compromise and release the accused.Buttheofficers atthestation dug in their heels and refused a peace deal. But getting the duo remanded has turned out to be quite a taskfor theofficers.Police took the youths to the George Town court to remand them. As the magistrate was not available there, they took the duo tothe magistrate'shousein Saidapet. The magistrate asked the police to bring them to the court on Wednesday. When the police took the duo to the George Town court on Wednesday, the magistrate asked police to remand them in Puzhal prison after getting opinion from thedoctors atthe government hospital. The doctors at the hospital, after examining the duo until Wednesday evening, asked police to take them to the government hospital in Royapettah for further treatment.Now, police are guarding thetwounder treatment at Royapettah hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12002547", "title": "Residents lose money, goods", "text": "PUNE: The massive fire that broke out in Juna Bazaar in the wee hours of Wednesday destroyed the belongings and money of the residents of the 14 huts and inflicted huge losses on owners of the godowns burnt down.Baijnath Pardeshi, whose hut was gutted, claimed that he had saved Rs 50,000 which he wanted to send to his native place in UP. \"On Tuesday morning, my father left for UP. I thought of sending the cash with him, but changed my mind due to safety reasons. I had decided to send the cash through a money order on Wednesday,\" he said, adding: \"The fire destroyed everything. Now, I do not have a single rupee with me.\"Garments vendors Bideshi Saroj, Lallu Pardeshi and Raju Saroj lost their goods as well as the money they had saved.Meena Ashok Bhaiyya, whose husband is a roadside 'kulfi' vendor, said that her family was asleep inside the hut when the fire broke out. \"We had to leave everything behind and run to save our lives.\" She said that her husband's 'kulfi' making unit, their television set and other belongings were destroyed. \"Rs 60,000 also turned to ashes,\" she claimed.Noor Sayed, owner of Falcon enterprises, suffered a major loss in the fire. Sayed is in the business of selling and repairing old refrigerators, coolers, air conditioners and deep freezers. \"Around 200 refrigerators, 150 coolers, eight brand new air conditioners were destroyed,\" he said. \"My six technicians used to sleep in the godown. However, they were lucky enough to escape.\"Prakash Bhaval, who runs a stove and mixer repairing shop in Juna Bazaar, also suffered a huge loss. \"I have to start from scratch again,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "srinagar ", "code": "11999649", "title": "J&K; police build database of residents", "text": "SRINAGAR : The Jammu and Kashmir police have begun a census of residents here to build a database to help them keep an eye on miscreants who may foment trouble during the coming summer in the Kashmir valley.Cops are visiting houses to collect details of residents, police sources said.Besides the number of persons living in a particular dwelling, they will also seek details about the occupation of residents.The exercise has been undertaken particularly in areas which have been notorious for street protests during the 2008-09 turmoil, the sources said.Efforts are being made to keep a check on tenants living in rented homes to ensure that non-state elements are unable to establish a base in the city, they said.Militants had attacked two police stations in the past week causing concern over ultras' attempt to revive militancy in the region.Moreover, the data will also help in gauging the extent of unemployment in these areas so that police recruitment drives can be better focused, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11999621", "title": "A bridge too far: Why foot-overbridges are not used", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five schoolchildren cross the main road at Nehru Place, tracing a dangerous zig-zag while dodging cars and buses. The foot-overbridge constructed at a distance lies almost empty. When you tell them it's dangerous, they snap back, saying, \"Everyone does it.\"There are more than 70 FOBs across the capital but not even a dozen of these are used frequently by the pedestrians. Improper placement, poor design, lack of escalators and low height of the central verge are mostly cited as the reasons for this; needless to mention the careless attitude of people.\"The FOB is constructed 300 metres away from the main market. It has no escalator or lift and its design is such that one has to first walk over the ramp to reach the top of the bridge and then climb downstairs , not necessarily in the direction you want,\" said Mahender Sharma (54), a shopkeeper at Nehru Place.Traders at the Yusuf Sarai market have a similar complaint. \"There are shops on both sides of the road and people often try to sprint across the road and get injured. The civic agency has constructed the overbridge at a place that falls in a no-man's land - at the end of the AIIMS campus and where the market begins,\" said Raman Kapoor, who runs a medical shop.A preliminary report on a PWD survey to assess the usage of the FOBs confirms this. \"We have found that some FOBs in east Delhi, for example the one near Vikas Marg and the Kakardooma court, are not used frequently by pedestrians. In south Delhi, the FOB constructed near the Indian Spinal Injuries Centre, Vasant Kunj, is not used at all, mainly because it is located in an isolated area and the height of the central verge is very low,\" a senior official said. The report is still being scrutinized and remedial measures will be taken to improve the situation, he added.PWD has constructed about 70 FOBs, of which 23 have escalators. \"The escalators break down quite often and are not disabled-friendly . We are replacing them with lifts in the new FOBs, four of which is underconstruction,\" the official said.There are also around 50 subways but poor upkeep, lack of security, poor road signage and improper placement make them unfit for use. \"Most of the subways shelter suspicious characters, some of whom are drug pushers and drunkards,\" said college student Meghna.Satyendra Garg, joint commissioner (traffic), said they recently took up an initiative under which 20,000 people who used FOBs at ISBT and IP Extension on a regular basis were given coupons. \"A lucky draw will be conducted to select a winner who will get a gift voucher worth Rs 5,000.\"He added traffic police wrote to the Unified Traffic and Transportation Infrastructure Planning &amp; Engineering Centre explaining the problems of FOBs after which orders were issued to allow new construction on a case-to-case basis only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11998240", "title": "Hiranandani can\u2019t build in Powai sans HC okay", "text": "MUMBAI: Twenty-six years after the state leased 230 acres of land in Powai to Hiranandani group at 40 paise per acre to build affordable houses, the Bombay High Court on Wednesday restrained the developer from starting any construction on the remaining area without its permission.In further trouble for Hiranandani, a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi has paved the way for the petitioners to file criminal cases against the developer and \"errant\" government officers. The state was also rapped for imposing a \"paltry\" Rs 3 crore fine.The HC was hearing PILs by activists, including Medha Patkar, alleging violations by Hiranandani in building sprawling flats instead of affordable houses.\"Whilst we appreciate the elegance of the construction and the intent at creating an architecture marvel for the city of Mumbai, we see the specific intent of wholly ignoring the most vital, and perhaps the only, condition in tripartite agreement (to create affordable houses of 40 and 80 sq m),\" the judges said. \"The pamphlets only show palatial buildings of the art-deco architecture.\"The HC said though it found substance in the contention that \"state government officers, in collusion with the developer, have turned a Nelson's eye to the gross violations of the tripartite agreement by the developer, resulting in the aggrandisement of the developer, which smacks of acts of corruption in not heeding the report of the metropolitan commissioner and instead calling upon the developer to deposit a paltry sum of Rs 3 crores'', it would first focus on ensuring that the developer constructed affordable houses as per the agreement. The court has directed Hiranandani to construct around 3,100 affordable houses of 430 and 861 square feet.The court gave the go-ahead for the petitioners to file criminal cases in the matter, saying they were \"free to take up the issue of corruption in a criminal prosecution against any errant public officers and the developer\". The HC has said the issue of compensation to be paid by the builder for the violations will be decided by the court, which is hearing the appeal filed by the MMRDA against the order of an arbitrator.The court's order also brings in a bonanza for the state government, which will now be offered around 450 flats at a rate of Rs 135 per square feet. Flats in the Powai area currently go for around Rs 20,000 per square feet. These flats can then be sold to government employees.The HC has focused its attention on ensuring that affordable houses are constructed in Powai as per the original agreement between Hiranandani, the state and MMRDA. The judges have directed Hiranandani to construct 1,593 flats of around 861 square feet and 1,511 flats of 430 square feet after obtaining permission from the court. It has restrained the builder from amalgamating the flats or selling two flats to one person or any member of his family. Only after constructing these flats and giving 15% share to the state government will Hiranandani be allowed to put up any further construction.The court has also directed the MMRDA, the developer and the petitioners to submit a report on the total number of buildings constructed by Hiranandani in Powai so far, along with details of the flats. The parties have also been asked to submit a report of the vacant land available in the area.Hiranandani had signed a lease for the 230 acres of land in 1986 in a tripartite agreement with the state and MMRDA. As per the agreement, Hiranandani was to construct 50% of the flats admeasuring 430 square feet and the remaining, 861 square feet. Instead, according to the petitioner, flats were allowed to be merged to as large as 4,000-5,000 sq ft and sold at prices touching Rs 7 crore.Another violation was the promise to give the state 15% of the floor space index consumed-which would have worked out to 1,800 flats spread over 10 lakh square feet. This was not complied with.\"The MMRDA had initially imposed a fine of around Rs 2,000 crore on Hiranandani, which was brought down to Rs 89 crore and finally the state further pruned it to Rs 3 crore,'' said advocate Sumedha Rao, counsel for Thacker.The builders were also supposed to leave open spaces for schools, parks, service industry and hospital, which had to be handed over to the BMC. The petitioners said even these norms were not complied with. Moreover, the developer constructed commercial establishments in the area which were not provided for in the agreement. \"None of the conditions was complied with,\" said advocate Ashish Mehta, who was representing Patkar.Hiranandani had denied the allegations and said the arbitrator appointed to look into the tripartite agreement between the land owners-the government and MMRDA-had found no irregularities in the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12002634", "title": "Exciting evening for Kochiites", "text": "It was an exciting evening for Kochiites. A film audition at a popular mall in the city saw youngsters turning up in huge numbers to be a star.The highlight of the evening was the presence of beauty queen Ushoshi Sengupta and Telugu actress Nandhini Rai. Ushoshi hit a high on the fashion meter with her chic sari, paired with a jacket. Nandhini also went Indian for the day and looked sensuous. Also spotted was actor Jishnu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12002171", "title": "Realtor all set to float new airline", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The Vijayawada-based Lingamaneni group, which has interests in the realty and infrastructure business on Wednesday announced the launch of a new airline, Air Costa.Lingamaneni Estates Private Ltd, popularly known as LEPL, said that it had secured the go-ahead from the Union civil aviation ministry to operate flights in the southern part of the country. Air Costa could be the first airliner in the country to operate on the regional routes, particularly in tier-II cities like Vijayawada, Visakhapatnam and Tirupati. The new airlines will be headquartered at Vijayawada with the corporate offices located in Hyderabad.According to company chief executive Captain NB Kakarala, the upcoming airline will begin with five flights initially He said that the company had plans to link most tier-II cities in south India through their airline. The first aircraft will take off some time in May or June. He, however, did not reveal the volume of investment nor whether it was a joint venture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11997440", "title": "Man hit by train, dies after help arrives late from station", "text": "MUMBAI: A 27-year-old man died after he was hit by a train while crossing the tracks near Govandi on Wednesday evening. A helper from the nearby Govandi railway station arrived nearly 25 minutes later, well after onlookers and government railway police (GRP) personnel had already taken the victim to hospital, after stopping a passing train.Some passengers informed the GRP about the accident, and they reached the spot after walking the half-a-kilometre distance from the station.Bhavesh Patel, a social activist who helped, told TOI: \"There was no help forthcoming from the railways. It is surprising that no coolie and stretcher were made available. There was a 20-25 minute delay, and the GRP had to finally take a call on taking the victim with the help of passengers to Shatabdi hospital in Govandi.\" Patel, who claimed that Govandi does not have a station manager, said, \"It is shocking that somebody is left to die on the tracks and there is no help to shift the victim.\"Sources said an Up local knocked down the man, causing severe head injuries, at 6:30pm. The victim, in a vest and lungi, has not yet been identified.GRP deputy police commissioner G Bhandare said, \"The deceased was found half a kilometre from Govandi station. Since it was taking a lot of time to arrange for a coolie and stretcher, our personnel took the victim to Govandi station in a passing local.\"The victim was declared dead at the hospital and a case of accidental death was later registered by the Vashi railway police.Central Railway senior public relations officer L M Maraskolhe said he did not have information on the accident. \"However, we have helpers at limited stations (especially where Mail/Express trains stop). At other places, we have a special budget for officials on duty at railway stations. They can engage a coolie or hire a cleaner and pay him up to Rs 750 for shifting a victim to hospital,\" he stated. He added that at Govandi the chief booking supervisor is supposed to coordinate in such cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998991", "title": "Five-star wedding bash for Didi nephew", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister and Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee , known for her austere lifestyle, seems to have allowed an aberration in the case of her nephew Abhishek Banerjee.At a time when Mamata is here to meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Abhishek is getting married in a rather lavish style that is unusual for one who is likely to be the only one from the family to join Trinamool and could even be constesting the next Lok Sabha polls.Abhishek, who is tying the knot with his girlfriend Jasmeet Ahuja on February 24, had an engagement function at the Meridien hotel here on Wednesday. The occassion was celebrated by cocktails and dinner that followed at the five-star hotel. The wedding will be held on Friday at a Gurdwara in GK-I, but the reception will be held at the Grand Hotel in Vasant Kunj the same evening.While the CM may keep to her style and not attend the five-star wedding ceremonies, it is surprising that she has agreed to the lavish celebrations. Mamata, known for her concern for the downtroddens, has always shunned the five-star culture. In fact, she refused to hold her official or party functions in posh hotels. Even the industry meets that her government organised in Kolkata was held at the Railways Club and the one in Delhi was held at the Pragati Maidan.Abhishek, a management graduate from Amity Institute in Delhi, met Jasmeet there. He has been running an NGO called \"YUVA\" which works closely with young people and connects them to TMC. Unofficially, he looks after the youth wing of Trinamool and lives in an apartment in Alipore.While Trinamool sources said the arrangements and celebrations in Delhi are being hosted by Jasmeet's family, the expensive invitation cards pasted on specially designed card board box of Ferrero Rocher chocolates came as surprise to all who received it. Mamata's name of course, does not appear anywhere on the card.The five-page hard board cards that came in five different colours, for the various functions along with a photograph of Abhishek and Jasmeet, comes as surprise to those being associated with Mamata. The list of invitees include a very close group of friends and family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11998881", "title": "For transporting onions, traders seek more rakes", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik District Onion Traders Association (NDOTA) has urged the railway administration to make more rakes available for onion transport and to cancel the quota system for transporting onions to other states and increase the number of rakes for the Nashik district.Nashik district is the largest onion market in the country and onion traders at APMCs (Agriculture Produce Market Committees) across the district send onions to other states like Bihar, West Bengal and Assam by railroad.But the railway administration has suddenly brought into effect the district level quota system that has reduced the number of rakes for the district from the present 17-18 rakes a week to 7-8 rakes a week. This has reportedly happened for the past couple of weeks.Speaking to TOI, the president of Nashik District Onion Traders Association Sohanlal Bhandari, said, \"The rakes are being made available by the railway administration to traders to supply onions to other states. Earlier, 17-18 rakes a week were being made available for the Nashik district. But, the railway administration has suddenly brought into force the quota system. As a result, only 6-7 rakes a week are being made available for Nashik district. One rake includes around 16,000 quintals of onion.\"\"Onions are lying at the district APMCs in large quantities due to non-availability of rakes. The arrival of late Kharif crop has already increased quantities in APMCs across the district, and the prices may crash if traders avoid participating in auctions.Therefore, the railway administration should cancel the quota system and regularize the availability of rakes,\" he said.When contacted, a senior railway official from Bhusawal division, who did not want to be identified, said, \"We have not implemented any quota system in providing rakes for transporting of onions. We provide rakes on first-come-first serve basis. There is no question of quotas. Around 6-7 rakes are available daily for Bhusaval division. In Nashik district , rakes are made available at Nashik Road, Niphad, Lasalgaon and Manmad.\"Tear jerkerDemand cancellation of quota system by railways for onion transportWant number of rakes from Nashik district to be increasedEarlier, Nashik used to get 17-18 rakes for onion transportUnder quota system, reduced to 7-8 rakes per weekOne rake includes around 16,000 quintals of onionsNashik district is the largest onion market for the countryOnions from district sent to Bihar, Bengal, Assam by railRailways deny quota system, say rakes given on a 'first-come-first serve' basis", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998530", "title": "BSF employee dies in hit-and-run", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 37-year-old BSF employee was killed when his motorcycle was hit by an unidentified vehicle in the early hours of Wednesday, police said. The accident was reported from near Mahipalpur flyover on National Highway 8. The victim, Dhiren Kalita, was a resident of the Najafgarh area in southwest Delhi. He was identified with the help of his driving licence. A case has been registered.\"We received a call around 2am. The victim was rushed to the AIIMS Trauma Centre but died on the way. The body has been sent for autopsy,\" said a senior police officer.In another incident, two persons were injured when a tourist bus spun out of control and rammed into a shop in Timarpur, north Delhi. The driver has been held and booked for rash and negligent driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11998815", "title": "Budget 2012: Tax dept on year-end overdrive", "text": "NEW DELHI: Under pressure from the North Block to meet budget targets, several chief commissioners of Income Tax have started making tax claims over and above what companies had filed in their tax returns.This is in addition to the government going slow on refunds as it faces direct tax shortfall of over Rs 40,000 crore, sources said. Despite protests, the standard response offered by income tax officials has been to get companies to deposit at least 50% of their fresh tax liability before their appeal can be heard by an appellate authority. The rules, however, stipulate that the government cannot force a taxpayer to deposit the disputed amount before h/his right to first appeal.The recent initiative follows a diktat from Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) chairman Laxman Das in early February suggesting that missing the target given to officials will impact their appraisal and \"will also be a major factor while considering placements in 2012\". CBDT spokesperson Anuja Sarangi was unavailable for comments. Till February 20, according to assessment made at CBDT, the net tax collection was estimated at Rs 3.60 lakh crore against the Budget Estimate (BE) of Rs 5.32 lakh crore for 2011-12. While 20% growth is required to meet the BE, actual realization indicates an increase of 10% till February.With only a month to go this year, there is sudden anxiety within the finance ministry on achieving the budget estimates, especially in view of the rising subsidy bill and the government's inability to meet the Rs 40,000-crore disinvestment target.Chairman of the Prime Minister's Economic Advisory Council C Rangarajan said the GDP will grow by 7.1% this year, bettering the advance estimates of the Central Statistical Organization that had pegged the growth at 6.9%. CBDT's own estimates suggest that direct tax collections will be Rs 35,000 crore short of the target. Consequently, CBDT has asked its field units to go slow on clearing refunds.On the indirect tax front, the government on Wednesday expressed optimism that it would reach the Budget target of Rs 3.92 lakh crore with the Central Board of Excise and Customs achieving a total collection of Rs 3.17 lakh crore till January, 2012, which is 81% of the target. On Wednesday, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee goaded the indirect tax wing of the revenue department to meet the budget target, though things look much more settled there.Banking on an unexpected growth in the service tax that grew by 37% in April-January, finance secretary R S Gujral said the indirect tax collection would cross Rs 4 lakh crore. Service Tax collection in the first 10 months was Rs 75,400 crore; excise mop up during this period was Rs 1.17 lakh crore and Customs duty accounted for Rs 1.24 lakh crore.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12002797", "title": "Cops identify foreigner whose body was found near railway tracks", "text": "PANAJI: A foreigner, whose body was found near the railway tracks in between Pernem and Tivim railway stations has been identified.Konkan railway police said that the victim is an Italian national, Michele Dell Fere, 45, and was residing at a resort in Calangute. Police confirmed that he was travelling by the Mangla Express on Tuesday.His body was found near the tracks at about 7.15pm on Tuesday. The engine driver of the Konkan Kanya Express from Goa to Mumbai saw the body and informed the Tivim railway station authorities. The person was wearing a blue shirt, grey pants and rubber slippers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001354", "title": "I've been brought up in a cultured family: Saif Ali Khan", "text": "Patrons at the tony Wasabi restaurant in Taj were treated to more than sushi rolls late on Tuesday. It became a near war-zone between a family that was looking to celebrate a private occasion and actor Saif Ali Khan who was here socialising with his girlfriend Kareena Kapoor and close family friends.It resulted in the arrest of Saif Ali Khan, Bilal Amrohi and builder Shakeel Ladakh who were part of the party, and later bailed out after paying a surety of Rs 15,000 each.The incident happened a little past midnight, when Iqbal Navin Sharma, 44, accompanied by his wife and in-laws, for a quiet dinner to celebrate his wedding anniversary, summoned the manager to request Saif and his friends to keep it down a little. According to the police, Khan, his girlfriend, her sister Karisma Kapur, designer Vikram Phadnis , Amrita Arora and her husband Shakeel Ladakh, Bilal Amrohi and Malaika Arora were having a small but noisy get together at the next table.\"They were shouting and talking so loudly that it was disturbing us. We wanted a little peace and not this hungama. I called the manager and asked him to tell them to lower their voices,\" said Sharma. The manager conveyed the message to Khan, who paid no heed to it. Subsequently, Sharma and his family decided to shift to another table downstairs and asked the waiters to shift the food as well.\"As we were headed downstairs Saif crossed our path as he was going towards the washroom. Seeing me he stopped and said 'You know something, you are an idiot. If you want some peace go to a library. This place is not for you',\" said Sharma. Unable to contain his rage, Sharma screamed back 'You are an idiot'. Following this, Saif turned back and punched Sharma on his nose, sending him flying down the stairs. Seeing his son-in-law in distress, Ramanbhai Patel, 68, came to his rescue and tried to intervene. This resulted in Saif pushing Patel on the ground.\"I landed on the stairs and hurt my head. It was then this friend of Saif (Shakeel Ladakh) charged towards me and punched me hard on the face. Even the girls who were with them did not try to stop them.They were in fact cheering their friends and hurling abuses at us,\" recalled Patel.Subsequently, Khan realised that the situation had gone out of hand when he saw the senior citizen in pain. He apologised but Patel demanded an apology to his son-in-law too. Saif refused and walked out of the restaurant, screaming, \"I have been brought up in a very cultured family.\"When contacted, Saif said, \"There was an ugly incident last night where my friends and the ladies accompanying us were abused and I was assaulted. I was hit and I defended myself. I have been to the police station to abide by the requirements of law as I am a law abiding citizen. I have also filed a complaint about what happened last night and I am confident justice will be done.\"Amrita Arora said, \"I guess we are paying the price of being celebs and whatever has happened is very unfortunate. They are on TV giving interviews; it's a common case of getting 15 minutes of fame. When you punch one of our guys and abuse the woman on our table, any man would respond in this fashion.\"Following the incident, Sharma called up a friend who later drove them to G T Hospital first and then to the Colaba police station. An FIR was registered by 3.30 am.Sharma and his family run a trade and investment business in South Africa and runs a business there. They are in India on a vacation, residing in Chrysalis building in Juhu. \"I didn't even know who he was until the manager told me that he was a well-known actor in Bollywood. I know that he will easily get a bail and the matter will die down. But I will fight it to the end and see that these people are punished,\" said Sharma.ACP Iqbal Shaikh said, \"Saif, Shakeel and Bilal were detained at their lawyer's office and later officially arrested in the police station, and subsequently released. We are now taking down the statements of the witnesses and the matter is under investigation.\"How cops goofed upAlthough the FIR was registered at 3.30 am and the complainant insisted that the police act quickly as the actor was drunk at the time, Colaba police allegedly made no quick moves. More than 12 hours after the FIR was registered, Colaba police detained Saif Ali Khan when he visited his lawyer at Raheja Chambers in Nariman Point on Wednesday evening. He was then brought to the police station through the back door.Sources alleged that a senior Crime Branch officer called up Colaba police station allegedly instructing them not to hurry the arrest and instead give the actor some time to surrender.Bollywood's fight clubSRK slaps Shirish Kunder At Sanjay Dutt's Agneepath bash, SRK slapped Farah Khan's husband Shirish. Khan was apparently annoyed with Kunder's constant sarcastic remarks about RA.One", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11999344", "title": "Fake VAO nabbed while trying to steal valuables", "text": "MADURAI: City police nabbed a thief, who used to trick people by claiming himself to be a village administrative officer from Aruppukottai and used to steal their valuables. After a lot of theft cases were reported in buses, public places where culprits tricked the unsuspecting public, using various attention diversion tactics, city police commissioner, P Kannappan ordered special teams to be formed to nab such culprits.The team led by South Gate inspector, Malaichamy were combing important places in the city. Recently, Kumaran from Aruppukottai approached a 50-year-old woman Bagavathy at the Government Rajaji Hospital ( GRH) and introduced himself as a VAO from Aruppukottai and that he was a distant relative of her. He allured her to get the old age pension and took her to a bank. He convinced her that she will not get the pension if found with valuable jewels. However, Bagavathy grew suspicious and refused to hand over the jewels. When he kept on insisting to hand over the jewels, she screamed for help. The police team combing the area caught hold of Kumaran and investigated him.Police said that he had confessed to his crime. Using the same trick, he had cheated public in 17 instances in Madurai, they said. Police recovered 43 sovereigns of gold jewellery worth Rs 8.5 lakh from him. He had been remanded and locked up in the central prison. Police have appealed to the public not to fall prey to such tricksters.In another incident, police arrested a goldsmith who created fake gold ornaments weighing nearly 100 sovereigns and pawned them at local pawn shops to make quick money. Saravanakumar (36) from Munichalai, a goldsmith learnt the trick to make fake ornaments from his friends in Kumbakonam. Upon returning to Madurai, he started manufacturing ornaments with copper and coat them with gold. He used to pawn such jewelleries and get money.At one point of time, he started deploying people to pawn the ornaments and provided them with some cash amount if they succeed in pawning the jewels. In this way, he had pawned around 100 sovereigns of jewels at various places in the rural limits.When a gold shop owner attempted to pledge the jewellery in a local bank, it was revealed that the gold jewellery was fake. He preferred a complaint with Thilagar Thidal police and they traced Saravanakumar.When the police raided his shop, they found Rs 2.29 lakh cash and five fake gold bangles. He was arrested and police are investigating where and all he pledged his fake jewels. They are also investigating about his accomplices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11998732", "title": "Cops must use weapons effectively: Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "NASHIK: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said that though the ongoing modernisation of the police force would continue, there was a need to make effective and optimum utilisation of equipment and weapons for better policing.In his inaugural address at the 55th All India Police Duty Meet at the Maharashtra Police Academy here on Wednesday, Chavan told the 928 participants of 28 police departments from all the country that the event was important for the police officers as the duty meet was not just a competition among different police forces of the country, but it was an opportunity to horn skills, learn from each other, discuss common problems and find solutions from it.Chavan further said that while acquiring modern weapons is a part of the police administration, making effective use of the same is also important. He said that the government too was pumping crores of rupees for modernisation of the police, to help them in better data collection and for analysing crimes.Since the past 12 years, the government has taken up a major modernisation drive in the police department under which fleets of police vehicles are being procured, offices are being computerised and new communication equipment are also being purchased.To serve this purpose, the Centre has given Rs 165 crore, while the state government has already spent Rs 103 crore on it, he said.Meanwhile, on the sidelines, the chief minister addressed industries' concerns of nearly Rs 14,000 crore of investment moving out of Nashik over the VAT issue and said the government was trying to find a way out of the situation.Touching on the drubbing that the Congress-NCP alliance got in the civic elections, Chavan said it was the people's mandate and he respected it. It was time to introspect and do analysis on what led to the failure of the alliance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001622", "title": "Will Jay go the Mahii way?", "text": "Jay Bhanushali may return to the fiction genre with a drama that revolves around a fair guy and an average looking dark-skinned girl.Interes-tingly, his real-life love, Mahii Vij played the dark-skinned Nakusha in Laagi Tujhse Lagan. It is learnt that this new show is about a guy who is already in love with a girl but his mother forces him to marry someone else.Jay told BT, \"I've been approached but that's all I can say for now.\" Producer Sumeet Mittal says, \"We have spoken to Jay. The casting has yet to be finalised and we are on the hunt for the leading lady.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11998364", "title": "16-day Bihar Utsav in March", "text": "PATNA: As part of the Bihar foundation day centenary celebration called Bihar Utsav, cultural functions would be organized at Dilli Haat, Noida Hall and Sirifort auditorium in Delhi next month, said industries department principal secretary C K Mishra. Cultural functions would be held for as many as 16 days at three selected venues.Mishra, who reviewed the preparations being made in this regard, said that two-day cultural function would be formally inaugurated at Noida Hall on March 22. He himself would inaugurate it. Otherwise, Dilli Haat would witness functions for 13 days, beginning March 16, and the Sirifort function would be held on March 28. Films pegged to promotion of Bihar pride would also be shown at the functions, and visitors would have an opportunity to purchase books on the same theme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12003024", "title": "No safety net for senior citizens with nuclear families on the rise", "text": "MUMBAI: The death of Sharda Kasabkar (70) after a year of lonely existence may not be an isolated incident. With nuclear families on the rise, and more young couples choosing to raise their children without the 'interference of an older generation', senior citizens are often left to fend for themselves in Mumbai. But experts say that nuclear families miss the cushion of unconditional love and support that only the elderly can provide.The Indian tradition of letting grandparents participate in parenting benefits everyone, say psychologists and family counsellors. Head of psychological medicine at KEM Hospital Dr Shubhangi Parkar said that the role of grandparents range from providing a cultural base to acting as mediator between parents and their children. \"Rebellious children are almost always at loggerheads with their parents. Here, the grandparents play an important role as an impartial negotiator,\" she said. \"The elderly can help the family tide over any crisis with advice, experience and emotional support. They provide a cultural root by giving children memories of people, relationships, etc,\" she added.On the flip side, city doctors also have cases where grandparents are seen as someone interfering with a disciplined upbringing . General secretary of Geriatric Society of India Dr OP Sharma said that inter-generation relations should be constantly evolving. \"Elders are a storehouse of knowledge and experience but they have to be accommodative and receptive to new ideas,\" he said.Consultant psychiatrist with P D Hinduja Hospital Dr Vasant Mundra said that while grandparents can be 'valuable baby-sitters ' and an excellent form of alternative parenting, there are also tricky situations involved that require tact. He explained that in certain number of cases, elderly people show massive personality changes as they age.\"Senior citizens themselves become childlike and demand attention. In most cases, their own children find it difficult to accept why their parent is behaving in a particular way when they are supposed to be and caring ,\" said Mundra. \"Here, couples have to understand and handle their parents with compassion ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12001663", "title": "A new coffee story is set to brew", "text": "News of the world's largest coffee chain, Starbucks, tying up with the Tatas to make a debut in India has sparked a lot of excitement among Ludhianvis and has them waiting anxiously for the outlet to open soon.Aseem Doomra, a 21-year-old engineering student of Model Town who developed love for having coffee at coffee shops, said, \"I started having coffee five years ago and have ever since loved the experience of relaxing at a coffee shop and having a sip.'' Having tried coffee at various cafes including Barista and Bakes and Beans, Aseem's verdict is that Cafe Coffee Day has the best drink in town. \"I love cappuccino and tropical iceberg the coffee available in Cafe Coffee Day (CCD) but ever since I have heard of Starbucks coming to town, I'm eagerly waiting to try it. We love new things particularly if its got to do with food and beverages. Though I have never had Starbucks coffee my sister, Silvia, who works as a software developer in the US, has been raving about it,'' he added.Starbucks is not new to Parminder Johal, a businessman staying in Sarabha Nagar. Often shuttling between Canada and Ludhiana for business, he has had the coffee in many cities of Canada and vouches that it is the best. \"It is strong and has a strong aroma, which makes it different from the coffee served at any other coffee house. Though it is a little expensive, I think it gets justified by the taste of coffee and ambience. I particularly like mocha flavour,'' said Parminder.Businessman Sahil Nagrath, a resident of South City, has to down a frappe or tropical iceberg for his body to work well. \"I have been having coffee every day for about 10 years from Barista, One Happy Beans, Bakes and Beans and CCD and as of now my favourite place is CCD. It's about how strong the coffee is and what its topped with. I have heard about Starbucks and I think it will be good because it is an international brand. Every coffee lover in Ludhiana is waiting for the world-class brand to open up here,'' he said.Sarabha Nagar-resident Devam, a businessman, said he had Starbucks coffee while on a business trip to Hong Kong a couple of years ago. \"It was amazing. Not only so they serve great coffee, even the ambience of their outlets is awesome. I am very excited about Starbucks coming to Ludhiana but I hope they maintain the international standards here also,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-23"}
