{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011432", "title": "Three suicides reported in city", "text": "NAGPUR: Three people, including a BCom first year student, are reported to have committed suicide in the city over the last 24 hours. However, in all three cases the reason is yet to be ascertained.On Wednesday evening, 19-year-old Sonali Mane was found hanging from the ceiling fan at her New Subhedar layout residence in Sakkardara. Police said her mother found the body in the evening. Police said no suicide note was found from the house.In the second incident, an unidentified body of a man in his 40s was found hanging from a tree below Sakkardara flyover on Thursday morning. In both cases, Sakkardara police have registered cases of accidental death.A 22-year-old mentally disturbed youth succumbed to his burn injuries after he set himself ablaze on Sunday. Ashish Khare, a resident of Barasignal in Borkar Nagar, died during treatment at Government Medical Hospital on Thursday morning.According to the police, Khare had set him ablaze a year earlier too but was saved by his family members. On Sunday, Khare was alone at home when he took the extreme step. Family members attributed his mental illness as the reason for the extreme step. Imambada police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12012320", "title": "Ponty's kin had raid info three days in advance", "text": "NEW DELHI: The income tax officials who arrived at a sugar mill belonging to a relative of UP's liquor baron Gurdeep 'Ponty' Chadha to carry out a surprise search and seizure operation as part of their larger exercise against the resourceful businessman were in for a big surprise themselves.Far from being shocked, the managers and employees of the mill seemed pretty prepared to receive the I-T officials. If this was not enough to shock the \"raiding \"party, their hosts also told them that they had information about the impending \"surprise\" operation and had been preparing for their arrival for the last three days.The experience ties in with the lingering suspicion in the I-T department that the politically resourceful Chadha may have been tipped off about the search plans. Although the I-T department has denied that its plans were leaked, the sudden transfer of the member investigation in CBDT has ensured that the speculation persists.In a statement issued after the raid, a CBDT spokesperson said nearly Rs 11 crore was seized along with several documents and that the search operation was still incomplete.Chadha is considered close to the UP chief minister and the entire political spectrum in UP and runs a chain of sugar factories and has complete control over liquor distribution in the state.The timing of the I-T search, a day before the first phase of polls started in UP, raised many eyebrows.The mandarins in North Block are also looking at reasons why nearly 13 premises went without any search carried on them despite warrants issued for them. For the search operation, the I-T teams had taken out nearly 32 warrants to cover as many premises belonging to Chadha and his close associates. Only 19 premises were covered by the raid parties that included the much hyped commercial complex in Noida where a chest was forced opened but nothing was recovered.The search was given a green signal from top officials in North Block after \"intelligence\" inputs suggested recovery of more than Rs 100 crore from the tycoon's office, located in a shopping mall owned by him in Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12013837", "title": "\u2018I\u2019ll complete my term as CM\u2019", "text": "MANGALORE: Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda on Thursday expressed confidence of remaining in power till the term of the current state assembly ends. \"I'm a disciplined person of the party and have become chief minister with the blessings of my party (high command),\" the CM said, adding that he would remain in power (with the blessings of the high command).\"I'm also the leader of the legislature party and will remain so,\" he added.In a brief interaction with mediapersons on his arrival to participate in the 30th convocation of Mangalore University here on Thursday, the CM said one need not attach any special importance to the luncheon meeting that his predecessor B S Yeddyurappa had with fellow legislators and MPs. \"We have had such lunches in the past, and will continue to do so in the future,\" he said, adding that he had met Yeddyurappa before heli-hopping to the coastal city.Dismissing certain claims that there was groupism in BJP's state unit or that it had affected his functioning, the CM said: \"I'm not perturbed by these developments, nor has it cast any shadow on the manner in which I have functioned in the last six months, nor will it do so in the future.\" Referring to his video-conference with deputy commissioners on drinking water situation in the state on Wednesday, the CM said, \"This is ample proof that administration is on track.\" Gowda added: \"I interacted with the DCs of four districts where the Right to Services Act will be implemented on a pilot basis from March 1.\" There were also meetings with principal secretaries of commercial taxes and other important departments in connection with preparation of the state budget, he said, adding that political developments had not fazed him one bit.\"I will present the state budget as scheduled,\" he added.On his visit to the city amidst fast-changing political developments in Bangalore, the CM said: \"I have to attend the event as I hold the additional portfolio of higher education (after the demise of V S Acharya) and am the Pro-Chancellor of the university. The governor, who is the chancellor, too is busy with his gubernatorial duties in Kerala and this warranted my presence here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12011892", "title": "Filmmaker Apoorva Lakhia's father arrested in land dispute", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Navrangpura police station officials arrested Sheetal Lakhia, father of Bollywood filmmaker Apoorva Lakhia, on Thursday in connection with a land deal row where he is accused of selling his land near Aslali to two different persons in 2003 and again in 2011.Navrangpura police station inspector P M Sarvaiya told TOI: \"A complaint has been filed against six persons. While Lakhia was arrested on Thursday afternoon, manhunt for others has been launched. We've also roped in land registration officials of the district to verify ownership claims.\"After his arrest though, Lakhia refuted all the charges against him.\"I have nothing to hide and I will come out clean in the issue,\" he told reporters at Navrangpura police station.A complaint of cheating was filed against Lakhia by Sameersinh Vaghela, a businessman who has an office in Samudra Complex, CG Road. According to Vaghela, Lakhia sold him a land in outskirts of Aslali in 2003. After the sale, he also provided him with the authentic documents of land possession.\"Last year, he saw an advertisement in newspaper where Punjab National Bank had asked for any objection to the sale of the same piece of land which he had purchased from Lakhia. When he approached the bank officials, he got to know that Lakhia had already hypothecated the land with the bank to raise Rs 3.15 crore in 1991. Due to an error in land ownership records with the district collector, the land was shown on Lakhia's name even after he availed the bank loan. Lakhia allegedly took advantage of the situation,\" said a Navrangpura police official.Vaghela filed a complaint against Lakhia for cheating and a civil lawsuit over land ownership issues. Vaghela has told the cops that the same piece of land has also been sold to Subhash Soni, a resident of Narol, by Lakhia in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12013054", "title": "Madness at its Peak", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Waiting time at junctions is fast increasing at four crossings on Madhya Marg and there is an immediate need for grade separators (flyovers or underpasses). These junctions are Press Chowk, Transport Nagar Chowk, Railway Station Chowk, and Housing Board Chowk. This has been pointed out by RITES, the consultancy arm of Indian Railways in its Comprehensive Mobility Plan ( CMP) on the basis of a detailed traffic survey.Delay to stream traffic occurs due to traffic signals at junctions, traffic congestions on road sections (due to traffic, road side encroachments, road accidents, lack of lane discipline), presence of signals at short length, it says. And due to delay caused by traffic lights, there is not much difference between on-peak and off-peak speed on the main arteries.Road Network Inventory within the Chandigarh Urban Complex (Chandigarh, Panchkula, Mohali and Zirakpur) was carried out as a part of the study for primary and secondary roads. A coded road network has been prepared covering all primary and secondary roads. Each junction has been numbered as a node and the road connecting any two nodes is defined as a link.For the purpose of the network survey V1, V2 and V3 roads are considered. The total existing road network of Chandigarh Urban Complex considered for this study consists of total 514 links. The total length of the covered road network is 487km with an average link length of 0.95km.It indicates that there is practically no scope for further widening of V3 roads except some geometric improvement at junctions.Further, if the traffic continues to grow at the existing pace, the major road network will get choked in the following decade. Therefore, to overcome the problem a citywide good public mass transport system is urgently required for Chandigarh Urban Complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12012756", "title": "Garo Hills on high alert following GNLA ambush", "text": "SHILLONG: High alert has been sounded in East Garo Hills district of Meghalaya following Tuesday's ambush on security personnel by GNLA militants. \"We are on high alert to pre-empt any possible sabotage by rebels of the outfit,\" said a top police officer.On Tuesday, East Garo Hills SP JFK Marak and top officers of the district had a narrow escape when cadres of the GNLA ambushed them at Samanda, a forest area, when they were on their way to Tura for inspection.Following the incident, the police team also retaliated but the militants managed to escape. No one was injured in the exchange of fire. The incident happened within 48 hours of the visit of Union home minister P Chidambaram to the state capital.Notably, Chidambaram had shut the door for dialogue with the Garo outfit stating that there could be \"no negotiation\" with GNLA until it abjures violence. The GNLA, floated by a deserter deputy superintendent of Meghalaya Police, is the most active militant group in Meghalaya at present. It has been blamed for rampant extortion in the Garo Hills belt.The outfit, claiming to be fighting for an \"independent Garoland\", had also carried out a number of kidnappings over the last one year and killed policemen and civilians. The Centre declared GNLA as a terrorist organization on January 12 last.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011720", "title": "At first, I didn't know it was a record: Rawat", "text": "NAGPUR: At that moment, it seemed a routine affair. When Madhya Pradesh's Rameez Khan edged one off Anureet Singh to Mahesh Rawat-the seventh similar kind of dismissal of the day-Railways players, as usual, rushed to congratulate the bowler. It was only after local statistician informed everyone of the record at the end of the match that the attention zoomed on Rawat. The 26-year-old had set a national record in List A matches pouching seven catches\"At first, I didn't know it was a record. We were just going for lunch after the match when the statistician told me that it's a record. It was an amazing feeling,\" said an elated Rawat while talking to TOI after his side drubbed MP by nine wickets on Thursday.\"When I took the fifth catch, I knew it was my personal best and even after grabbing the seventh I was just hoping that this would be some sought of record. I'm glad it's a national one.\"The 26-year-old Rawat, a former India 'A' player, took four catches off seamer Shailender Gehlot's bowling while he got a couple more off Krishnakant Upadhyay's bowling.\"The good carry in the pitch also helped me as the ball was coming nicely on to the gloves. So, I had little difficulty grabbing the ball. It feels good that my hard work is paying off really well. I am happy that my efforts helped my team record big victory,\" said the stumper, who has also played for Rajasthan Royals in the Indian Premier League.For the record, only two wicketkeepers have got more catches in a List A (50-overs match) than the Railway wicketkeeper. Somerset wicketkeeper Derek Taylor and Worcestershire glovesman James Pipe had taken eight catches in List A matches, while Boland wicketkeeper Steve Palframan had eight victims in a One-day match, which included three stumpings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011848", "title": "Board goes all out to reduce exam tension", "text": "MUMBAI: A main reason for the state board to announce a time-table for HSC and SSC exams at the start of the academic year was to reduce anxiety among students. Last year, the board decided to give breaks before every exam, to give students time to revise.\"I ensured the important portion for all subjects was covered before the exams. I stopped studying two days before the exams and with a day in hand before every paper, I'll have enough time to revise,\" said Saahil Vadiya, an HSC student. Even though some had complained about the board exams dragging on because of the holidays between every paper, many thanked officials for the welcome break. \"Students are very relaxed as they don't need to rush home after every exam to prepare for the next paper. Even the papers are easy and simple so we haven't received many complaints from students,\" said Marie Fernandes, principal, St Andrew's College, Bandra (W).Divisional board secretary Ravindra Bhise told TOI the board has been making efforts to reduce the exam burden. \"Last year, we followed a similar pattern for HSC and SSC exams. This year too students took time to settle down on the first two days and ever since it has been smooth sailing,\" he said.Every year, students had to wait for two-three weeks after their last theory paper to appear for the IT online exam. \"This year, we have a 10- to 12-day break after which our IT paper is scheduled. I'm not worried much about the portion now,\" said Sanskriti Parikh, another HSC student.Hassle-free dayOfficials did not report any hassles on Day 3 of the HSC exams. The state board helpline received nearly 90 calls on Thursday and most were from SSC students. \"We hardly received calls from HSC students. Most came form SSC students inquiring about exam centres that have not been declared,\" said an official.SSC exam datesExams for English-medium SSC students will start on March 3. TOI on Thursday received calls from parents who were confused about the dates. While HSC examinations are under way, SSC exams will begin on March 1. \"The first paper will be for students who have Marathi, Urdu and Gujarati as their first language,\" said a senior board official. Students who have opted for French will appear on March 1 at 3pm. SSC exams will end on March 13 (Science II paper for repeaters).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12012767", "title": "Govt moots changes in development control rules", "text": "PUNE: The state government has proposed to amend the development control (DC) rules of municipal corporations for reserving space to provide affordable work spaces in new constructions on plots measuring more than two hectares. Such space will also be provided in markets that the civic bodies will develop or redevelop. The step aims at boosting self-employment.Speaking to TOI, Pratibha Bhadane, deputy director, town planning department, said, \"The state government has invited suggestions and objections from citizens and opinions of civic bodies on the proposed changes. The Pimpri-Chinchwad civic administration has sent its opinion to the law committee, which will send it to the general body for approval. Later, the opinion will be sent to the state government. The new rules will be applicable to new constructions that will come up within the municipal limits.\"The state government, through a government resolution, wants to make two amendments in the DC rules - making it mandatory for reserving 5% space as amenity space in plots measuring more than two hectares and reserving 10% space to provide affordable work space. 10% of the space in municipal corporations' new or redeveloped shopping centres or markets will also be reserved as affordable work space.The government resolution pointed out that the main hurdle in self-employment efforts was availability of space to do business. \"The problem of land availability has become acute in Mumbai and other big cities due to constant rise in land prices. As a result, there is growing encroachment on government land. The Union and state governments have approved the concept of affordable housing and the state governments have been taking up schemes for providing affordable housing,\" the resolution said, adding that there was a need to implement the concept of affordable work spaces which will be complementary to the affordable housing concept. The spaces will offer opportunities to the common man for self-employment.The state government has directed municipal corporations to invite written suggestions and objections from citizens for making changes in the DC rules. These will be later submitted to the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12010813", "title": "Poor kids connect with radio phone project", "text": "GURGAON: With the aim of reaching out to the community that lives on the less fortunate side of the digital divide or has no access to education, a unique initiative of the radio phone school programme was launched last August by the team of \" Galli Galli Sim Sim\" and Gurgaon community radio and mobile phones.The plan involved reaching out to students in various government and NGO-run schools and for children of migrant families through a daily half-hour programme to teach students the essence of health and hygiene.Five months later, the programme seems to be gathering momentum and witnessing success in the remote corners and bylanes of the city often forgotten by the civic bodies. Families have also been provided smart phones through Qualcomm's Wireless Reach and are given basic training in operating them.The project had three main components - development and broadcast of high quality educational radio content reflecting community issues concerning children; enabling increased access of this content to communities through integration with a 3G-enabled platform; and, the just-launched school programme that leverages the existing radio broadcasts with in-school learning materials.According to Madhu Devi - a domestic cleaner who moved to the city four years ago from Delhi, with her family of four children and her husband working as a sweeper at a city-based export firm, the toughest challenge was to get education for her children. \"The quality of education in Delhi and Gurgaon are poles apart. The teachers here lack interest and in order to make a living in the escalating prices, my husband and I had to keep working for long hours. This took its toll on the health of my children and on my daily chores to the extent that I even forgot to maintain basic hygiene at home.\"Madhu, who lives in Sheetla colony, had frequent incidents of her children falling ill. She was introduced to the radio programme by one of her employers and she was provided with a 3G-enabled radio phone. To her surprise, regularly tuning in to the programme has taught her children lessons in basic hygiene.\"They make it a point to brush their teeth before going to sleep and wash their hands before eating,\" smiles Madhu. \"Now they are much healthier,\" she adds with a smile, attributing it to her phone.In another case, Meenu, a homemaker with two children, feels that ever since they started watching \"Galli Galli Sim Sim\" on the phone she has been able to guide her children in their studies better.\"The programme also educates on the benefits of proper nutrition and vaccinating children and mother. I make it a point to make nursing mothers listen to the programme whenever I find time,\" said Meenu of Basai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12012729", "title": "Assam University to honour Bangladeshi writer", "text": "SILCHAR: Assam University, Silchar, a central varsity situated at Dorgakona near here, will confer Honoris Causa (an honorary academic degree) on Hasan Azizul Huq, a Bangladeshi writer, reputed for his short stories. The degree will be conferred during the varsity's 12th convocation on March 6.Assam University sources on Thursday said altogether seven eminent personalities will be awarded the degree during the occasion. \"The academic council has proposed their names which have been sent to the Union ministry of human resource development. We are awaiting MHRD nod,\" said Assam University registrar (in-charge) Niranjan Roy.Sources from Dhaka said Huq has expressed his happiness at the proposal of the AU authorities and he is eager to come down to India and receive the honour.Born on February 2, 1939 in Jabgraam inBurdwan district of West Bengal, Hasan Azizul Huq, later, moved to Fultala in Bangladesh along with his parents. He taught in the department of philosophy of Rajshahi University for a long time and retired as a professor of philosophy. Huq is well known for his experimentations with the language and introducing modern idioms in his writings. His use of language and symbolism has earned him critical acclaim. His stories explore the psychological depths of human beings and also portray the lives of peasants of Bangladesh.Huq has received most major literary awards of Bangladesh, including the Bangla Academy Award. He also received Ananda Puraskar of West Bengal. The Assam University, which came into existence through Assam (Central) University Act, 1989, has conferred Honoris Causa on Sourav Ganguly , the Indian cricket icon during its 11th convocation.The degrees proposed to be conferred on the students of the varsity in the 12th convocation include Ph D and M Phil-2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12013886", "title": "Real estate booms in Kannur", "text": "KANNUR: Kannur, which has always maintained a small-town character, is not a place one would associate with booming real estate business. But the moment you reach the border areas of Kannur town, high-rise buildings come upon you from all corners.From prime locations like Payyambalam beach area to dry suburbs, new apartment projects come up everyday and they cost you anything between Rs 35 lakh to Rs 90 lakh per unit, depending on the profile of the locality, amenities, and of course the luxuries offered.Interestingly, everyone offers luxuries and claims to be the best. When contacted, three builders who are developing properties in Payyambalam, offered flats and apartments in the range of Rs 3,200 to Rs 4,250 per square feet. But in many cases you will have to pay around Rs 2 lakh extra for a car parking space. Also, the rate that the builder offers does not include the registration fee, which is around 10% of the price of the apartment.While you can get a flat at Kakkanad, in Kochi, for Rs 2,950 to Rs 3,000 per sq ft, even in the suburban Kannur, you will not get property for that price. Why the price is so high here? The builders say the land cost in Kannur is much higher, compared to other parts of the state.If you are looking for an investment, better you opt for places like Kazhakkoottam (in Thiruvananthapuram), where you can buy a flat in the range of Rs 2,750 per sq ft, suggested the customer care executive of a real estate company here.Of course, some small-time builders offer low rates in Kannur too, but there is no assurance that you would get the same quality that is mentioned in the brochure. Even the 'economy type' flat will cost you anywhere between Rs 2,500 to Rs 2,800 per sq ft. Remember, just seven years back, the rate was less than Rs 1,000 per sq ft in Kannur.And, if you are looking for a commercial property in one of those malls, it can cost you something to the tune of Rs 10,000 to 11,000 and upward per sq ft.The quality of these apartments is a major matter of concern, says C H Aboobacker Hajee, a builder and contractor in the city, who adds that the quality of raw materials used in these buildings is also not reliable. \"The government agencies that are supposed to ensure the quality of the buildings are neck-deep in corruption, so how can you expect quality?\" he asks. Another builder of the yester years, who left the field due to the 'unethical' competition in the market, says it is not worth investing in flats and apartments here, because it will be tough to sell it off and also the appreciation is less.\"The main reason for the escalating price is that most of the people who buy flats are NRIs. While many of them pump in black money in to real estate business, the common people, who have no idea about the real estate industry, also invest in flats, mistaking it as investment,\" he adds on conditions of anonymity. Many of them now regret the move, he points out.Also, many properties in Payyambalam are constructed flouting CRZ construction norms (the area which falls within 200 meters of the coastline, where no construction is permitted), he added.Recently, the construction of a flat complex has to be suspended in the Thilleri area following the opposition of the local people, who said that the 15-storey building would affect the water resources in the area. A study conducted by the groundwater department also came to the conclusion that the concern was justified.If you don't use you discretionary power in buying a property, beware, you may not get what you dreamed, because the real estate is the sector where the most unrealistic things happen!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011959", "title": "Ramlila crackdown: BJP targets Delhi Police, home ministry on SC's Ramdev verdict", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the backdrop of the Supreme Court verdict on the midnight crackdown on Ramdev's supporters at Ramlila Grounds in last June, Opposition BJP on Thursday targeted the Delhi Police, the Union home ministry and the government but rued the yoga guru too has been indicted.BJP maintained that Delhi police alone should not be held guilty for the \"human rights violations\" as it was \"acting at the behest of their bosses in the central government, namely, Congress chief Sonia Gandhi, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Union ministers P Chidambaram and Kapil Sibal .\"Such an attack on peaceful supporters of Ramdev would not have been possible without political clearance at a very high level. The policemen have suffered but what about political accountability?\" BJP chief spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said.He alleged that not only home minister Chidambaram and HRD minister Sibal were \"accountable and responsible\" for the incident but also Sonia Gandhi and the Prime Minister. \"(That is)... because her party and the government have sustained a campaign against Ramdev, Anna Hazare and Sri Sri Ravi Shankar,\" Prasad alleged.However, BJP disagreed with the Supreme Court for holding Ramdev responsible for \"contributory negligence\".\"We do not agree with this view of the Supreme Court. Only if the crowd had been violent could Ramdev be held responsible. The organiser of the agitation cannot be held equally responsible. Then by the same measure, Mahatma Gandhi would be held equally responsible for the atrocities of the British during the freedom struggle,\" another party spokesperson Prakash Javadekar said.BJP does not agree with the SC order that Ramdev's Bharat Swabhiman Trust should pay 25 per cent of the compensation, Javdekar said.BJP alleged the home ministry headed by Chidambaram, the top brass of the UPA government as well as Sonia Gandhi had issued directions to Delhi Police to go ahead with the crackdown.Javadekar insisted the Apex court has indicted Delhi Police - and by extension the central government - on counts of perpetrating police action against a lawful gathering, acting in a barbaric manner, breaching the peace enforced by Section 144 IPC, attacking a crowd which was asleep, among other issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12012421", "title": "Inter-district gang of criminals busted", "text": "The Gaya police on Thursday busted an inter-district gang of criminals specializing in loot of temple property. Six members of the gang have been arrested by the police. The gang was also involved in the Tekari temple loot case in which antique ashtdhatu idols of Lord Ram, Sita, Laxman and Hanuman were looted at gunpoint from an old Hindu shrine in Tekari on January 28, 2012. The four idols of the deities have been recovered. Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar said police also recovered three country-made weapons and 20 rounds of ammunition from the possession of the gang members.LNMU VC awarded: LNMU VC Samrendra Pratap Singh, was honoured with Amity Academic International Excellence award by Amity University on the occasion of 14th International Business Horizon (INBUSH-2012) organized in Delhi on Thursday. The citation with the award handed over to Singh states that this award has been bestowed on him for being a profound scholar, a professional par excellence with an impeccable academic background.IED recovered: A combined team of the Gaya police, STF, COBRA and CRPF on Thursday recovered a ready-to-use IED used for ambushing police party by laying landmines from the Naxal-affected Dumaria area of the district. The timely recovery of the detonator-fitted device was made during a combing operation to flush out Maoists from their hideouts. Three members of CPI(Maoist) were also arrested during the joint operation. Confirming the recovery of the ready-to-use IED, Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar said that raids at Naxal hideouts were made on the basis of revelations of Arvind Pal, a self-styled area commander of the Maoist outfit. The police also recovered three regular rifles and a substantial quantity of explosives, said the SSP. One motorcycle belonging to the Naxals was also seized.35 matric examinees held for using unfair means: 35 examinees appearing at the ongoing BSEB examination for Class X at Gaya were held on the charge of using unfair means in the examination on the second day of the exam. Besides being expelled, the examinees were also taken into custody for summary trial under the Examination Act 1980. Confirming the arrests, Gaya Sadar SDO Paritosh Kumar said that the maximum number of arrests were made at the Gaya College centre. Twenty of the 35 examinees held during the examination were arrested from the Gaya College centre alone. Besides Gaya College, Gaya, examinees were also held at the Gyandeep Public School, Kindui centre.Monk's body lies unclaimed in ANMMCH: The body of the middle-aged Tibetan monk is lying unclaimed in the ANMMCH, Gaya, as nobody has so far come forward to claim the monk's body. The monk was found hanging from a tree on the south western outskirts of the Bodh Gaya township on Wednesday morning. Police believe it to be a case of suicide. However, no suicide note was found at the place of occurrence.Criminals torch road construction machine: Unidentified criminals on Wednesday night torched a JCB machine used in the road construction work near Chamandi village in the Chandauti police station area of Gaya district. Confirming the incident, DSP Imtiaz Ahmad said that prima facie it appeared to be the outcome of contract-related rivalry. The case is being investigated, though no arrests have so far been made in this connection, said the DSP.Pregnant woman killed: A young pregnant woman, who was often tortured and harassed for dowry, was strangled to death at her'`sasural' in Kamalpur village under Balia-Belan police station in Katihar district on Tuesday night. After the killing, her body was hung from the roof as a cover-up and to give the impression that she had ended her lifer herself, informed sources said. The deceased Rozi's father Abdul Jabbar, in an FIR lodged with Balia-Belan police station on Wednesday, slapped the charges of killing his daughter on his son-in-law Soheb Alam and his parents. He has stated that ever since the marriage three years back, Alam and his parents always pestered and even bashed up his daughter for dowry. A few days back he was asked by his 'samadhi' (son-in-law's father) to take away his daughter as she was in an advanced stage of pregnancy. Before he could convey anything, he was informed late on Tuesday night that she committed suicide by hanging herself with a rope, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011398", "title": "Ashok Leyland signed up to maintain city buses", "text": "NAGPUR: There is some good news for city bus commuters. At least some of the buses they travel in are likely to be better maintained. Operator Vansh Nimay Infraprojects has signed annual maintenance contract (AMC) with vehicle maker Ashok Leyland.The present fleet of 470 city buses include 112 from Ashok Leyland make, 278 from Tata Motors and 80 from Eicher. Most of them are in poor state owing to absence of maintenance. At least 100 buses are lying defunct. Vansh Nimay's manager Mahesh Kandalkar said Ashok Leyland would maintain their 112 buses. Vansh has also approached Tata Motors and soon they too would begin providing maintenance service.He said Ashok Leyland had already started maintaining its buses. \"We have fitted new rear windows on many buses and would soon complete the work on remaining that need it,\" he said. Kandalkar admitted that there was a delay providing for proper maintenance of the city buses. Until recently due to the lack of a full-fledged workshop, maintenance had taken a back seat. Automatic washing units, which NMC had promised to set up, have not been made available yet. The buses are cleaned manually.\"It will not be the case now,\" assured Kandalkar. He, however, refused to divulge financial details of the deal. \"Our focus is to give better service to commuters,\" he claimed. \"Our buses are soft targets. Whenever there is a bandh or any disturbance anywhere, our buses are targeted. On an average, we lose two or three windows every week,\" he added.He claimed the AMC will help improve frequency of buses on busy routes including Kamptee, Hingna and Butibori. Tie up with original manufacturer would also ensure use of genuine parts. \"We have experienced huge loss after fake spare parts were used in our buses,\" he claimed.A senior NMC official said that the move would help commuters get better service. He, however, added that the private operator had to take care of problems like maintenance, cleanliness and safety of commuters. So far the operator had failed to follow the terms of agreement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12012807", "title": "'Error' in candidate's name on EVM", "text": "IMPHAL: Md Azizur Rahman Shah, a Manipuri Muslim candidate who contested the recent state assembly election from Lilong constituency on the Regional Manipur State Congress Party (MSCP) ticket, has accused the Election Commission of putting his name wrongly in EVMs and creating confusion among the voters. He said his name was erroneously put in the list of the candidates' names in the EVM as 'Md Azizur Shah' . Rahman was among the seven candidates contesting for the Muslim-dominated Lilong constituency in Thoubal district.Rahman said that he had lost many votes because the error confused the people of the constituency and that his rival candidates had spread a rumour that he had withdrawn his candidature. Rahman has demanded the EC to hold a repoll in the constituency. \"I will move the court for justice if the ECI fails to follow up on my complaint,\" Rahman said.His name was correctly recorded in his matriculation certificate as Md Azizur Rahman Shah and the same was incorporated on the list of candidates issued by the returning officer on January 14, said Rahman, a retired chief engineer in Manipur minor irrigation department. \"On the poll day, I lodged a verbal complaint regarding the error in my name in the EVM to some of presiding officers but no action was taken,\" Rahman said.He added that cases of proxy voting also came up in some polling stations with some casting votes against the names of dead persons and persons who were out of station. On February 18, Rahman submitted a complaint putting all these points to the state chief electoral officer, copies of which were also forwarded to the Chief Election Commissioner and other relevant authorities demanding a repoll in Lilong constituency at the earliest.Manipur went to the polls on January 28 to elect 60 legislators for the tenth Manipur assembly and a repoll was conducted in 34 booths on February 4 in the five hill districts of Senapati, Ukhrul, Chandel, Tamenglong and Churachandpur. Rahman's allegation came amid the EC's preparation for holding another round of repoll after gross mistmatch was found in voters' photos and the photographs incorporated in the electoral rolls.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12011343", "title": "Centre chiefs shunted out following mass copying cases in Kalamb", "text": "YAVATMAL: The education officer (secondary), Gangadhar Jadhao on Wednesday shunted out the exam centre chiefs of junior colleges in village Mankapur and Veni Kota of Kalamb tehsil of Yavatmal district after mass copying was detected on Tuesday by the special flying squad officials.According to Jadhao, orders were issued to replace the centre chiefs at Mankapur College Manisha Adhal and her deputy Kailash Jadhao and centre chief of Shivsakti Junior College at Veni Kota Arvind Deshmukh and his deputy is Pradeep Thone. He also demanded reports from concerned persons for further action against them.On the role of the 'sit and watch squad', the EO said that they are expected to keep a close watch over the examination and if anything illegal is detected, higher authorities should immediately be informed for further action. He admitted that the tehsildar of Naib and one employee of the Kalamb tehsil were deployed at the Mankapur-based Rabindranath Tagore Junior College and they were present at the centre when the flying squad, under the leadership of block development officer (BDO) of Kalamb P S Rajesh Gaynar, visited the centre.\"The BDO should have immediately filed an FIR in the police station against the centre in charge and the invigilators responsible for the alleged mass copying,\" Jadhao said, adding that action will be taken after the concerned officers submit their reports.When contacted, the district collector Shravan Hardikar said that he has called for reports from the education officer and the BDO, following which stern action would be taken against the guilty.\"The flying squad is expected to file instant FIR in the police station, however in this case no FIR was registered,\" collector admitted, adding that he will have to follow the official procedures before taking any punitive action against the guilty.When asked why his own revenue employees deployed in the centres remained mute spectators at the centres, he said that he had called for a detail report and action would be taken against them too in due course of time.The parents of the students at both the centres have demanded stringent action against the erring officials and managements where mass copying was allowed.Meanwhile, all the officers, namely, BDO of Kalamb PS, tehsildar of Kalamb and education officer are trying to wash off their hands and efforts are afoot from both the involved teachers, board member and the revenue employees to hush up the matter so as to save their faces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12013825", "title": "Untimely training will affect results: teachers", "text": "MANGALORE: High school teachers in the district complained that the compulsory trainings under Rashtriya Madhyamika Shikshana Abhiyan (RMSA) for teachers will affect the results of SSLC and other classes.Karnataka State High School Assistant Teachers' Association Dakshina Kannada district committee members requested that such trainings not be organized between January and March. They said that teachers in all high schools engage in helping students to prepare for annual examinations through revision of subjects during January-March.However, all high school headmasters and senior assistant teachers were forced to attend 5-10 days of residential trainings held in January under RMSA, which will be introduced in schools from next academy year.Association district president Ramakrishna Shirooru told TOI that teachers will not be able to concentrate on the students' education if they were sent for training in such crucial periods. \"We have requested the authorities concerned to look into the issue and organize trainings in the beginning of the academic year in future,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12013693", "title": "Haryana assembly: Opposition stages walkout over 'fewer sittings'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Opposition parties in Haryana assembly on Tuesday staged a walkout to protest the \"few sittings\" of the house during the budget session of the Haryana assembly which began here with the governor's address.Leader of BJP legislature group, Anil Vij, said that the session has been called after six months, but there will be only eight sittings of the house this time. Parliamentary affairs minister, Randeep Singh Surjewala, however said that the decision in this regard was taken by business advisory committee of the Vidhan Sabha which includes opposition leaders also.Not satisfied with his arguments, members of INLD, BJP and the lone member of HJC, Renuka Bishnoi, who took oath on Thursday, staged a walkout.Later, pandemonium prevailed in the assembly as main opposition INLD sought the speaker's ruling over the legality of a house committee, formed to probe \"irregularities\" by trusts or societies of familymembers of former chief minister Om Prakash Chautala .Holding that constitution of the committee six months ago was \"illegal and unconstitutional\" and against parliamentary conventions (since the matter was already before the court), INLD leaders, including Sher Singh Badshami, demanded that speaker Kuldeep Sharma give his ruling in this regard.However, Congress MLA, Sampat Singh, questioned as to how a ruling is possible before a discussion over the matter.The house also adopted the report of business advisory committee (BAC) as per which budget for 2012-13 will be presented by finance minister HS Chatha on March 5. Three days have been allocated for discussion on governor's address and two days for discussion on budget proposals. The session would end on March 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12013747", "title": "Railway employees stage protest", "text": "HUBLI: Members of the Nairuthya Railway Mazdoor Sangh (NRMS) on Thursday staged a protest against the anti-labour policies of Central government. They also demanded the state government fulfill their long-pending demands in Hubli.The protesters staged a dharna in front of the South Western Railway general manager's office here.Their demands include merging of 50% of the DA with the basic pay, restoration of old pension scheme for all employees, scrapping outsourcing, privatization and contract labour system, and making the pay of contract labours's on par with that of regular employees. The protesters also asked the Railways to fill up all the vacancies as early as possible. Abdul Gani, president NRMS, I S Karale, vice-president of the NRMS, and others participated in the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12013549", "title": "Hiranandani to challenge HC\u2019s restraint order", "text": "MUMBAI: Developer Niranjan Hiranandani on Thursday said he was consulting his lawyers to file a special leave petition in the Supreme Court to challenge the Bombay High Court order against his Powai project.On Wednesday, the high court restrained the developer from further construction on the remaining portion of the land without its consent. The court also ordered the developer to build 3,100 affordable homes of 430 sq ft and 861 sq ft as per the agreement between Hiranandani, state government and MMRDA more than two decades ago.A petition filed by activist Medha Patkar said the developer never built these affordable homes, but instead illegally amalgamated them and sold them as single units to high-end clients.Speaking to TOI on Thursday, Hiranandani said his company had stopped selling flats in its sprawling Powai complex since the past three years. \"Although construction continued, we did not sell any apartment after a petition was filed in the high court,\" he said.Hiranandani said he did not agree with the court's interpretation of the tripartite agreement signed over two decades ago. \"We will challenge this in the apex court and hope the state government also does the same,\" he added.Asked about the implications of building public housing on the land as directed by the court, he said he was still to work out the calculations and financial implications of this order. The Powai land is spread over 230 acres and Hiranandani built about 70 towers which house 4,000 families. Around 15% to 20% of the land is yet to be developed. The developer was to construct 50% of flats of 430 sq ft and the remaining 861 sq ft. However, these apartments were merged into 4,000 to 5,000 sq ft flats and sold for up to Rs 7 crore each.The Powai land was also exploited by the developer to construct a private hospital, business park, hotel, supermarket, entertainment zone, food courts and other recreational activities like clubhouses and swimming pools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12013529", "title": "Aarey locals protest \u2018theft attempts\u2019 by gang of thieves", "text": "MUMBAI: Residents of Aarey Colony in Goregaon (E) on Wednesday night protested the frequent burglary attempts in the locality by a gang of thieves who are dressed in vests and shorts.Residents of Mayur Nagar no. 29 and 30 said they had been facing a lot of harassment from the gang. They alleged that the thieves operated in the cover of darkness and even assaulted women. The protesters also alleged that the police are not taking any action.The Aarey police, however, said no such gang existed and that they were trying to quell the rumours. \"We have been holding meetings with residents regularly. Nobody seems to have seen the thieves and are merely spreading stories about them. We have also stepped up patrolling to instill a sense of security among residents,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12012272", "title": "Bihar govt initiates steps to check road accidents", "text": "PATNA: The state government has said the speed limit of private buses ferrying schoolchildren on major routes in the city has been restricted to five km per hour. This was been done in an effort to check frequent accidents of these buses.This was stated by water resources development minister Vijay Kumar Chaudhary while replying to a question of Nawal Kishore Yadav (RJD) in the state legislative council on Thursday. Chaudhary also said additional traffic police personnel have been deployed at all strategic routes to prevent accidents.Stating that the city has been divided into 30 sectors to maintain smooth traffic regulation, the minister said the city police has purchased speed gunners to keep a check on speeding two wheelers.Chaudhary informed the house that the government collected Rs three lakh by imposing fine on 200 vehicles for violating traffic rules in the year 2011. Similarly, in the year 2010. The department has earned a sum of Rs 2.27 lakh by slapping fines on 227 vehicles, he said.Making a supplementary statement in the house, Yadav said there had been a substantial rise in the number of road accidents involving private vehicles in the city in recent times as these vehicles do not maintain the speed limit during peak morning and evening hours.In response to another question, the minister said the government was planning to declare vending and non-vending zones in the city in an effort to remove encroachments. Chaudhary said the zones would be declared at Bailey Road, Exhibition Road, Boring Road, Station Road, Bari Path.Rehab of child workers: Bihar's labour minister Janardan Segriwal said the government has prepared a comprehensive work plan for the rehabilitation of child workers.Segriwal said this while replying to a question of Nawal Kishore Yadav (RJD) in the state legislative council on Thursday. The minister said the Bihar State Child Labour Commission had been set up mainly to draw up an action plan for rescued child workers in the state. The government has rescued as many as 6,171 child labours since 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12012051", "title": "Netizens berate Patna SP Kim's 'conduct'", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar is a gentleman who not only spared Patna SP (city) Kim but also apologised for her public display of muscle power. The image of police has, however, taken a severe beating with the videos of the incident going viral and netizens reacting furiously to the woman IPS officer slapping a woman protester double her age and then dragging her by her hair after two teens were electrocuted in Patna on Monday night.\"Why does general public get treated like animals? If a common man does this, he would be in jail. But just because she is an IPS officer, she is above the law!\" commented one after viewing the video of the incident titled, Lady SP accused of beating woman, on YouTube . Another comment read, \"Police ka kaam raub dikhana nahi. It's very dirty act of police.\"Another video titled, Patna SP slaps woman protester; she hits back, has one viewer sermonising, \"Police are a part of the society. But this incident shows they sometimes feel they have divine (sic) privileges. It's time they started behaving properly.\" Another commentator regretted, \"This is our country's police from whom we have the hope that they will protect us.\"\"Police do not have the right to hit anyone anywhere... What the hell she (the SP) thinks of herself?\" commented one after watching the video titled, Policing Patna style. One Mr Harrydon is more scathing as he wrote, \"With power comes responsibility. But you have forgotten your responsibilities and are only misusing the power. If she is an IPS officer selected through prestigious civil services examination, I am afraid if I can ever see anything good happening to India in future. Even IPS officers! Lady!!\"While one viewer wrote, \"Indian police are terrorists\", a young Patnaite currently based in Bangalore posted the video on his facebook wall and commented thus: \"Wonder what this IPS officer learnt through education.\"Approving of the reactions, a senior executive with a private firm told TOI on Thursday, \"Today's youngsters won't accept this nonsense.\" His daughter, a doctor, was having a very high opinion of Kim after she interacted with the cop at a medical camp in the city recently. \"My daughter didn't believe me when I told her about the incident. But after she watched the video, she is sort of devastated,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011754", "title": "India tops the world in open defecation, says Unicef survey", "text": "NAGPUR: India has the dubious distinction of being a topper in terms of open defecation, a Unicef survey has revealed as well. This is a major public health concern, stressed officials from the agency. This habit of the countrymen makes the people prone to water-borne diseases, increasing the burden on the economy, they said.India had an astounding number of 58% people defecating in the open, said the survey. China and Indonesia came in a distant second with just 5% of their population not having toilets. Pakistan and Ethiopia were third with 4.5% such people. Unicef officials were in the city to attend an international workshop on water contamination organized by National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (Neeri), in association with Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation (MDWS), Government of India, Unicef, WHO and International Water Association.Every year, 1.8 million people across the world die of microbial contamination (bacteria, viruses, amoeba) of water, said Pawan Labhasetwar, scientist and head of water technology and management division from Neeri. Secretary of the Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation Vilasini Ramachandran, who was also present, admitted that this was a major concern and that the government was working towards finding a solution to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12013839", "title": "Outreach programme key to avoid confrontation: AEC", "text": "MANGALORE: Srikumar Banerjee, chairman of Atomic Energy Commission (AEC), has favoured a more extensive programme of outreach and not confrontation as the way forward to facilitate early commissioning of Koodankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KKNPP).Incidentally, the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd on Thursday said it expected things to return to normal at KKNPP within the next four to six weeks, paving way for its commissioning by August.These statements assume significance given that activists of People Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) are going on 72-hour fast from midnight on Monday to express their displeasure over the manner in which the panel, appointed by Tamil Nadu government, has given a clean chit to KKNPP without meeting the locals.They have been protesting against the plant since August 2010. \"We do not favour confrontation,\" he said.Interacting with reporters after inaugurating the Centre for Application of Radioisotopes and Radiation Technology at Mangalore University here on Thursday, Srikumar said independent research by educational institutions is the only way to clear misconceptions about radiation, radiation technology among the people\"No amount of clarification that AEC and related agencies give will clarify doubts that people have on it,\" he said.Observing that commissioning of the first 1000 MW unit of Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project will vastly help power-starved Tamil Nadu -- which would get 925 MW of power -- Banerjee said AEC has put a premium on safety increasing it manifold times, especially after the Fukushima reactor incident. \"Total number of fatalities in nuclear power stations across various power generating sources worldwide is the least,\" Srikumar explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12012631", "title": "SP Veenu Bansal unable to appear before CBI", "text": "PANAJI: SP Veenu Bansal, who was heading Goa police's anti-narcotic cell (ANC) when alleged drug dealer David Driham alias Dudu was arrested, has informed the Goa CBI investigating the police-drug mafia nexus that he will not be able to come to Goa as he is abroad for a police training course.Despite immense pressure on the CBI to not drag an IPS officer into the case, the investigating officers issued a notice to SP Bansal on January 25, asking him to appear in Goa on February 7. \"However, we received a wireless message informing us that SP Bansal is out of the country for a training programme and is expected to return by March-end,\" said sources.SP Bansal has requested to be given any date after March 31. \"He said that he was willing to come down to the Mumbai CBI office to give his statement or we could send an officer to Arunachal Pradesh,\" added CBI sources.SP Bansal's role in the police-drug mafia nexus is being investigated after PSI Sunil Gudlar informed the CBI that he was acting on instructions of his senior officer SP Bansal.Even Dudu's girlfriend and sister had made allegations against the SP, besides indicting Gudlar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12012201", "title": "Man gets 10-yr jail term", "text": "A special court on Thursday sentenced Salim alias Kanya Sheikh (50) to 10 years imprisonment. In December 2009, Sheikh was arrested by the Anti-Narcotic Cell (ANC) while trafficking 25kg of charas worth Rs 2.5 crore. The ANC caught him at Andheri while he was about to sell the drug to a customer. He was also fined Rs 2 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12016505", "title": "2G scam: SC adjourns bail hearing of Chandolia, Behura to March 13", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday adjourned the hearing of bail petitions of RK Chandolia and Siddharth Behura in connection with the 2G spectrum scam case to March 13.Chandolia was former telecom minister A Raja's private secretary, while Behura was the telecom secretary who signed on the files that formalised the sale of 2G licences.Reports say it was Chandolia who interacted with licensees who got the 2G spectrum. He has been charged with criminal conspiracy and cheating. Chandolia was arrested along with Raja by the CBI on February 2, 2011.The 2G spectrum scandal involved government officials illegally undercharging mobile telephony companies for frequency allocation licenses, which they would use to create 2G subscriptions for cell phones.The shortfall between the money collected and the money which the law mandated to be collected is estimated to be Rs.176,645 crore or about 38.86 billion dollars, as valued by Comptroller and Auditor General of India based on the 3G and BWA spectrum auction prices which existed in 2010.However the exact loss is disputed, as the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) pegged the loss at Rs.30,984.55 crore or 6.82 billion dollars) in its first charge sheet filed on 2 April 2011.The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India claims that the government actually gained Rs.3,000 crore or 660 million dollars by selling the spectrum.All the speculations of profit, loss and no-loss were put to rest when the Supreme Court of India declared the allotment of spectrum as \"unconstitutional and arbitrary\" and on February 2, 2012, quashed all 122 2G licenses issued during A. Raja's tenure as minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12013102", "title": "3-layer check awaits candidates in medical entrance exams", "text": "LUCKNOW: Candidates preparing for the UP Post-Graduate Medical Entrance Examination 2012 (UPPGMEE) to be held on February 26 will have to produce three proofs of their identity before entering the exam hall on the day of exam. Prof Abbas Mahdi, spokesperson of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University, which is organising the exam said that candidates with all of the three prescribed identity documents would be allowed to take the exam.The documents include admit card, verification letter of the principal or dean of the institute from where the candidate did his medical graduation (MBBS or BDS) and either PAN card or document verifying their signature and photograph by authorised official of a nationalized bank in which the candidate has his/her account. He added that all candidates present in the examination halls rooms will be photographed while being seated on their seats. They will also undergo biometric scanning and iris scanning. Candidates refusing to provide biometric data will be disqualified. All candidates will have to pass through metal detectors and proper frisking as well at the entrance.\"Elaborate arrangements have been made for smooth and flawless conduct of the examination,\" said Prof Mahdi adding that a number of steps have been taken in this regard. tnn\"At the entry gate, the admit card of the candidates will be checked by security staff. Entry will be allowed only from one gate of premises. No candidate will be allowed to go out of the examination centre once he has entered the premises till the examination is over,\" he said.Candidates will not be allowed to carry blank paper, Log tables, calculator, slide rules, cellular phones, pagers, electronic gadgets, watches including wrist watches or books or pen, written notes or metal objects. All candidates will be provided water bottle and pen in the examination centre. Candidates are advised to be patient while the data is collected. This data will be used to check identity at the time of counselling and after admission to colleges. There are around 400 post graduate seats in state medical colleges and CSMMU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12016589", "title": "Obama campaign slams Republican candidates on auto policy", "text": "WASHINGTON: Seeking his re-election, US President Obama's campaign team is highlighting the federal bailout for the auto industry in a new television commercial that accuses Republican presidential candidates of abandoning the sector in its darkest hour.The television ad titled 'Made in America' highlights Obama's decision to extend emergency loans to the auto industry.When the industry was on the verge of collapse, and others advocated letting 'Detroit go bankrupt', Obama helped save more than 1.4 million jobs up and down the supply chain by providing rescue loans to GM and Chrysler , it said.\"Those loans allowed the industry to continue providing jobs to Americans and producing cars, so that everyone from management to workers could have time to make sacrifices and concessions for the companies to emerge stronger and more competitive,\" the ad says.The 30 second ad, currently running in Michigan, says that every Republican presidential candidate turned their back when the auto industry was in crisis.The ad shows an opinion piece written by Mitt Romney in The New York Times in 2008, writing \"Let Detroit go bankrupt.\"\"All the federal government did was basically tip to the cronies, tip to the unions, gave the unions the company,\" Rick Santorum , another leading Republican presidential candidate, is quoted as saying.While it points out that Newt Gingrich , in an op-ed, termed the bail out as a mistake.Three years later, the a retooled, restructured industry is back, the ad says.The advertisement was immediately criticised by the Romney campaign, which said this reflected the desperation on the part of Obama.\"The last thing President Obama and his team want to do is face Mitt Romney in the general election. Their factually false television ad proves they are more focused on Mitt Romney than they are on getting Michiganders back to work. President Obama is desperate to hold onto power,\" said Amanda Henneberg, Romney spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12012125", "title": "Film federation protest meets tepid response", "text": "MUMBAI: The nationwide strike called by the Film Federation of India (FFI) met with partial success with only the Bengal and Tamil Nadu film industry and single screen cinemas supporting the protest by remaining closed on Thursday.The Indian film industry seems clearly divided over striking work against the government decision to bring the industry under the purview of service tax. Shooting for films and television serials continued across the country. Multiplexes did not participate in the protest and only single screen theatres remained closed on Thursday.Vice-president of Film and Television Producers' Guild Mukesh Bhatt said that the protest failed to have an impact. He said, \"It is sad to see that the FFI only tried to make an issue out of it and has met with partial success as only about 20% of the exhibition sector, that too single screens in some states, remained closed. Such protests do not have any impact on the government. One just needs to be patient till the budget.\"However, RV Vidhani of the single screen cinema owners association claimed that their protest has been successful. He said, \"All single screen theatres in Maharashtra remained closed. Single screen cinemas in south India, Gujarat and north-east also took part in the protest.\"The FFI claimed that all single screen cinemas in Bengal and Assam remained closed and about 500 cine technicians, artistes and other members from the industry took part in the dharna at Chowringhee Lane.In Tamil Nadu, which is already suffering from workers' strike, has been facing problems even before the bandh was called by the FFI.About 800 people from the film industry participated in a protest rally in Chennai. Some cinema owners from Gujarat and Maharashtra claimed that theatres outside Mumbai and only 30% of cinemas in Gujarat were closed. Bhatt added, \"Cinemas in Punjab, Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh and parts of Uttar Pradesh remained open on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12016084", "title": "Karnataka crisis: Gadkari meets Yeddyurappa, Gowda", "text": "BANGALORE: Crisis in BJP's Karnataka unit appeared to worsen today with former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa insisting on a February 27 ultimatum for his reinstatement and party president Nitin Gadkari ruling out replacing incumbent Sadananda Gowda.Yeddyurappa, who was forced to resign more than six months ago after a Lokayukta report indicted him on illegal mining, made it clear to the party chief that he was in no mood to wait any longer.Ahead of the BJP's 'Chintan Manthan Baitak', Gadkari had a meeting with Yeddyurappa this morning and separately met chief minister Sadananda Gowda to bring about a truce.Sources said Yeddyurappa was adamant on his stand and wants Gowda to be removed. Gowda, who was Yeddyurappa's choice for the post when he himself had to step down after being indicted in a graft case by the Karnataka Lokayukta, has now fallen out with Yeddyurappa.The central leadership does not want a division in the party in Karnataka and is making an earnest attempt to placate Yeddyurappa and reason out with him.When Yeddyurappa was asked to step down from the chief minister's post, two Central leaders - Arun Jaitley and M Venkaiah Naidu- were deputed to settle the issue amicably.The outcome of the present crisis is still unclear as the central leadership is not keen on bringing in Yeddyurappa. However, his hold over the Lingayat community- which has been loyal to the BJP - and the fact that he has built the party in Karnataka over the years is weighing in his favour.Yeddyurappa has also turned his foes like Jagadish Shettar, Rural Development and Panchayat minister, into friends, adding to the problems of the top brass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12012799", "title": "Reject Mane's plea, urges prosecution", "text": "PUNE: The prosecution on Thursday prayed to reject the plea of rogue bus driver Santosh Mane to summon Solapur-based psychiatrist Dilip Burte before the magisterial court to conduct an inquiry about his mental condition.On January 25, Mane had hijacked a state transport bus from Swargate stand and driven it for 14 km around the city, leaving nine dead and 31 injured.Quoting Mane's medical report, assistant public prosecutor A K Pacharne said the hospital has given a report stating that he is not mentally insane and that he did not find any reason to disbelieve the conclusive proof of mental condition of the suspect submitted by a team of medical experts.\"This is a stage of investigation and it is a well settled principle of law that it is not the duty of court to collect evidence,\" Pacharne stated in his reply filed before judicial magistrate first class Umeshchandra More.The prosecution also prayed to reject Mane's another plea to shift him to the mental hospital.Mane's lawyer Mahesh Agarwal had filed separate pleas to record evidence of Burte and to shift Mane to mental hospital as the Yerawada central prison lacked facilities to provide treatment to people suffering from mental illness.Agarwal has also filed written arguments, stating that the mental hospital was not knowing the medical history of Mane and, hence, they were unable to give a final opinion on his mental illness.Quoting provisions of the Criminal Procedure Code, Agarwal said the court should take into consideration whether Mane was of sound mind or not at the initial stage as his extraordinary behavior at the time of incident itself would prove the theory of insanity.Arguing that that Mane was taking treatment from Burte for two years, Agarwal produces medical documents and bills in support of his submissions that his client was suffering from mental disorders at the time of the incident.He also said that the police were not seriously conducting investigation as the investigating officer has not followed the procedure prescribed for conducting investigations in respect of persons of unsound mind.Mane's mental illness would get aggravated if he was lodged at the jail, he added.The court will decided Mane's pleas on March 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12013112", "title": "Mamata govt's double standard on SEZs in West Bengal?", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government may be opposed to setting up special economic zones in West Bengal , but has no inhibition about extending tenures of SEZs already existing in the state.This is why the proposed Infosys project is facing a hurdle, while the process is smooth for the Srei Infrastructure Development. The company has got an extension for the \"in-principle\" SEZ status for the its proposed auto component units at Kharagpur.According to industry sources, a developer doesn't get the SEZ status easily in case it does not have the land under its possession. The company approaches the government for an \"in-principle SEZ approval\", saying that it would buy the proposed land within a time frame - usually three years.The formal approval for the SEZ status is granted only after the land is under the company's possession. Records reveal that the state government gave the \"in-principle extension\" during the Trinamool tenure in November 2011.The extension decision came months before state commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee told the media that the government was opposed in principle to setting up of SEZs, while responding to the Infosys plea for the SEZ status. The IT giant had sought SEZ status for its 50-acre facility in the Rajarhat area.Srei's application for further extension of the in-principle approval was taken up at the board of approval (BOA) under the Union ministry of commerce at its 50th meeting on January 24.The extension plea was approved at the meeting because it had the necessary recommendation from the state government.The BOA got the recommendation from principal secretary industries Dipankar Mukherjee on November 14, 2011.Srei got an in-principle approval from the BOA to set up an auto component SEZ on 500 acres in Kharagpur in October, 2006. The last extension was granted till June 2012. The company requested for further extension in September 2011.But the BOA deferred the approval and sought a report from the industry secretary over the status of land. Principal secretary Dipankar Mukherjee offered the \"justification\" for the Srei request to the BOA.\"The development commissioner of Falta SEZ also recommended for extension following state approval,\" the agenda for the 50th meeting of BOA says. The recommendation of the state government has been taken note of, in the minutes of the 50th BOA meeting on January 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "12013108", "title": "He makes it easy for boys to shop", "text": "MODEL TOWN: Growing up, Rajan Khurana saw his father work hard in building up the family business of hosiery but somewhere along the line he developed the desire to do his own thing and carve out a name for himself in the market. Defying the family norm was the best thing, Rajan, who is more popular as Sanbhi, has done yet. The 29-year-old ventured into selling boys' accessories in the city and now has become the owner of seven stores in the city. He is looking forward to expanding his business beyond Ludhiana and opening outlets in Phagwara, Jalandhar and Amritsar.\"My father late Kuldeep Singh Khurana used to run a hosiery store in Old City area. After his death in 1995, we handed over that business to my cousins. I had the habit of sporting different accessories that I used to buy from places I travelled to. Once while I was in Mumbai, it struck me how difficult to buy good quality boys' accessories like belts, caps, perfumes, mufflers, jewellery, cravats, ties and socks all under one roof even though all kinds of accessories for girls are easily available,'' he said.That's where the desire to have his own store of boys accessories took birth. \"After that I worked on my thought and opened my first store, Sanbhi Collection, at Brown Road in 1999. Within two years it began to make profit. In 2002, I opened another outlet in the same locality and its success encouraged me to open a shoe store,'' he said. Sanbhi then opened a third accessories' outlet in 2004 and two years later got married too.\"My business grew more and I started an accessory outlet in Model Town followed by a shoe store in 2007 and a girls accessories' store in 2008,'' said Sanbhi. Careful about the variety and quality of things he sells, Sanbhi said he imports things from Bangkok , China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia and also from Mumbai.\"I am a God fearing man and I believe he has been blessing me and my ventures. Till now the enterprise has been successful but I have a long way to go still. I want to supply good quality accessories, particularly to fashion savy boys,'' said the businessman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "jewar (greater noida)", "code": "12012043", "title": "Rahul promises to push the jumbo out", "text": "JEWAR (GREATER NOIDA): A day after UP chief minister Mayawati tore into the UPA government at a mammoth rally in Greater Noida, it was Rahul Gandhi's turn to cover the elephant's tracks. Speaking to thousands of party workers, Rahul said that the BSP was on its way out and it was time people of the state forgot about it. \"Raise both your hands now and bring the Congress to power in Lucknow,\" said the Congress party scion while addressing his first political rally in Jewar assembly constituency of Gautam Budh Nagar.Congress supporters and other several thousands, who had gathered to \"catch a glimpse of Rahul\", said that he was not there to make promises like other parties and was, instead, aiming to bring about a change. \"In the past 22 years, many parties have formed the government in Uttar Pradesh but there has hardly been any development. You must realize that UP has been forgotten. The youth needs to wake up,\" Rahul said. Greeted with loud cheers at this, Rahul went on to say that until things changed in UP, he will be \"spotted on the roads and in the villages frequently.\"Deviating from his usual staid disposition on his previous trips across western UP, the Congress general secretary seemed to enjoy every bit of the response from the crowd on Thursday. A much more self-assured Rahul showed his lighter side and took pot shots at both Mayawati and Mulayam during his crisp 20 minute speech.\"How have the last five years been for you? Did you benefit from the state government in any way?\" he asked the crowd. \"The farmers of UP gave their sweat and blood, and in return their land was forcibly taken away. When they asked for a fairer price, their request was met with bullets and lathis,\" Rahul said. \"When I went to Bhatta, Parsaul and Tappal, Mayawati said that Rahul has gone mad. When I asked her to visit these villages, she chose to ignore the issue. Her officials said Naxals had invaded these villages and, hence, the state was taking a tough stand against them,\" he added.Also reminding the crowd of Mayawati's \"extravagant expenditures\", Rahul told the crowd that corruption was not a decentralized phenomenon in UP and, instead, it \"originates from the chief minister's house.\" \"We sent crores of funds from the Centre for healthcare facilities, but went I visited one of the grand hospitals built by Mayawati I found no doctors or patients but only stray dogs,\" he said.The Samajwadi Party was also hauled up by the Congress leader. Taking a dig at Mulayam's poll manifesto, Rahul said that it was promised that if SP came to power, the poor would be \"sent abroad to receive free healthcare facilities.\" \"Mulayamji is on a promise-making spree ahead of the polls. He has promised to turn Bundelkhand into Israel. But the people there are starving and committing suicides. They need water and development instead,\" Rahul said.\"Mulayam has not turned to look at the state since he was ousted from power in 2004. The state has been generating the same amount of electricity since 1990. However, suddenly before the polls, Mulayam has promised free electricity for all,\" Rahul said.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12012885", "title": "Governor suffers dizzy spell during function", "text": "PUNE: Maharashtra governor K Sankaranarayanan experienced a spell of dizziness during the inauguration of the Kerala Bhavan at Akurdi here on Thursday morning. He was rushed to Lokmanya hospital at Nigdi where the doctors said his blood pressure had dropped suddenly.\"The governor's blood pressure was 70/50, which is very low. He was conscious but a little dizzy when he was brought to the hospital at 11 am,\" said orthopaedic surgeon Narendra Vaidya, head of Lokmanya hospital.Vaidya said the dizziness was due to postural changes, which cause a temporary reduction in blood flow and, therefore, shortage of oxygen to the brain. \"The governor had flown down to Pune in a helicopter. He was sitting all through the journey and then had to stand for at least half an hour to deliver his speech. This postural change led to a drop in blood pressure. It is called postural hypotension and is common among older people,\" he said.The 80-year-old governor also has chronic diabetes. \"However, his blood sugar level was normal when he suffered the blackout. We carried out all haematological (blood-related) tests like haemogram, blood sugar and blood oxygen as well as an electrocardiogram and 2D echocardiography. All his parameters were normal. His vital organs are functioning normally too,\" Vaidya said.Sankaranarayanan was put on IV fluids and medicines to stabilise the blood pressure. He was taken to Mumbai in an IAF helicopter around 5.15 pm and later admitted to Bombay Hospital. \"He was accompanied by his personal physician B K Goyal,\" Vaidya said.A Raj Bhavan official told TOI, \"He felt giddy while addressing the public function near Pune. His condition is now normal.\"The governor, who was camping in Goa where he is holding additional charge, had come to Akurdi around 10.30 am to inaugurate the Rs 5-crore Kerala Bhavan constructed by the Chinchwad Malayali Samajam (CMS). He finished his speech and was about to sit on his chair when CMS general secretary T P Vijayan announced that the governor would felicitate the architect of Kerala Bhavan. Sankaranarayanan moved a step back to take the bouquet but felt giddy and caught hold of the microphone stand. Vijayan and others rushed to help in and a doctor in the governor's convoy was called. He was then taken to hospital.In view of the assembly polls, Sankaranarayanan was camping in Goa and was scheduled to return to Panaji immediately after the Akurdi event. \"We feel that he was exhausted, as a result, he felt giddy,\" the Raj Bhavan official said.On January 9, Sankaranarayanan had undergone a major surgery for removal of a block from the carotid artery at Bombay Hospital. After four days in hospital, he returned to Raj Bhavan. \"In fact, in view of the major surgery, the governor needed good rest to recover, but it was observed that he continued with his routine appointments. We expect that the governor will be back to work in a day or two,\" the official said.Pimpri-Chinchwad mayor Yogesh Behl, municipal commissioner Ashish Sharma and police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar visited the governor at Lokmanya hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12012109", "title": "Woman steals neighbour's gold, caught after she goes on a splurging spree", "text": "MUMBAI: A woman who stole jewellery from her neighbour's house at Malad was caught by the police a month later, when she started splurging money made from pawning the loot. Kavita Puralkar (24), the accused, is currently out on bail.Police officials said Puralkar stayed next door to the complainant, Aruna Jadhav (29), in DS Nagar on Narsingh Lane. Both the women worked in the housekeeping industry and were good friends. According to the police, Puralkar observed that Jadhav used to store her gold mangalsutra, worth Rs 40,000, in a steel container. Jadhav's mother-in-law stays with her but being seriously ill, she is bed-ridden.\"In first week of January, Puralkar slipped into Jadhav's home when the latter was away for work. Jadhav's mother-in-law had no clue about Puralkar's presence. Puralkar opened the steel container and slipped out of the house with Jadhav's mangalsutra weighing two tolas,\" a police official said. Later, when Jadhav happened to open the container, she was shocked to find her mangalsutra missing. She inquired with her mother-in-law, who denied any knowledge. Jadhav then lodged a complaint of theft with the Malad police.Meanwhile, Puralkar went to her maternal home at Laljipada in Kandivli (west). Here, she contacted a jeweller, whom she knew well, and pawned Jadhav's mangalsutra.From the money she got, Puralkar first renovated the flooring of her home. She then purchased a refrigerator and a pair of earrings.\"Jadhav silently observed Puralkar going on a shopping spree. She wondered what the source of Puralkar's windfall was and realized something was amiss,\" said an official. She immediately alerted the police.The cops summoned Puralkar to the police station, where she was interrogated. She broke down and admitted to her guilt following which she was arrested on Tuesday. A local court later released her on bail.The police traced the jeweller after Puralkar led them to his shop in Laljipada. The stolen mangalsutra has been recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016660", "title": "Kollywood inspired by Tree of Life", "text": "Seems our K-Town folks sometimes can't help from getting inspired.This, despite allegations of plagiarism in the recent past when it comes to movie posters (yes, Vandhaan Vendraan, we mean you). Hollywood filmmaker Terrence Malick's films are known for their indelible images and his latest flick, the awardwinning The Tree Of Life (which is also nominated for Best Picture at this year's Oscars) features some of the most exquisite images caught on camera. One image, in particular, that of a baby's tender, pink foot, was even used in the posters of the film. The publicity stills also had the film's leading man, Brad Pitt , holding the foot, overwhelmed with emotion.And this striking image is what has inspired poster designers of two upcoming Tamil films. A few days back, Vinmeengal, featuring newcomers, had come out with a similarly-themed image. And now, the first look of Aarohanam, which marks the directorial debut of Yuddham Sei actress Lakshmy, also has a similar image.While both posters are not blatant rip-offs and feature subtle differences that set them apart from The Tree Of Life's stills, one can certainly see their influence. Anyway, we should take heart from the fact that our poster designers are looking in the right places for inspiration!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nanand (nalanda)", "code": "12012293", "title": "Tubewells installed by Japan in Nalanda inaugurated", "text": "NANAND (NALANDA): The deputy consul general of consulate general of Japan, Kolkata, Mitsutake Numahata, inaugurated 42 tubewells spread over 11 villages of Silao block of the district installed under Japan's `Grant Assistance for Gross Projects (GGP)' on Thursday.The project benefitted a large underprivileged populace of villages including Bhawani Bigha, Kamdarganj, Nanand, Dharahra, Dharahradih, Molah Bigha, Besrapur, Maniawan, Shivdhar Bigha, Sunder Bigha and Ratan Bigha.Inaugurating one of the hand pumps at Nanand village, the Japanese diplomat told TOI that the inauguration of the project was long pending as the work was completed two years ago. He said that the people of these villages will have access to pure drinking water as the government and people of his country are committed to providing better quality of life to the underprivileged population the world over. He thanked 'Seva Mandal', the local partner of the project, for completing it timely and as per the guidelines given to it.Regarding any new project, he said that as of now, he has received no such proposal, but as and when it is received, it would be considered. The visiting diplomat lauded the social projects of the state government, saying that the overall living standard of the people has improved and there is a positive growth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12012681", "title": "Mullaperiyar committee cancels sitting on Feb 26", "text": "KOCHI: The Supreme Court-appointed empowered committee on Mullaperiyar dispute has cancelled its February 26 sitting as efforts are on extend its term by two months. \"The committee has already filed a status report in the Supreme Court drawing attention of the court to the Kerala government's request to include the findings of the core testing in the report. I have received a message today about the cancellation of the meeting, and a revised date of the sitting has not been fixed,'' empowered committee member Justice K T Thomas told TOI here.The committee was originally supposed to submit its report by February 29 - the day its term ends. The panel was planning to have a final sitting on February 26 to prepare a draft report. However, the committee during its previous sitting considered Kerala's request to include the findings of the core testing in the final report. The committee had broadly agreed to consider this request, but pointed out that it might take another two months to complete those tests.It was in this context that the committee decided to submit a status report mentioning about the time required for finalizing the report after including all the test findings.Interestingly M K Parameswaran Nair, who heads the Kerala government-appointed Mullaperiyar cell said as per the information received by him the case has not been listed for consideration on February 29 till 5 pm on Thursday. \"I'm in touch with our counsel in New Delhi to get the details. We hope it will be taken up on February 29 or before, and the committee would be given some extension. But Kerala has not moved any such prayers so far,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12012541", "title": "CBI to probe data centre deal: Govt", "text": "KOCHI: State government informed the High Court on Thursday that it has decided to hand over the investigation into the government data centre contract awarded during LDF government's tenure to CBI.When the case came up for hearing before the division bench of acting Chief Justice Manjula Chellur and Justice PR Ramachandra Menon, the government submitted that it has decided to hand over the probe to CBI.Based on the government's submission, the court closed the petition filed by chief whip PC George alleging corruption by Opposition leader and former chief minister VS Achuthanandan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12011980", "title": "JNNURM team in city; Cong jumps onto inspection bus", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A four-member inspection team headed by the director and chairperson of JNNURM B P Sridevi is camping in the city to inspect high net-worth projects like the BRTS, roads and underground duct lines. The committee will also inspect the Bhadra fort for which an initial grant of Rs 32 crore was sanctioned recently.The JNNURM committee initially had been intimated of complaints pertaining to poor quality works in the phase one and two of the BRTS project, which covers a stretch of 32 km. Senior Congress leaders had cried foul over road resurfacing projects being doled out to contractors instead of fresh roads for the BRTS.The second issue raised by Congress was the cost escalation for BRTS stops. Initially, each bus stand cost Rs 32 lakh but the figure has now shot up to Rs 42 lakh. \"We have provided the committee with finance department documents regarding the huge price escalation that benefitted private contractors. Poor quality of most JNNURM-funded roads is also quite suspicious. Each kilometer of BRTS road costs approximately Rs 7 crore. And, yet the roads cannot survive one monsoon,\" said opposition leader at Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation, Bhaddruddin Sheikh.When asked about the team's mission, Sridevi said: \"We have come here following an official order for inspection. We are not authorized to give statements.\"Another issue raised before the team was the Rs 32 crore project for Bhadra fort restoration being awarded to an alleged blacklisted contractor. \"The same contractor was awarded the contract of construction of 3488 EWS houses for the poor. The municipal commissioner had banned the contractor for two years,\" adds Sheikh.In all, the city has vied for Rs 2,815 crore worth of infrastructure projects under JNNURM. The AMC has submitted a city development plan of Rs 5,111 crore to the union urban development ministry in the last six years. The JNNURM inspection team told AMC officials that a separate committee will inspect the quality and awarding of contract for the construction of EWS housing for the poor with the aid of experts from HUDCO.Report on JNNURM projects due out soonAhmedabad: A team of four auditors from the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) office were in Ahmedabad reviewing JNNURM projects in the city two months ago. AMC officers had revealed that the CAG office in Delhi are inspecting the allocation of the JNNURM funds to various projects and whether the concerned local body has met with the pre-requisites before utilizing the funds. The CAG was also scrutinizing how contracts had been awarded. The report will be tabled before the state assembly shortly.AMC sources said the CAG is analyzing how central funds were released to cities across the state and whether the municipal corporation fulfilled the guidelines laid down by the union government. The funds were linked to reforms to be initiated by these states, and the JNNURM mission was limited for a seven-year period starting 2005-06. tnnNo getting away from bumpy BRTS halts anytime soontimes news networkAhmedabad: The bumpy halts of BRTS buses at stations are here to stay. Since the last few months, the Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited (AJL) has been struggling to find a cheap and effective solution to this problem. The bumps, and in some cases depressions on the BRTS tracks near every stop, had appeared exactly where the buses dock at the stands. The AJL had decided to concretize these sections few months ago.But the cost of a particular technology, which was found to be suitable for the problem, was Rs 22 lakh per station. The municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra immediately stalled any movement at that front. \"The commissioner had suggested that Rs 22 lakh for a small concrete patch was way above municipal spending standards and the suggestion was struck down,\" says a senior AJL official.\"When the bus applies breaks to stop at a station, the pressure causes the bitumen mix, a material used for making roads, to shift. This creates bumps on the road. Earlier, we experimented by using mastic asphalt technology, but that did not help,\" explained a senior AJL official.Some private contractors had come with suggestion of using glass grid - an elastic mesh material that is placed below the top layer of the road. Buses today cannot stop at the specific place marked out for them as the concrete slabs get in the way of the buses since the road surface is uneven.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12013284", "title": "Luncheon fails to stick to BSY menu", "text": "BANGALORE: B S Yeddyurappa was an irritated man on Thursday. With the luncheon meeting at his residence not exactly turning out to be a show of his strength, the BJP leader lost his cool on more than one occasion and openly criticized a few invitees.However, the presence of state party president K S Eshwarappa, RSS ideologues and party loyalists at the event was reason enough for the former CM to maintain silence for most part.His new-found friends Jagadish Shettar and R Ashoka too remained mute listeners.The ambience didn't really add taste to the vegetarian lunch served. Many invitees not identified with the Yeddyurappa faction spoke about strengthening the party.MP Justice (Retd) M Rama Jois regretted there was a sense of satisfaction and happiness among partymen when there was no power, but the happiness quotient was missing now that the party was in power.Yeddyurappa reportedly intervened and told the former judge that he did not help him in correctly interpreting the Lokayukta report on illegal mining to the BJP higher-ups.Supporting Jois, RSS leader Narayan Sa Bandage said people used to voluntarily throng the meetings of Yeddyurappa, L K Advani and A B Vajpayee, but today the party had to pay money to get crowds. The former CM is said to have asked Bhandage to cut short his speech, stating he went to jail not for personal reasons but for helping others.Supporters of the former CM wanted him to assume the CM gaddi again, while some supported a \"suitable\" position for him in the party structure. \"Make him the CM or the party president,'' was their chorus.Besides, they expressed unhappiness over the functioning of CM D V Sadananda Gowda. They complained that they were not getting sufficient grants for the development of their constituencies.A few leaders said they had neither been taken into confidence nor informed about various developments in the government.State planning board vice-president Ramachandra Gowda, a close confidant of Yeddyurappa, started his speech reciting a shloka.Referring to allegations against his friend, he said: \"How many of you are honest? Touch your hearts and tell me that you are honest. Tell me who is not corrupt? Tell me which CM has not used his discretion to allot BDA sites?''MP Ramesh Katti reportedly told the gathering that the party would be in a miserable position without Yeddyurappa.Expressing unhappiness over the developments, MLA D Hemachandra Sagar said that people were speaking very low of the party because of the internal strife.After listening to various views, state BJP chief KS Eshwarappa told the gathering that the issues raised at the meeting will be brought to the notice of the party high command. He advised the partymen not to go to the media or discuss the party's internal matters in public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12011920", "title": "Student held for stealing grandmother's jewellery", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ghatlodia police arrested a 17-year-old youth for stealing gold jewellery worth Rs 1.32 lakh belonging to his own grandmother from her residence in Memnagar. The incident came to light after Gujarat University police arrested two youths with two gold chains on Tuesday from near Helmet circle.\"The duo was identified as Kamlesh Thakor, a resident of Malav Talav and Prakash Vala, a resident of Sola. The duo was apprehended during vehicle checking drive during which they were found in possession of two gold chains worth Rs 32,000. Upon questioning, they said that they got the chains from Mitesh (name changed), a resident of Memnagar,\" said a Ghatlodia police official. The investigation was then handed over to Ghatlodia police during which they found that Mitesh is a class XII student and will appear in the board exams next month. He lives with his maternal grandmother. tnnDuring questioning, he confessed that he was short of money for leisure activities; thus, he started stealing pieces of jewellery and pawning it,\" said the official.The officials said that the victim had already filed a plaint of theft in January. Officials have now started recovery of stolen jewellery in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12012411", "title": "Centre looks to deploy more UAVs in anti-Naxal fight", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre is proposing to significantly expand UAV deployment in Naxal-affected areas.Sources said the move comes in the wake of noticeable successes from UAVs that have been based in central India and operating over Naxal areas. These UAVs have been providing live streaming of images from areas where Maoists are active. \"They have been extremely helpful in our operations, in figuring out camps, tracks etc,\" an official in the security establishment said.The UAVs, deployed from the fleet belonging to the National Technical Research Organisation (NTRO), have long endurance and can linger over an area for 15-18 hours. Given that they are controlled via satellites, they are able to loiter for long hours, unlike the previous generation that the IAF had deployed. The air force UAVs were 'line of sight' vehicles that had limited range and endurance, and thus reduced capability to loiter over an area, the official said.The initial experience with the air force UAVs was not very exciting, the official said. \"But now, with the NTRO's UAVs that are controlled by ground stations through satellites, we have been able to achieve a very long endurance. It is making all the difference,\" he said.The live feed from the UAVs are received at joint command centres where both NTRO technical experts and CRPF personnel are deployed. Based on the inputs, the CRPF has carried out several successful operations in recent months, sources said.Officials said the home ministry has now asked NTRO to open a second ground station for UAVs for anti-Maoist operations. The effort is to further extend the strategic reach over the Red Corridor, an official said.As part of efforts to further strengthen UAV deployment, CRPF is also finalizing a proposal to acquire tactical UAVs that can be carried around by troops. They could be looking at a version of miniature UAVs, that can be shoulder-launched, or of similar capability, sources said.Presently, the parameters for these miniature UAVs are being finalized. These miniature UAVs are to provide advance information to troops on operation, and could be integral part of the operational capability of anti-Naxal battalions, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12013219", "title": "Vijender, Urvashi bring laurels", "text": "LUDHIANA: Two MBA semester IV students of GGN Institute of Management and Technology (GGNIMT), Ghumaar Mandi, Vijender Singh and Urvashi Mehta, brought laurels to the institute by bagging the second position at the CBS case study competition organized at Chandigarh Group of Colleges, Gharuan.They received a trophy and cash prize. Dugri resident Vijender said case study is a better method of learning than burying oneself in books.Gokul Road resident Urvashi said they faced tough competition on their way to bag the second position. \"Missing the first spot was a bit disappointing though,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12011288", "title": "Aircel official held for selling SIMs on fake documents", "text": "INDORE: The zonal sales manager of mobile phone service provider Aircel was arrested on charges of selling SIM cards without collecting proper documents in a bid to achieve the sales target. Three people have already been arrested in connection with the case.CSP Rupesh Dwivedi said the police arrested one Rahul Dikshit from his office at around 3 pm on Thursday. He was allegedly pushing sales of SIM cards of Aircel without collecting valid documents to achieve the sales target set by the company. Last week, the city police claimed to have busted a racket allegedly selling SIM cards of Aircel against fake documents.A few days ago, police had raided two shops identified as Astha Mobile Bazaar, 47, at Malgang and Priyanshi Mobile Shop at Sriram Nagar Palda in the city. Police had also seized a large number of activated and fresh SIM cards and fake documents from these shops.When a police investigation, it was found that the addressees, whom the SIM cards were issued, mentioned in the document were not living at the given addresses.Earlier, police arrested Kailash Agrawal of Chhatripura, Vijay Vyas of Sriram Nagar, Akaram of Madina Nagar on charges of cheating in the case. They reportedly confessed to the police that the SIM cards were sold on fake document. Rahul has also been booked under section 420 and 460 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "alwar/jaipur", "code": "12012551", "title": "Jat community threaten to stage protest", "text": "ALWAR/JAIPUR: The jat community in four districts -Dholpur, Alwar, Bharatpur and Karuali -- who are not included in Other Backward Classes (OBC) category in the state, has threatened to stage a sit-in on the railway tracks at various places on February 27.Though they have not yet threatened to halt the train movement, the police are geared up to deal with any kind of situation.Rajasthan Jat Aarakshan Aandolan general secretary Maha Singh said on Thursday that state government has been misguiding the jats of Dholpur and Bharatpur for a long time.\"We have waited for long and it is high time we intensify our movement to get an OBC status enjoyed by our community members in other districts,\" Chaudhary added.Jats in the state enjoy the OBC status except for the jats from Dholpur, Bharatpur, Alwar and Karuali since a government survey in 1999 had said that jats here were well-off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kochi/kollam", "code": "12012461", "title": "HC asks Italy to help probe, says no to stay", "text": "KOCHI/KOLLAM: The Kerala high court on Thursday advised the Italian government and its two navy marines to cooperate with the ongoing investigation even as the diplomatic standoff between the two countries continued with no thaw in sight.The High Court on Thursday was responding to a petition filed by chief master sergeant Massimillaino Latorre and sergeant Salvatore Girone seeking a stay on the probe and quashing of FIR against them.The court declined to grant a stay after director general of prosecution T Asaf Ali submitted to the court that investigation agencies haven't been able to seize the weapons used to shoot the fishermen. Assistant solicitor general P Parameswaran Nair also supported the state's stand and submitted to the court that investigation should be allowed to proceed at the present stage. Further submissions can be made only after getting instructions from New Delhi as high-level talks are going on, he said.Italy for the first time officially acknowledged that those killed were indeed fishermen who were mistaken for pirates. \"They were poor fishermen and not terrorists,\" said visiting Italian deputy foreign minister Steffan de Mistura.Mistura also conceded that the incident had taken place in the sea 22.5 nautical miles off Kollam coast, though he insisted that it happened in international shipping channel. He also expressed satisfaction over the way the detained Italian marines are being treated in Kerala and \"this shows the capacity of the Indian legal system to handle such situations\".Meanwhile, the Kollam judicial first class magistrate-I court extended the tow marines' remand in police custody by another week. The court also allowed the presence of one representative of the Italian government during the search for, and eventual ballistic examination of , the weapons used for shooting the two fishermen. The marines were brought back to Kochi and were kept at the CISF guest house under police custody.In fact, this was one request that senior counsel Sunil Dutta, who appeared on behalf of the owners of the ship, made before the High Court. After the court denied a stay on probe, the counsel sought for detaining the marines at the guest house where they are being kept at present. However, the court declined to interfere in the matter also. Kerala Matsya Thozhilali Aikya Vedi has also impleaded in the case, alleging that safety of fishermen is in danger due to the use of armed marines. The court directed counsels of central and State governments to get further instructions on the case and posted the case for hearing on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12012982", "title": "6 kids hurt as car hits overloaded auto", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It seems that the administration and the police have not learnt any lessons from the death of nine-year-old Archana, who had fallen from an overcrowded auto and died on February 8, as packed autos continue to ply on city roads. On Thursday, six students were injured in a road accident when an overcrowded auto was hit by a speeding Tata Aria car in Sector 26. Five of them received minor injuries, while one of the students, six-year-old Shamama, suffered critical injuries and was admitted to PGI.The right ear of Shamama was partially cut and she will undergo a surgery for it at PGI. Other five injured have been identified as Nandini, 13, Kaushlya, 9, Mohammed Akmal, 7, Sifar, 9, and Mohammed Hyder, 8. All students are residents of Bapu Dham Colony in Sector 26 and were headed towards K B DAV School, Sector 7, where they study when the auto they were travelling in was hit by a car near St Kabir Public School in Sector 26.Though the owner of the car, Vinod Aggarwal, who was at the wheel has been arrested for negligent driving, police would issue a challan against auto driver Manoj Kumar , whose auto was overloaded.As per traffic rules, only five children can travel in an auto but eight students were travelling in his auto.Sub-inspector (SI) Baljinder Singh of the Sector 26 police station said all the injured students were rushed to Government Multi Speciality Hospital, Sector 16, while Shamama was referred to PGI. He said the auto was hired by the parents of the children and auto driver Manoj used to pick up and drop the students every day.Over crowded autos carrying school children had come under the scanner of the Chandigarh police and state transport authority (STA) after the tragic death of Archana on February 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011292", "title": "Child rapist-killer gets death for second time", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur district and sessions court sentenced a rapist-killer of a four-year-old girl from Wadi to death for the second time. On September 29, 2010, district judge-1 and additional sessions judge AS Shiwankar had awarded capital punishment to Vasanta Dupare (48), for raping and killing Muskan, daughter of Krishna and Pinki Sharma, a resident of Shiv Shakti Nagar, at Wadi on April 3, 2008.This time additional sessions judge GJ Akarte found him guilty on various counts. Additional public prosecutor Jyoti Vajani, who pleaded for the prosecution last time, was successful this time as well. Earlier, when the case went to Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court for confirmation, the accused argued that four out of 17 witnesses testified in absence of his lawyer. The high court then referred the case back to sessions court with a view to provide fair opportunity to him.The lawyer pleading for Dupare cross-examined the four witnesses but still the court maintained the capital punishment awarded to Dupare. Besides being convicted under Section 302 of IPC, the accused was also found guilty under sections 376 (2) (f), 367, 363 and 201. For rape and kidnapping, he was awarded lifer along with seven years rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 3,000. All the sentences will run concurrently.Sharma family was a tenant in Wadi. On the fateful day, he took Muskan, who was playing with other kids, on his cycle promising to give her chocolates. He raped and killed her in a secluded spot at Santoshi Mata Nagar on Khadgaon road behind a godown where the minor's body was found. Two stones used to smash her were traced. The post mortem reports confirmed rape with murder. The incident created a furore in Wadi with citizens wanting to lynch the accused. After a chargesheet was filed, the court announced the sentence after two years of trial. Dupare is a history-sheeter and had four previous offences against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12012517", "title": "Sonia Gandhi cites privacy, refuses to disclose info on I-T returns", "text": "CHENNAI: Congress chief Sonia Gandhi has declined to disclose details of her income tax returns under the RTI Act, citing personal freedom and security risk. In her reply to the I-T department, she also said there was no public interest involved in disclosing such information.Chennai-based RTI activist V Gopalakrishnan had sought details of her I-T returns from the year 2000-2001 to 2010-2011. The assistant commissioner of income tax, New Delhi, who is also the chief public information officer (CPIO), wrote to the UPA chairperson on January 23 as per Section 11 of the RTI Act, 2005, seeking her response to the application. In her reply, Sonia said disclosure of such private information to third parties in guise of transparency in public life would amount to unwarranted invasion of the individual's privacy. The information submitted to the I-T department by an individual was confidential and private in nature and cannot be disclosed as per Section 138 of the Income Tax Act, 1961, she said.This is the second time that the CPIO has rejected the petition. The application was first rejected without even seeking objection from Sonia. After the appellate authority's intervention last month on Gopalakrishnan's plea, the CPIO sought a response from Sonia. \"By not calling for an objection, the CPIO has ignored the possibility of the third party expressing willingness for disclosure of personal I-T information,\" the authority had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12013759", "title": "Gang robs 3 hard discs from bank", "text": "MADURAI: Thieves broke into a bank late on Wednesday night and interestingly, walked away with just three hard discs of the bank computers creating suspicion among the police.A branch of Bank of Baroda, situated on Sakthivelammal Street in SS Colony was broken open by the some unidentified men. They had allegedly broken open the door of the back entrance with a crowbar and gained entry into the bank.When the bank employees reported for duty on Thursday morning, they found the hard discs missing, as well as the door broken open and immediately alerted the SS Colony police, who rushed to the spot and held an investigation.Personnel from the forensic department were summoned and fingerprints were collected from the scene. A sniffer dog was also pressed into service. What is amusing everyone, including the police is that the thieves did not take any cash or valuables from the bank, but had taken away only the hard discs from the computers, before leaving the place.A senior police official said that they suspect the job of some insiders in the incident since only the hard discs were taken away.Though the cash box was near the computer, the culprits never attempted to lay their hands on it nor did they bother to take the computers.\"They had taken just the hard discs that have lot of data pertaining to the bank transactions. Besides, the bank manager is residing in the first floor above the bank and there are others living in the building. They are apparently not aware of the attempt at all. We are investigating from many angles and the culprits will be held very shortly,\" he stated. Deputy commissioner, crime, C Rajendran said that thieves not disturbing any other valuable, is quite confusing. \"The burglars have gained access through the back door breaking it open which matches the normal modus operandi. However, the culprits not going for any valuables, is something different. There are also possibilities that the thieves heard some noise and abandoned further loot. Police is investigating from that angle as well,\" he said.\"We have found that the bank was not equipped with CCTV, security personnel or any other safety measures. At present, we have sealed the back door with a stone wall. The bank officials were instructed to fix the safety measures without any delay,\" Rajendran said. The police official also expressed his concern that most of the banks in the city are not equipped with important safety measures like CCTVs or security personnel.\"It becomes very difficult to investigate in such cases and we have asked the bank officials to look into the issue immediately,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12012353", "title": "HUDA set to seal illegal borewells next week", "text": "GURGAON: From next week the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) is all set to crack the whip on illegal borewells in DLF plotted colonies in the city.Confirming the move, the HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar, said: \"Five teams have been set up to identity illegal borewell connections in residential houses in the DLF areas. The teams will also take action against other plotted colonies where the house owners have installed borewells and are drawing water.\" The administrator said the team would visit door-to-door in the colonies from next week.After a survey of the houses, the team will seal the borewells in each house. Before the wells are sealed, the house owners will be asked to give an undertaking that they won't use borewells.The drive, which will cover DLF Phases 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5, is expected to go on for several months and the residents are sure to have a parched summer.The civic agency has swung into action after the deputy commissioner, P C Meena, had sent a letter to HUDA stating the Punjab and Haryana high court order on the steps needed to be taken against the illegal borewells in the city. The court is monitoring the steps taken against illegal borewells in the region.The district administration has formed 18 teams to launch the massive sealing drive against the illegal borewells. HUDA in the past had launched a special drive against the car repair workshops in the city in which dozens of borewells were sealed and police cases were registered against the owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12013735", "title": "2 injured in a freak gun fire at jatre", "text": "BELGAUM: Two persons were injured in a freak accident on Wednesday night, when two bullets fired in the air to mark the inauguration of a play hit them. The incident occurred at the local Jadisiddheshwar Jatre at Suladhal village in Gokak taluk,Naganagouda Irappa Patil, 48, of Suladhal and Santosh Channabasappa Modagi, 26, from Hudali village in Gokak taluk are the injured. Both are being treated at the district government hospital here. One of the bullets hit Naganagouda on his left hand, while another bullet pierced Santosh's neck from the left side.The duo had gone to watch the play '60 halli arasu' organized on the last day of the Jadisiddheshwar fair. Just before the play was to begin, chief guest Shivappa Mallappa Devalapur from Dharwad, also an ex-armyman, fired two bullets into the air from his revolver. The bullets hit the tin sheet roof, rebounded and hit Naganagaouda and Santosh who were in the crowd.SP Sandeep Patil said that the accused has been arrested the under Arms Act-1959 for misusing the arms license and has been remanded to judicial custody. \"Using a revolver in a public place and outside its jurisdiction is an offence. The accused's revolver license pertains only to Dharwad district,\" he added.Ankalagi PSI M H Kamble said that Devalapur had fired two bullets in Dharwad and another two in front of the Jadisiddheshwar mutt on Wednesday evening, without informing higher authorities. The accused got his gun licence just two months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12012713", "title": "PSI Gudlar goes missing after CBI notice: Police", "text": "PANAJI: PSI Sunil Gudlar, arrested by CBI investigating the police-drug mafia nexus, for violations under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substance (NDPS) Act and Prevention of Corruption Act, has gone missing since February 16. He went missing immediately after CBI served him a notice to appear before them.SP (Goa reserve police) has in a report said that efforts to trace Gudlar have turned futile. \"Even his mobile is switched off,\" a senior police officer said.Gudlar had been suspended by Goa police on January 13, 2011, and was directed to report to the GRP. \"A register is maintained in the GRP office, which has to be signed by a suspended officer on a regular basis,\" sources said.As per rules, if Gudlar doesn't report within 21 days, police can declare him an absconder.The SP's report also states that Gudlar's brother had complained that CBI would constantly come to their house and trouble him and his father. CBI has, however, refuted the charges.A CBI official said, \"We are doing our job. On February 13, a notice was sent to Gudlar to appear before us on February 14. He didn't appear on that day and arrived the next day. He waited for an hour in the office and then disappeared. Since then he has not been traceable.\"CBI also served notices to Gudlar's house on February 15 and 17. They even posted two constables at his residence. These were later withdrawn. He was earlier arrested by CBI on October 7, 2011.Gudlar, who was credited for the arrest of alleged drug dealer David Driham alias Dudu which exposed the drug-police-politician nexus in the state, filed for anticipatory bail fearing arrest again by CBI.CBI sources admitted they wanted to question him regarding Dudu's arrest, as investigations revealed that the case was \"fabricated\" by the ANC. The fabrications have already been pointed out by Dudu's lawyer in his bail application in the high court of Bombay at Goa and have been reported by TOI.Reconfirming the fabrications, CBI sources said Gudlar, who arrested Dudu, had in the FIR stated that on February 21, 2010, at 9.30pm, he received information that Dudu would be coming in his car to Anjuna between 9.30pm and 12am to deliver drugs. The FIR further states that at 11.30pm, when Dudu arrived, they searched him and found drugs on him. He was then arrested and a panchanama conducted in the presence of panch witnesses.\"Investigations have revealed that Gudlar and his team were in Anjuna the whole day and the panch witnesses' phone location was not Anjuna when the panchanama was conducted. We suspect that Dudu was arrested earlier and the panchanama was conducted much later,\" added CBI sources. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12012829", "title": "Their naming code is radical", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From hazardous chemicals, some even venomous metals and compounds, Panjab University students have been at their creative best in naming their department fests and events!Arsenic for instance, named after a metalloid that is poisonous in nature, is the title of fashion show held on Thursday as a part of three-day fest of University Institute of Chemical Engineering and Technology ( UCIET). The fest itself is called Cyanide, named after a compound, which is fatal if it enters human body. The students of chemical engineering had changed the name of their chemical festival, called the \"ChemTech\" to \"Cyanide\" in 2002. The fest has been a consistent feature on campus for 30 years but this time, the names are captivating.Other events too have been named interestingly viz F-factor, which is an adventure game as a part of Cyanide fest. \"As a part of the F-factor, students are required to transport water from one place to another using minimum number of pipes, by joining them. The friction should be the least and maximum flow of water has to be ensured,\" said Latika, a member of the Cyanide organizing team.With more such events like Polyquiz, which got its name from the word polymer and simplant, derived from simulation plant, Cyanide has a host of events named after chemicals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12013036", "title": "4 killer spots, 27 accident points identified in Panchkula", "text": "PANCHKULA: Police have identified 27 accident prone points and four killer spots where maximum number of fatalities have taken place in the past five years. The Chandimandir T-point, Majri Chowk, Ramgarh Chowk and Barwala point are the \"black spots,\" according to a study conducted by the Panchkula police.The police after studying the number of accidents in the past five years identified these four spots as the killer spots as according to the data, maximum number of fatalities took place here. Besides, the dividing road of sector 4 and 12, Panchkula has also been declared as a mishap-prone area.\"When we studied the accident cases in the past five years, these four points stood out. Our team was also sent there and reasons as to why so many fatalities have taken place there have also been mentioned in the report. Authorities concerned whom we have contacted like the Haryana Urban Development Authroity ( HUDA), National Highway Authority of India( NHAI) and Municipal Corporation (MC) have been asked to step in so that measures could be taken to avoid road accidents,\" said assistant commissioner of police (ACP) Dheeraj Sethia.The report by the ACP mentioned that the presence of blind turns, lack of traffic lights, lack of reflectors and speed breakers at these four points are some of the reasons for maximum number of accidents taking place there.The Chandimandir T-point has seen the highest number of fatalities at 22 in the past five years. \"These points are dangerous and can prove to be a threat to life if one doesn't drive carefully. We have written to the authorities concerned for remedial measures. In addition to putting up sign boards stating, 'accident prone area' near these points, we have also put these up at the dividing road of sectors 4 and 12 as a number of accidents have taken place there too,\" said Panchkula traffic inspector Ajay Disodia. \"I have my factory near Barwala and crossing the Barwala chowk is very risky. I did not know that this point has been declared a killer spot. Now I would drive more carefully and would even caution my friends who drive rashly to be careful,\" said Vivek Khindriya, a resident of Sector 6, Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12013481", "title": "6 held for double murder", "text": "BANGALORE: Parappana Agrahara police have arrested six persons for attacking villagers and hacking two to death in Shanthipura near Electronics City on Thursday night.Deputy commissioner of police (South-East ) PS Harsha said a land dispute between Papaiah (34) and Venkataswamy (30) with six others led to the scuffle.The fight began over sharing of booty raised through real estate deals. \"The accused, along with others, attacked the two with machetes and choppers. While Papaiah died en route hospital, Venkataswamy succumbed to injuries while undergoing treatment,\" the officer said. The six accused are Vijaya Kumar, 25, from Shanthinagar; Manju, 26; Raju, 27; Sunil Kumar, 28, from Kanakapura; Saleem, 27, of Harohalli on Kanakapura Road; Jayasurya from Hosur in Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011845", "title": "India mulls law to fight EU carbon tax", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is mulling a law to ban Indian airlines from participating in the European Union's stringent carbon tax scheme.India is considering its first retaliatory steps in the wake of 26 key nations' decision - including Russia and China -during a meeting in Moscow on Wednesday to confront the EU for unilaterally imposing carbon taxes on all flights landing or flying out of the eurozone.While the Indian flight operators could also be banned from accepting the EU conditions under an executive order, New Delhi is mulling if a law would provide a more robust legal defence to its decision in case of a legal challenge at home or any dispute settlement mechanism abroad.Sources in the government said that disallowing Indian operators from taking part in the EU directive could be the easiest first step to retaliate against what it sees as purely a trade measure being bandied as a climate change bogey.Though the EU tax scheme is in place, the process begins only next year, giving India a year to put in place its counter-measures. Imposing allowances, levies, cess and counter-tax on European air services could be the next step, government sources told TOI. This would help the government collect an equal amount of money from the EU operators to compensate for the additional cost to be incurred by its own airline operators.While European fliers run more than 180 flights to India under current bilateral agreements, India runs less than 100. Also a substantial numbers of fliers to Europe, the government has noted, are passengers in transit to other destinations. These passengers could easily bypass eurozone, while availing other international routes.Sources suggested that the move to block Indian flight operators from the EU carbon tax regime would require a clear political mandate. It would have to be placed before the Cabinet for its nod by this year.The government is also keen to work with other partners to take the battle against the EU to the dispute settlement mechanism under the Chicago Convention on international aviation. It would seek allies in the battle, though it is also cautious that the voting rights of all parties to the dispute are suspended until the issue is resolved.This, experts suggested, could be circumvented by finding an ally nation that would not face any economical loss in taking on EU under the convention with other key countries supporting it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011737", "title": "Eye on polls, govt mulls granting freehold rights in resettlement colonies", "text": "NEW DELHI: With MCD polls around the corner, the Delhi government on Thursday indicated that it may soon grant free hold rights to occupants of 44 resettlement colonies spread across the city.A high-level meeting presided over by chief minister Sheila Dikshit appointed a committee to consider the issue of granting free hold rights to the allottees and occupants of 44 JJ resettlement colonies.In another decision, Dikshit said the meeting has given its green signal for award of construction of 9,780 low cost houses under JNNURM with an aim to speed up the work of relocation of slum dwellers.The government is also considering whether to use DUSIB land for the construction of schools and hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016268", "title": "Imran Khan turns to singing", "text": "After Salman, Aamir and SRK, another Khan takes up the microphoneKishore Kumar , Bharat Bhushan, Geeta Dutt - singing actors took over the silver screen in 1950s and 1960s Bollywood.The trend revived when Amitabh Bachchan took to the recording studio to lend his voice to songs in his 1979 film Mr Natwarlal. Many actors have followed suit in later years.After Aamir Khan , Salman Khan and Shah Rukh Khan , another Khan boy is ready to exercise his vocal chords. Thanks to filmmaker Vishal Bhardwaj. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Imran Khan has lent his voice to what is being referred to as the 'street song' in Vishal's next project Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola.The song penned by Gulzar has been sung by Imran and his co-star Pankaj Kapur. In fact, it has already been picturised as well.A unit member revealed, \"Imran is extremely excited about working with Vishal. The filmmaker too is fond of Imran. While shooting this sequence between Imran and Pankaj Kapur, everybody felt that the dialogues could be turned into a song.\"And that's how the song was born. Gulzar had already written the dialogues and Vishal simply added music to it. The song has now been titled Jalegi Kaise.A source close to Vishal confirmed the news and added, \"Vishal loved the lyrics and the unit had a lot of fun shooting it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12012685", "title": "Was 17-yr-old driving Calvim bus?", "text": "PANAJI: Was a 17-year-old boy behind the wheel of the ill-fated bus that plunged into the Calvim river on February 18 killing six persons?More glaring contradictions have come to the fore after police admitted that another person, Samarth Shirodkar, was present in the bus at the time of the accident. Shirodkar, a student at St Thomas higher secondary school, Aldona, has denied he was driving the bus.He also said on TOI's Thursday edition that he had boarded the bus for a fun ride as there were no classes last Saturday. The school authorities, when contacted, refuted his statement and said classes were held as usual.\"The school was open on Saturday. The boy is a student of Class XI vocational stream, which had classes. The boy had bunked class and was absent for the day. His attendance after the first term (after Diwali vacation) is also very poor,\" school autho-rities said.Another point to note is the statement made by the witness on the scene.\"I saw the driver and conductor pop out of the bus after it went into the river,\" the witness said.This contradicts the statement by police at the media briefing on the day of the incident. \"According to witnesses and the bus driver, there were seven persons in the bus. Four students, two women and one man,\" police had said. Besides the four deceased students, the man was the deceased Dayanand Hoble and the woman, the deceased Josefina Dias. The other woman, who the driver thought was present, was Rachel Mendonca, who said she was not on the ill-fated bus.The driver Rajesh Naik allegedly did not tell the police about the presence of the boy in the bus. Questions arise as to why he hid the presence of the boy.Aldona residents told TOI that a practice among bus drivers on the Mapusa-Aldona-Calvim route and the Mapusa-Aldona-Quitula route is to alight from the buses at the Aldona 'tinto' (market bus stop) and hand over charge to their cleaners to continue the short trip to the Carona-Calvim ferry and back. The bus drivers also do the same for the short trip to Quitula and back, locals said.\"This is usually in the afternoon, when the drivers alight at the 'tinto' for food and a little drink. They hand the bus over to the cleaners or young boys learning to drive, to complete the trip. The lives of passengers are put in the hands of cleaners unqualified for bus driving,\" said a resident.If the police claim witnesses say Naik was driving the bus till the second-last stop, was Shirodkar given the wheel to take the bus to the ferry ramp and reverse?Transport director Arun Naik told TOI that the brakes and gear system of the bus are in \"perfect working condition\" and has ruled out any mechanical error as the cause of the accident.People in Aldona say that bus drivers are known to cut off the engine on the over 100-metre long slope towards the Calvim ferry to cut down on fuel costs. \"Drivers actually take the bus right onto the ferry ramp with the engine off before putting the vehicle in second gear to re-start the engine. This technique must have failed on that day,\" a local said.The transport department also says that the bus' fitness certificate was issued in July, 2011, the pollution under control certificate was valid till July 2012 and the bus insurance was valid till February 27, 2012. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12010783", "title": "BMW showroom staff siphons off over Rs 10 lakh from company, booked", "text": "GURGAON: The Civil Lines police have lodged an FIR against an employee of a BMW car showroom in the city for allegedly selling two cars without authorization.The complainant, showroom manager Deepak Maharana, has alleged that the accused, Rahul Pandey, a resident of Sector 29 in Noida, fled with Rs 10,42,000 belonging to the company, World Automotive Pvt Ltd.In his complaint to the police, Maharana alleged that Pandey misled them and cheated them of over Rs 10 lakh last year.In October 2011, Pandey allegedly received a payment of Rs 14,70,000 from clients for two BMW cars. He took the payment but did not deposit it in the account of the firm, said the police.Maharana then filed a complaint with the economic offences wing of the city police. During investigation, police found that Pandey had siphoned off Rs 10,42,000 from the firm.On Thursday, the Civil Lines police lodged an FIR against Pandey. \"We are investigating the case and will arrest the accused as soon as possible,\" said Naresh Yadav, SHO, Civil Lines police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12013756", "title": "Hats off to mother of 57 'daughters': Nita Ambani", "text": "JALANDHAR: When Nita Ambani, wife of the world's richest Indian Mukesh Ambani , visited Unique Home here on Thursday, she was humbled by the greatness of its founder Parkash Kaur, a simple woman full of love and piety, and who has 57 'daughters'.Parkash has been looking after these abandoned girls since 1991 in this home, which she set up with the help of some other kind-hearted persons.Nita first met Parkash last year during in Mumbai where the former was conferred with an award.''Parkash ji told described them as her daughters not her adopted children. Her love for the girls and genuineness touched my heart, and I promised to visit her home,\" Nita said, explaining what brought her here.\"She is a lamp of hope and a real hero and coming here has been a great experience,\" she remarked. \"Parkash ji is ensuring that all her daughters get opportunities in their lives, and is focusing a lot on their education and upbringing. During my interaction with these girls I found that she has made them to believe in themselves and they exude confidence,\" she said.Nita also promised to take all the \"daughters of the Home\" to watch IPL matches at her expense. Later, she visited the upcoming Home in Badshahpur village on Nakodar road. This one runs with donations from philanthropists, many of whom include NRIs, and 12 girls brought up here have already been married off.After enjoyed the girls' performance on 'Tare Zameen Pe' and 'Bam Bam Bole', she joined them in doing Dandia.The children asked her about Shah Rukh Khan, Aamir Khan and Amitabh Bachchan , and she promised to convey their messafe to the stars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12011809", "title": "Himalayan nation trying to woo Amdavadi tourists", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nepal, which became a federal democratic republic as recently as 2008, is aggressively working to transform its tourism sector into a money spinner. This is evident from the road show organized in the city, as part of Nepal Tourism Board's vision. The board is targeting India's Tier II cities like Ahmedabad, Pune and Indore.At the road show in Ahmedabad on Thursday, Nepalese travel agencies offered discount packages. As part of its Vision 2020, the country is targeting 2 million tourists in the next eight years. One of the ways that Nepal aims to achieve this aim is by pitching its new-found political stability and conducive climate to both the Western and Asian countries. Indians constitute the biggest chunk of tourist crowd in the neighboring country. In 2011, Nepal saw a 28% year-over-year increase in the number of Indian visitors. In January 2012, alone, Indian tourist arrivals grew 29.2% compared to the same month last year.Nepal has also improved its air connectivity to India to lure in more visitors. However, harassment of Indian visitors by border security personnel at entry point as well as the nuisance of local drug mafia poses concerns. The tourism board members said the government back home is aware about the concerns and it is to this effect that the tourist police cell and NTB crisis cell have been set up.After 2011 - Year of Nepal Tourism, this year the country is promoting Lumbini, the birthplace of Gautam Buddha. Also home to the birthplace of Sita, Nepal also focused on its adventure sports and entertainment offerings such as casinos at the road show held in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12011784", "title": "Anti-narcotic cell opened", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Anti-Narcotic Cell (ANC) which was thrown open on Thursday would operate under three wings. City police commissioner A K Khan, speaking to the media, said that the three wings - technical wing, surveillance wing and investigation wing- will be operating under different inspectors attached to ANC. \"Our vigil will continue, especially on foreign nationals. Drug peddlers are targeting children of rich families who are loaded with pocket money of nearly Rs 2 lakh\", Khan said.He said that drugs were being routed to India either from African countries or South American countries. Police will be educating the people against the drug menace by taking up various programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12017214", "title": "High Court directs Israeli couple to 'quit India' within a week", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Friday ordered that the Israeli couple who were under investigation in Kochi for visa rules violation should \"quit India within a week's time''.Justice S Siri Jagan of the Court in his order said the couple Shneor Zalman and Yaffa Shenoi can can seek further legal remedies within this weeks' time.Based on a petition by the couple that their version was not heard by the collector, justice Siri Jagan had ordered the district collector P I Sheik Pareeth last week to hear their grievance and pass appropriate orders.After hearing the couple's version, the collector has reported to the state attorney that the purpose of their visit was not validated by the central government. Coupled with intelligence report citing suspicious activities, this violation of visa norms is enough to deport the couple, the collector informed the court on Thursday.The couple had come to the city on March 3, 2010, and was staying in a house taken on rent at Rose Street, Fort Kochi. They were in the country from March 3, 2010. When their visas expired on March 3 last year, they went out and returned on April 1, 2011 on a new visa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "director", "code": "12004117", "title": "Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Mandeep Kumar Cast: Genelia D'Souza, Riteish DeshmukhOff late most romantic comedies start with the accidental encounter of a spirited girl and a reticent guy, who subsequently set off on an unexpected journey. Same is the case here though their first encounter leads to an impromptu abduction! Also most love stories end with the bride running away on her wedding day to her real Prince charming. Over here the bride remains in place though they opt for a husband interchange in the marriage mandap . The alterations might be minor but, in totality, it helps this regular rom-com gain an identity of its own.The best alternative that the film chooses, however, is having Genelia D'Souza play the free-spirited girl over the over-exploited Kareenas and Katrinas that the genre has often seen. Genelia not only brings freshness to the genre but her camaraderie with Riteish Deshmukh is at full throttle as compared to all their earlier outings.To escape an undesired wedlock, Mini (Genelia D'Souza) gets herself kidnapped by the hands of a rickshaw driver Viren (Riteish Deshmukh). The unassuming Viren turns victim of the situation and has no option but to carry forward with Mini's plans. Until the duo actually gets kidnapped by some gangster.The writing by Dhieyo Sandhu might not be path-breaking stuff but doesn't fall in the predictable territory either. The first half works towards building the rapport between the lead pair through their escapades. While the narrative, more or less, keeps you hooked, the graph dips intermittently and one wishes the escapades should have been more eventful. There isn't any physical intimacy between the couple though their contrasting characters contribute to their credible chemistry.The second half lands in more familiar territory amidst a North Indian sarso-ke-khet backdrop. You are randomly introduced to Viren's extended joint family and their specialized family business - kidnapping. There are lessons on optimization in the abduction trade and endorsement of Indian tourism with lectures on how to treat foreign travelers with respect. Evidently they contribute nothing to the plot but are amusing nonetheless. Further you are assured that this family setting is the ideal place where ' Pyaar To Hona Hi Tha ' between the lead pair.Fortunately director Mandeep Kumar has control over things and doesn't let the film go out of hands. Neither does he let Genelia's animated act go overboard, nor does he overuse the cultural backdrop. Unlike most films in similar vein ( Jab We Met, Love Aaj Kal, Ajab Prem Ki Ghajab Kahani ), there is no third angle in the love story and thankfully so. The film employs the abduction trade on a lighthearted backdrop resulting to some good humour. However a minor bone of contention is that it subsequently uses the same aspect to set a moral tone in the climax.The film primarily works thanks to the convincing chemistry and performances by the lead pair. Riteish Deshmukh is resourcefully restrained, perfectly poised and, needless to say, his comic timing is impeccable. At the same time he allows Genelia to take lead as the film largely revolves around her character. And Genelia does complete justice to her meaty role with a refreshing and dynamic act. Her cute looks and electrifying smile add to her appeal. From the character cast, Om Puri gets the best lines and induces frequent laughter. Chitrashi Rawat and Navin Prabhakar are wasted. Veena Malik's item number was avoidable.With the feel-good factor working to its advantage, you might just end up saying Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya to this sweet-n-simple film.Verdict: Good", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12010846", "title": "MANIT cuts theory class hours", "text": "BHOPAL: In a bid to focus more on practical studies, Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) reduced the number of theory classes from the next academic session. The issue came up for discussion at the senate meeting on Wednesday.The senate meeting, the first in 2012, took a clutch of important decisions on academics. The senate, the highest academic decision making body of the premier national technical institute, comprises director, registrar, deans and heads of departments. It also has three external members.\"The objective behind reducing the theory classes is to help students devote more time to practical knowledge, including research and others work,\" MANIT registrar Savita Raje said.Sources said MANIT authorities agreed to bring the number of four classes, credit in college parlance, in a week to three. \"Devoting more time to theoretical classes has made it difficult for students to learn more about practical aspect,\" sources said.Besides, senate decided to revise ordinances in under-graduate, post graduate and PhD courses. The institute has been revising its ordinances in all courses to add comprehensive information about disciplines being run in the institute.The senate takes decision on the minutes provided by the Board of Studies (BOS). The BOS comprises the head of the department of the respective department, two external experts and professors which recommended changes in the ordinances depending on the need. The minutes of ordinances are presented to the senate for the final decision.\"We have decided to revise ordinance for the next session. Students will come to know about all subjects through ordinances after joining the institute,\" director Kuttan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12012239", "title": "Raj Thackeray's acquittal sets off blame game", "text": "MUMBAI: The state home department on Thursday said it relied on its law and judiciary department's report to close the case against Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray . On Tuesday, the Bombay High Court had quashed a case against Thackeray for his provocative speech against the north Indian migrant community delivered in 2008.\"The home department had sought law and judiciary department's opinion on Raj Thackeray's inflammatory statement and tirade against migrants, especially those hailing from north Indian community. On the file seeking sanction to prosecute Thackeray, the law and judiciary department stated that speech of the accused (Raj Thackeray), if read in totality, will not fall under Section 153 (A) of IPC. Hence, the case is not fit for accounting sanction to prosecute the accused under Section153 (A) of the IPC,\" a senior home department official said on condition of anonymity.In 2008, Vikhroli police arrested Thackeray and registered a case against him under Section 153 (A) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12013863", "title": "Budget meet postponed due to JD(S) row", "text": "MYSORE: Internal bickering in the ruling JD(S) on Thursday led to the postponement of the budget meeting of Mysore zilla panchayat.Though the meeting was put off on technical grounds - there was no quorum -ruling party members' decision to stay away from the meeting has triggered a crisis.A section of the party was upset with ZP chief Sunitha Veerappagowda, who was supposed to resign in December. JD(S) has teamed with the BJP to rule the zilla panchayat.The squabble is likely to intensify with Veerappagowda refusing to resign for some time. She said she will submit her resignation on Friday after the budget. \"But now JD(S) members decided to abstain from the meeting, so I'll have to decide my next course of action,\" she said.Of the 16 JD(S) members, 11 didn't turn up while only three people from BJP turned up.Congress members didn't attend the meeting either but kept a close watch over the developments. In all, 37 members are required to conduct the meeting.The meeting started at 11am and officials were led by CEO G Sathyavati, even though only a few members were present. The meeting was subsequently postponed to 12.40 pm, citing lack of quorum. The next date for holding the meeting is yet to be announced. == Labourer found hanging Mysore: Raju, 33, a labourer was found hanging from a ceiling fan in his relative's house in Golhanahalli near Bilkere village of Hunsur taluk on Wednesday.Police said a drunken brawl had taken place between the Raju and another labourer Bornayaka in the evening. Later that night, Raju was found dead. Raju's father Paapshetty in his complaint alleged that Bornayaka's friends Shivanayaka and seven others murdered Raju and then hanged him from the fan to make it look like a suicide. A case has been registered at Bilkere police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011684", "title": "Notice to govt over SC/ST students\u2019 fee", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Thursday issued showcause notices for contempt of court to the principal secretary of the social justice department and school education department for not complying with its order to reimburse fees of SC/ST and backward-class students.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More was hearing a PIL saying after the state stopped reimbursing fees in 2007, students had been harassed by schools.On April 28, 2011, the HC ordered the reimbursement of fees to various schools. On behalf of the schools, it was submitted that non-reimbursement of fees was making it difficult for them. When the assistant government pleader was asked about the reason behind the non-reimbursement, the judges were told that the state had issued a GR directing a monthly support of Rs 100-150 to below-poverty-line students who study English-medium schools. The advocates for petitioners and schools pointed out that the order did not cover the fees for them. Concurring with them, the judges directed the issue of showcause notices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12013351", "title": "Land acquisition near Haryana MP's colleges under HC lens", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Acquisition of a chunk of land in Uchana village of Jind district of Haryana, allegedly to benefit Congress stalwart and Rajya Sabha MP, Birender Singh, has come under the scanner of Punjab and Haryana high court, which on Thursday put the Haryana government, Birender Singh and his wife Prem Lata on notice.Notices were also issued to land acquisition collector, PWD (B&R; branch), Hisar and engineer-in-chief, PWD (B&R; branch), Haryana seeking their response on the issue.The matter reached the high court on Thursday through a petition filed by Baljit Singh of Uchana Kalan village of Jind district.The petitioner said that he owns land measuring 1.9 acre situated at Uchana Kalan and had developed an orchard there after spending a huge amount. The state government issued a notification in May and November last year to acquire the said land for \"public purpose\" for construction of a rest house.However, the petitioner informed the HC that the very purpose of the acquisition was not for public purpose but only to please the MP and senior Congress leader, Birender Singh, who is running two private colleges on the adjoining land.The two colleges are Rajiv Gandhi Mahavidayalya, in which Birender Singh is a trustee, and Birender Singh College of Nursing, run by his wife Prem Lata, he said. He also submitted that due to presence of high-tension wire of 132 KV near and over the land of these colleges, they were unable to utilize the said land properly.Counsel for the petitioner, Deepak Balyan submitted that once the petitioner's land is acquired for building a rest house, the government will have to remove the said high tension line from the said area, giving indirect benefit to institutions run by Birender Singh.\"Due to the affiliation of Birender Singh with the ruling Congress government, they invented a new formula to remove the 132 KV electric line and for that purpose, proceedings under section 4 &amp; 6 were initiated so that authorities may shift the electric line on government expense in view of the acquisition for public purpose,\" the counsel submitted.In support of his allegations, counsel also produced some communications between local officials in which they had observed that acquisition of the said land would be illegal.\"The state has plenty of other alternative and suitable vacant land available, but the respondents were adamant, under directions from Birender Singh, and chose to acquire the land. There are two rest houses on the same very road at a distance of 13 to 15 kms. In such circumstances, no public purpose will be served by the proposal which would cost the government around Rs 1 crore,\" the petition added while seeking quashing of the acquisition process. The case would now come up for further hearing on March 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12012396", "title": "BJP to decide on tie-up with MNS", "text": "NASHIK: After the NMC elections threw up a fragmented mandate, the BJP is scheduled to decide whether it would support the MNS that has emerged as the single largest party, on Saturday.After the seat of mayor was thrown open under the general category, political parties are busy getting equations right to have their own mayor and get access to the ruling benches. Speculations are rife that BJP will go with MNS. But the decision will rest with the pradesh meet to be held on Saturday.The BJP had severed ties with Shiv Sena before NMC elections and majority of members believe joining hands with MNS is a better idea now than the Shiv Sena, even as a small contingent feels that the party should focus on the state elections within the next two years. The BJP city unit however maintained that the state unit chief will call the shots.The party has been with Shiv Sena for the last 15 years. \"What is the harm in going with a former party ally in such times?\" one of the leaders questioned on condition of anonymity. However, MNS tops the choice of party leaders. \"We have an opportunity to get access to the coffers. We will be able to carry out developmental works which will help us prepare grounds for the state elections,\" said a party leader.Yet another faction prefers to stay out of power. \"The people's mandate has to be respected. BJP gained nothing after being with the Sena, neither will realignment with MNS help. BJP is not power hungry. Instead, we now have a chance to build our party,\" some of the leaders said.Political observers feel the local unit had fought for the decision to go it alone in the elections as against the alliance with Shiv Sena. Working against the interest of the Sena now may not be tolerated and the party will be asked to either stay aloof or be with the Shiv Sena. \"Too much of liberty may not be given to the Nashik unit, whose result has not impressed the party office-bearers,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12013159", "title": "Flower show to begin, residents hope for blooms", "text": "LUDHIANA: If all goes according to the municipal corporation's plans, Ludhianvis will be able to enjoy a variety of spring blooms at a flower show in Rose Garden on March 4 and 5. Excited to participate in and see the show, residents are keeping their fingers crossed that the flowers will bloom in time and they will not be disappointed seeing bare flower beds like last year.Residents can register their flowers for a contest in the show. Gardens developed by park management committees (PMCs) would also be judged and the authorities expect 200 PMCs to participate in the event.Apart from the flower show, MC is planning a baby show, on the spot painting competition and a 'dhol' competition to add more excitement to the event.The last date for registering entries for the flower show, baby show and dhol competition is March 3 while residents can register for the painting competition till March 2.However, MC officials are yet to complete basic arrangements like beautifying the garden and tending the flower beds before the event. Landscaping officer S P Sharma said, \"Like last year we are going to organize a flower show in Rose Garden and in the next few days we will start getting entries from residents.'' He added that they are making all the necessary arrangements at the garden and hopefully the flowers will also bloom by then.Those who regularly participate in flower shows are excited about the MC's show too. \"I am going to participate in this flower show because I am a flower lover and last year too I had won a prize,'' said D P S Chadha, a businessman staying in Kitchlu Nagar.Sareeka Aggarwal, a homemaker and resident of BRS Nagar said, \"Last year I was not able to participate because I had not received information in time but this time I will definitely compete.'' For Haibowal-resident Simran Kaur, the main concern is whether the show will be a let down like last time. \"It is very disappointing when there are no flowers in the flower show,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016424", "title": "I fell in love with acting in college: Amar Upadhay", "text": "I always wanted to get into Chemical Engineering, and got into the Bombay Institute of Technology. And it was like entering another hemisphere. The first thing that struck me was the attitude of people living in South Mumbai. They behaved as if people from the suburbs were somehow inferior to them. But on the whole, college life proved to be an enriching experience for me in many ways.What I loved most about it was that it helped me discover what I wanted to do in life. We'd have plays during our annual day and that was where I fell in love with acting.I still remember how, in those early days, I went through an incident that many people in the entertainment industry have experienced. I was selected to play the lead role for the college play, which was being directed by a well known director. I had put my heart and soul during into rehearsals. The director even praised me for my performance. And then one day, I learnt that I was no longer doing the role. Apparently, someone close to the director had grabbed it! I lost my temper and had a big showdown with the director. While my professors sided with me, they didn't want to upset the director either. So I was offered a small role. I flatly refused and walked out of the play. In the following years, however, I did take part in plays.The first and second year was a lot fun. We took pleasure in pulling the leg of junior students from South Mumbai who showed a lot of attitude. There was one guy who loved throwing his weight around. We would listen to what he ordered and then order the same things. When the waiter took it to him, we'd threaten him to serve us first. After a few months, he finally became a good friend and started to sit with us, minus the attitude! We didn't even spare the professors. We would write some silly chemical formulae on the blackboard. When the professor would ask us about it, we'd say that he had given it. And then all the boys would show their books with the same formula, saying that he did give it! The poor man would get really confused! But despite of all the mischief, I never let my studies suffer and always managed to get good marks. Perhaps that is why the authorities never hauled us up!BACK TRACK 1. FAV CANTEEN SNACK  Vada Pav and Ussal2. FAV SUBJECT Engineering drawing3 MY CRUSH A senior student. She was beautiful and we'd often meet in the canteen and the library4. TOPMOST 'OUTSTANDING' ACTIVITYWatching movies5. HANGOUT BUDGET Rs 600As told to Saadia S Dhailey", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016213", "title": "Police nab Vidya Balan\u2019s stalker", "text": "A man in his late 20s had been following the actress to her film sets and even to her Khar flatFreakin' Awesome! Freakin' Awesome! Freakin' Awesome! Freakin' Awesome! Freakin' Awesome! Mail this article Mail this page Print this article Print this page Translate this page Translate this page Rate me....With an increasing fan base, come the inevitable few stalkers. But little did Vidya Balan know that a stalker would turn her life upside down. After following her to the sets of her films, the stalker found his way to her apartment recently.The actress' spokesperson confirmed the story but refused to elaborate saying, \"It is a personal matter.\"The stalker who is said to be in his late 20s or early 30s had been harassing the actress for a long time. \"He used to be there on her sets. He used to be there in her building. Once unknowingly, Vidya even nodded to him and said 'Namaste',\" a friend of Balan told Mumbai Mirror.The visits to her sets and building became more frequent after the release of The Dirty Picture. \"He was obsessed with Vidya,\" a resident of Anand Vihar Apartments (where Vidya stays) told us.Things took an ugly turn last week. A friend of Balan revealed, \"The stalker managed to go up to Vidya's flat. Thankfully, Vidya was not at home at that time. Her sister, who delivered twins in November last year, opened the door. When told that Vidya had gone out, the stalker asked if Vidya had gone out with her niece Ira and nephew Ruhaan.\"Vidya was taken aback. After returning home, she asked the security guards of her building to keep a watch out for the guy. The stalker returned soon enough. And this time, the security guards alerted the cops.Enquiries at Anand Vihar apartments revealed, \"Woh paagal sa tha. Police took him away. And thankfully, he hasn't been seen after that.\"A police official (on request of anonymity) told us that they nabbed the stalker and let him off with a warning.Stalker favouritesNovember 2009, Katrina Kaif Kat's stalker found his way to the actress' apartment. When told that Katrina wasn't home, the stalker went away. The actress' manager alerted the cops. The stalker, undeterred returned only to realise that the security had been increased. At the promotion of Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani, Kat was shocked to see him again.August 2010, Kangna Ranaut Kangna's stalker was also sent to custody. Her stalker started writing passionate love letters to her. One day, things got out of hand when the stalker created a scene at Leena Mogre's gym. Mogre called the cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12012287", "title": "Cash transfer plan to low-cost toilet beneficiaries", "text": "PATNA: The public health and engineering department (PHED) is mulling over making policy changes pegged on transferring money directly to beneficiaries of low-cost toilets, so as to achieve the target of providing such toilets to over 1.12 crore households by 2017 under the Ram Manohar Lohia Sanitation Mission.PHED minister Chandra Mohan Rai said this on Thursday while replying to the short-notice question of JD(U) member Achyutanand in the state assembly. He said that the beneficiaries include 61 lakh BPL families and 51 lakh above poverty line (APL) families in the state.Maintaining that the progress of work being done to construct and provide low-cost toilets to the designated or identified families was slow, Rai also said that a workshop had been organized to look into the problems and obstacles involved in achieving the target. A crucial workshop is to be held in April, when the modalities of policy changes would be decided, Rai said, adding that the department could decide to transfer the money involved worth Rs 3,500 for the construction of each toilet directly to the identified beneficiaries.According to him, till February 2011, such toilets had been provided to 28.34 lakh families in the state. Lapses, in any, in the selection of a village for its declaration as Nirmal Gram would be rectified, as the parameters have become stringent, Rai added.Directive on ration cards: Food and civil supplies and consumer protection minister Shyam Rajak said on Thursday that as many as 42.97 families in the state have remained deprived of their ration cards. Respective DMs of districts have been asked to take up suitable steps to provide ration cards to these families in their districts.As per the survey, ration cards have to be provided to 1.12 crore BPL families, 25 lakh Antyodaya families and 1.68 crore APL families. Rajak was giving government's reply to the starred question of JD(U) member Achyutannd. On the other hand, Speaker Uday Narayan Choudhary told him to look into complaints regarding short supply of kerosene in Wajirganj and Manpur blocks of Gaya district whose minister in-charge he was.Drainage of water from DMCH: Urban development minister Prem Kumar said on Thursday that the remaining Rs 1.48 crore would be provided early in the next financial year to complete the implementation of the project for permanent drainage of water from the campus of DMCH. He was giving government's reply to the starred question of BJP member Sanjay Sarawagi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12011273", "title": "Is Amravati CP getting transferred?", "text": "AMRAVATI: Is Amravati commissioner of police getting transferred? Well, that seems to be the talk of the town even as rumours are rife that Amitesh Kumar is likely to be transferred to Nagpur or sent to Australia for training. But, Kumar himself is yet to receive any such order.\"I am aware of the rumours but I have not received any official correspondence or order about that,\" said Kumar speaking to TOI. \"In fact, nowadays wherever I go every one is congratulating me saying I am going to Australia for training, but I myself don't know about it.\"The rumours started gaining ground after Amravati police seized Rs 1 crore cash from a car during the election period. It was later found out to be Congress Party fund. Two persons including a close aide of minister of state finance minister Rajendra Mulak were arrested. Sources said that Amitesh Kumar had tightened the noose around the criminals during election period to conduct free and fair elections and proper enforcement of model code of conduct.Sources also felt that since the investigation of Rs 1 crore case is at a crucial stage, transfer of the police chief may affect the investigation significantly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12012130", "title": "Campus fests reach exotic foreign locales", "text": "BANGALORE: A foreign connection is always a matter of pride for campuses. Now, colleges are taking it further, and holding their campus fests abroad. And in the light of this, excursions, exchange studies and industrial visits appear passe.Jain University's Centre for Management Studies is conducting their management fest 'Precipice 2012' in \"the breath-taking sceneries, haute couture and explosive cultures of Milan, Venice and Switzerland\".\"Precipice tests the decision-making, organizational and entrepreneurial skills of students, while taking them out of their comfort zone and helping them explore new dimensions. You can have a fest in the auditorium as well, but there are a lot of things students learn when they travel abroad. Here, everything is at their beck and call,\" explained M S Santosh, registrar, Jain University.The finals of the fest is held at locations outside the college. However, this is the first year they are going outside Asia. Last year, it was in Macau.Around 250 students are at the fest, being held from February 17 to 24. The qualifying teams are fully sponsored by the university. The finale of Precipice 2012 is being held at Rosa Milano. The journey will include a football match at the San Siro stadium, gondola rides in Venice, the Swissminiatur in Lugano and the Duomo Cathedral, among others.PROMOTING THE INSTITUTECity colleges go on aggressive promotional campaigns abroad to woo foreign students to Indian campuses, just as foreign universities hold educational fairs in India. Like CMR Group of Institutions conducts promotional activities in 12 countries, including all SAARC (South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation) countries except Pakistan, other Asian countries like Korea and Vietnam, Doha and Kuwait in West Asia, and African countries like Congo and Ghana. The faculty and management visit institutes in these countries and hold talks and presentations.\"The response need not be always good,\" said M Shiva Kumar, director, Dayananda Sagar Junior Business School. The institute had conducted roadshows in Colombo twice a year. \"Students have their own criteria for choosing colleges. They need not look at the facilities available with the institute,\" he said.There are as many as 10,899 foreign students studying in various colleges in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12013434", "title": "Is the IIT-B \u2018slanguage\u2019 mainstream?", "text": "Some of them write complex computer code, others delve into the lesser-known, nearreclusive world of algorithms and variable calculus. But other than the many contributions students of IIT, Powai, may have made to the world of scientific engineering is the quirky IIT lingo or 'slanguage' - or so the current batch of students claims. It has succeeded in weaving its thread into Mumbai's conversation, the students insist.They put forth the list. Consider 'funda'. There are filmi fundas, fashion fundas and even traffic fundas. For IIT-Bians from several decades ago, 'fundamental' was way too cumbersome to say and more than half as un-cool. Then there's \"boss\". A very reverent way to refer to 'general' people who don't matter. 'General', which probably evolved from a 'general store' - a place where you get 'random' and 'not-so-random' things. 'Random', a term to describe stuff that crops up when you're least expecting it to; but then 'random' can be quite 'general' too.Also, there's inside fraternity terminology that general Mumbaikars (as opposed to the IIT-Bians) are not privy to. Like referring to an MTech as 'matka'. For today's IITian, there is also 'daya'; there are 'daya students', who need to catch up, as are there 'daya profs', bereft of teaching ability.The Powai campus has a corridor so long, it's seemingly infinite. A student of civil engineering says, \"What we have is an 'infy corridor'.\" Pushing the concept a notch above is 'infy max' for whatever is over the top, too difficult to handle and seemingly unending.IITians also have in their midst 'nabads' aka those students who have experienced a nervous breakdown. That, definitely is a 'daya' situation, one might add.Also consider the concept of 'topo karo' or 'topo maaro', which might emerge as the student invention of the sixties to beat all others, says a student. The term 'glass topo' was IITspeak confined to the lonely, far-flung Powai campus of those years. The underlying funda: An invented wheel needs no re-inventing. So to 'topo maaro' a design sheet or flowchart, one needed two chair frames, a square piece of glass that fit between the two, a lamp lit at the bottom of the chair, one finished product on top and the unfinished product placed above it. An easy trace-over followed for a new wheel to be generated. The idea may or may not have been original, but 'glass topo', the name, sure was. 'Topo maar' was a quick-fix done the night before submission. But make no mistake, fundas were duly mastered, only later. For there's no escaping fundas at an IIT.No matter how 'maxed' out you are.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12012518", "title": "BJP will raise illegal mining issue in Parliament: Rajnath", "text": "PANAJI: Bharatiya Janata party (BJP) senior leader Rajnath Singh alleged that the Congress has promoted and protected illegal mining in the state and that the BJP will raise the issue in the next session of Parliament.Speaking to media persons, Singh said, \"The most important issue in the Goa elections is the rampant illegal mining in the state. The state government misused its power and authority to promote and protect the widespread network of illegal mines in the Western ghats.\"He also said that all cases of illegal mining will be referred to the Lokayukta who will be empowered to investigate even the chief minister's role in the mining scam.Singh stated that whenever the Congress party has come to power, it has increased corruption. He also said that Congress is unable to provide relief to people struggling under the scourge of inflation. He said the BJP-led state governments are working hard for the welfare of people. \"The BJP will follow the same course in Goa if voted to power,\" he added.Stating that Goans have experienced the BJP-led NDA rule at the Centre as well as BJP rule in the state, Singh expressed the view that the party will be voted to power because of its excellent track record in good governance and development.\"We believe that the people of Goa will reject the communalization of politics by the Congress party and support the BJP for its commitment to good governance and development,\" said Singh.Referring to the issue of the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC), Singh said that keeping the growing opposition in mind, the government should put the NCTC on hold, unless consensus emerges on the issue. He also said that the NCTC proposal should also be debated in Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12013460", "title": "Many couldn\u2019t vote in Kanpur as names missing from electoral list", "text": "KANPUR: Hundreds of voters in the 10 assembly constituencies of the Industrial City were deprived of their democratic right to exercise franchise as their names were missing from the voter list during the fifth phase of polling on Thursday.Maximum names of missing names were reported from Maharajpur, Kidwai Nagar and Sisamau. The residents of Faithfulganj locality - Intikhab Alam, Mohd Shadab, Ahmad Ali, Tahaseem Beg, Mohd Habib Akhtar, Mumtaz Ahmad were among those who could not vote even after having voter ID cards.This incident took place at the Cantt Board School polling centre in Cantt assembly constituency. The incident took place at 9 am, two hours after the polling began. Many Muslim voters from Bakarganj area, which also falls under Cantt assembly constituency, also complained that their names were missing from the electoral rolls.Some of them were Javed Hassan, Sia and Sana Rizvi, Shoyeb Mohd Fahim etc. They said they had personally visited the district collectorate and filled up the requisite forms for obtaining an electoral card. Manoj Kumar, Rakesh and Mukesh, all residents of Baghai area, were also barred from voting.This happened due to delimitation of their constituency. The trio said that earlier their area used to come under Govind Nagar assembly segment but this time, their area had changed to Cantt constituency. They also said that their voter ID cards were made from Govind Nagar constituency, while they had to vote from Cantt area.Zakir Hussain, a resident of Ajeetganj Colony, also could not cast his vote. He was agitated and revealed that his entire family had cast their votes but only he was barred from the process. Komal Tiwari, a resident of Shankaracharya Nagar, which falls in Maharajpur constituency, said, \"I had filled up the registration form a few months ago. Yet my name was not there in the voter list. Even my mother was sure that she had updated the names of all the family members in the list, yet the scene was disappointing as my whole family's name was missing from the voter list.\" Ramesh Tiwari, father of Komal, said they are residing in the area for the past 13 years and had voted in as many as four elections from the same constituency. This time, his daughter Komal was to vote for the first time but unfortunately, she could not use her right to exercise franchise. He added, \"I was shocked to know that the names of all my family members - my daughter, wife and mine were missing from voting list.\"Poonam of Maharajpur constituency had come from Delhi to cast her vote. She said, \"I took two days leave from my job, just to vote. Though, I am not a first-time voter, still I was highly disappointed when if found that my name was not in voter list this time.\" Others who could not cast their vote in Maharajpur constituency included Smriti Misra, Sushil Mishra, Richa Tiwari, Uma Tiwari, Rahul Shukla, Aman and Neena Gupta.Several voters also returned disappointed from the Cawnpore Orphanage polling booth on Latouche road, which falls under Arya Nagar constituency, as their names were also missing from the electoral list.The first-time voters were the most disappointed lot among all. Komal Jai Singhani of Kidwai Nagar, said that all her college mates were first-time voters. All of them had filled the registration forms and were told that their names would appear in the voter list a week before the polling day. But their wait went in vain. On Thursday, many found that their names were not in the list.Similar was the scene at Harsahay Degree College on P Road. Tulika and Vaishnavi Shukla expressed strong resentment over not getting a chance to vote. They said that they would not come to vote ever again. At this polling centre, a huge rush of voters was witnessed throughout the day.A resident of Kidwai Nagar constituency, Nitin, said he had filled up the form twice, both at the collectorate and at the college. He waves his voter ID card and said, \"Though I have a proof of having myself registered, now it is of no use as my name is nowhere in voter list.\"Altaf, who had registered 10 members of his family, found that only three names were included in the voter list. At St Xavier's College in Ashok Nagar which comes under Kalyanpur assembly constituency, several young voters were barred from voting. Radhe Mohan Saxena, a resident of Ashok Nagar, was quite angry with Election Commission as he could not vote. His name was missing from the voter list.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12013352", "title": "Karnataka crisis: RSS firm that Sadananda Gowda is here to stay", "text": "BANGALORE: The Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) has categorically told the BJP high command that \"there will be no change in the leadership of the Karnataka BJP legislature party\".Apparently taking serious note of developments in the state BJP, RSS leaders have told the party high command not to succumb to pressure tactics of BS Yeddyurappa and his followers. Sources in the RSS and BJP high command also told TOI that \"nonsense and indiscipline will not be tolerated and encouraged\".An RSS source said the Sangh was happy with the performance of chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and neither the RSS nor the BJP high command has any second thoughts on this.Asked about Jagadish Shettar's new-found friendship with Yeddyurappa and the likelihood of the former replacing Gowda, the source said the Sangh had high regard for Shettar and his affiliation with it. But RSS leaders are not inclined to replace Gowda with Shettar at this juncture, the source said. \"When Gowda has lent stability to governance and is performing well, where is the question of changing him?\" the source wondered.Sources in the BJP high command, too, were of the firm opinion that Yeddyurappa's threats hold no water as he had the support of hardly 20 to 25 legislators. \"Wait for a day or two. Nitin Gadkari , who is visiting Bangalore, will clear the air surrounding the leadership and categorically tell state party leaders to keep quiet,\" a senior BJP leader said, denying that Yeddyurappa's moves had the tacit support of a section of central party leaders, including Gadkari.Asked about Yeddyurappa's new February 27 deadline for the high command to take a decision, the leader said it will have no impact on the government, and the party is ready to face any consequences arising out of any extreme step taken by the former chief minister.But the BJP leadership is unclear what to do if Yeddyurappa manages to mobilize enough numbers in the legislature party to jeopardize the government. \"As of now, we are confident he has no numbers to destabilize Gowda. We will think of it whenever such a situation arises,\" a BJP leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12015333", "title": "Google Chrome browser to get \u2018do-not-track\u2019 button", "text": "LONDON: Google Inc will allow a \"do-not- track\" button to be embedded in its Web browser, letting users restrict the amount of data that can be collected about them.The world's most popular search engine will join with other Web companies to support the anti-tracking initiative, which prevents an individual's browsing history from being used to tailor ads, according to an e-mailed statement today.\"We're pleased to join a broad industry agreement to respect the 'do-not-track' header in a consistent and meaningful way that offers users choice and clearly explained browser controls,\" Google Senior Vice President of Advertising Susan Wojcicki said in the statement.Google, based in Mountain View, California , joined the initiative as the Obama administration unveiled plans to give consumers more control over their personal information online. Congress should enact a privacy bill of rights for Web users, the administration said in a report released today.Revelations about potential privacy vulnerabilities during the past year have spurred calls from regulators and lawmakers in Washington for stronger protections of personal data online and on Internet-connected mobile devices.Google announced plans on January 24 to unify privacy policies for products including YouTube videos and Android software for mobile phones, saying it will simplify conditions that users agree to.Consumer data Google and Facebook, the world's largest social network, are among Web companies facing scrutiny over their handling of consumer data used to power an online ad market projected to reach $39.5 billion in the US this year, according to eMarketer Inc, a New York-based research firm.The White House report sets broad principles for the use of personal information that include giving consumers control over what data is collected on them and how it is used; providing understandable privacy policies; and handling consumer data securely. The Commerce Department will meet with companies and privacy advocates to develop voluntary standards for businesses based on the principles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "12013572", "title": "Violation of ban on polythene: Notices served", "text": "KARNAL: The state pollution control board has served notices on the chief medical officers of 21 districts as well as the top brass of the state health department for violating the ban on use of polythene banners.The TOI had recently brought to fore the violation of ban on use of polythene by the state health department which had used the polythene sheets to propagate its vaccination drives against polio.Talking to TOI, chairman of the pollution control board R R Jowel said the board had already issued notices to chief medical officers of all districts in the state asking them to explain as to how the ban on use of polythene was violated by them. He said that it was surprising to note that the district administration had also failed to take note of the violations and allowed putting up of the polythene banners.He said that the violation of the ban was a serious issue and the department would show no let up in taking appropriate action against any official found guilty of the lapses. Jowel said that the department had already been sending regular circulars to various government departments of the state asking them to desist from use of polythene.Meanwhile, the health officials at the district level remained tightlipped over the issue. When contacted, several chief medical officials refused to comment on the issue. Earlier, the CMOs had said that the polythene banners had been printed by the state health department and they were only following the orders.Sources in the health department maintained that after getting caught in the controversy, the health authorities were now deliberating upon as to how to destroy the banners which had come up across all districts on February 17. These sources said that after spending lakhs on getting the banners printed, the department would now be shelling out another heavy amount on getting the banners removed, thus causing unnecessary wastage of public money which could have been used on other projects for the benefit of the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12012200", "title": "31 new borewells in Patna soon", "text": "PATNA: Urban development minister Prem Kumar said on Thursday in the state assembly that the work on sinking of 31 borings to supply safe drinking water to residents of Patna and Patna City would start in right earnest in the next financial year. The work is also expected to be completed in time, as the agency had already been selected to take up the work.Kumar, who was giving reply to the short-notice question and queries of BJP member of Bankipur in Patna Nitin Navin, also said that the urban development department had earlier asked the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) way back in 2010 to sink the required 31 borings in various parts of Patna to supply safe drinking water to its residents, but the PMC failed to apply itself into even starting the work.Accordingly, the department approached the Bihar State Water Board (BSWB) and assigned the task to sink the borings to it, he said, adding that the BSWB has already floated the tender for it, and has also selected the firm to do the job. \"The work would start soon, and would be completed in time in the next financial year,\" Kumar said, adding that it would solve the drinking water problem faced by the people of Patna.Leader of Opposition Abdul Bari Siddiqui pointed to the persistent agitation, demonstrations and blockade of roads by burning tyres organized in Patna while demanding safe drinking water, maintaining at the same time that it has become a regular feature. He, in the circumstances, sought to know from Kumar the alternative arrangements he has decided to make for the supply of drinking water to Patna residents at which the minister said that tankers would be used to supply drinking water to people in the localities having drinking water scarcity or shortage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011606", "title": "Roadblock slum defies lieutenant governor", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is a stark case of land-grab in the heart of posh south Delhi. Coolie Camp, which is illegally occupied by close to 350 families, is located right in the middle of Nelson Mandela Marg in Vasant Vihar, but Delhi Development Authority (DDA) has failed to end this encroachment of government land despite orders from lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna. In a special meeting of senior DDA officials in February, the LG again directed DDA to immediately clear this encroachment.On November 18, 2009, TOI had highlighted the problem faced by residents of Vasant Kunj and Vasant Vihar due to the camp. In March 2010, the LG directed DDA to end encroachment in the area. But the Authority merely demolished a few commercial establishments. The land owning agency also carried out a survey to identify families in genuine need of rehabilitation. But from 123 families identified during the survey, the number has more than doubled.According to an anganwadi worker, who is collecting details for the caste census, there are 300 families living in this camp now. Sources say these people have houses in more than one slum or camp. \"We have to identify families that will be really affected by the eviction and ensure that the government's policy to rehabilitate poor people is not misused,\" an official told TOI.DDA officials claim the camp is protected under Delhi Laws (Special Provisions) Act which was recently extended until December 2014 by the Union urban development ministry. \"We can't take action in this area as it is protected under the Delhi Laws (Special Provisions) Act. In our 2010 survey, we had identified 123 families that had to be rehabilitated. But we couldn't relocate them as we did not have plots for this purpose,'' said a senior DDA official.But the LG's office has clarified that the camp is not protected under the Act. \"It is a blatant case of encroachment of government land. The LG has directed DDA to immediately take necessary steps to remove the encroachment, but at the same time start the process of rehabilitating families which were identified in the survey. Till the families are rehabilitated, their basic needs should be addressed, but the rest of the area has to be encroachment-free,'' said Ranjan Mujkherjee, OSD to the LG.While government agencies dither, local residents are suffering. Nelson Mandela Marg is an important road connecting Vasant Kunj to the rest of South Delhi. As this camp is located right in the middle of the Marg, the stretch near the camp has become a bottleneck. \"The traffic intersection is always jammed due to the camp's resident hawkers. Motorists park their vehicles on the main road to buy fruit and vegetables from them and cause a jam,'' said Sudhir Kumar, a local resident.The slum has electricity, water supply and cemented lanes, amongst other facilities. \"But the sanitary condition is very bad. We have to bring drinking water from outside the camp. There is one public toilet which is used by all the 1000-plus residents. We have to pay Rs 500 per family to access the toilet,'' said Munna Lal, a local leader.Area MLA Barkha Singh, who got cemented lanes constructed in the camp, said, \"I have got a lot of work done in this camp. We can't throw them out. We have to ensure that they are rehabilitated properly. There is no problem in the area. The government will decide on rehabilitating them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016695", "title": "Usha Uthup's second inning", "text": "It's been quite a few days since the Filmfare Awards took place but it still doesn't seem to have sunk in for Usha Uthup . The powerful singer with the unmistakable voice, who finally received an award for Best Playback for her song Darrling from Saat Khoon Maaf, still gets emotional when you speak to her about it.\"I cry at the drop of a hat if I start talking about it! My grandchildren are threatening to carry a bucket of towels with me everywhere I go, so they can soak up my tears!\" she laughs. She had gotten very emotional receiving the award on stage. \"The scene was so full, so pregnant with excitement, I could have died out of happiness right there!\" she says of her big moment.For Usha, who has received so much mass acclaim wherever she goes, the award has come as a soothing balm. \"I have been working for 42 years. I have my audience, my family with me. It was just that one gesture of appreciation from my fraternity that I craved for,\" she says, adding, \"My greatest award has always been people's love for me. This award was the cherry on top of the cake.\" Usha says she is often called to judge reality shows and there's just one thing she tells newcomers. \"You have to be honest, be original and believe in yourself. Success will come to you at some level. It may not necessarily manifest itself in the shape of awards, but it will in the form of an audience,\" she says.Usha, who was once a regular in Hindi playback with songs like One two cha cha cha (Shalimar), Koi yahan aha nache nache (Disco Dancer), Ramba ho (Armaan), Hari Om Hari (Pyaara Dushman) and Doston se pyar kiya (Shaan), seems to have reduced her film projects. Ask her why and she begs to differ. \"I am doing a lot of songs but somehow, they are not reaching people. For example, I had such a fantastic number Vande Mataram in Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham but it didn't get playtime at all. I did it for Karan Johar. There was a big banner, big actors and my big voice on top of it, yet it went unnoticed. Maybe that's why people feel I haven't been singing for too many Bollywood films,\" she explains. But now, she's already made waves with Darrling, and Maya in Don 2. And with her latest Aami Shotti Bolchi in Kahaani, she truly has proved she's an ageless rockstar! But Usha does admit that this feels like a second coming for her. \"It's a second coming for me in the sense that my music is reaching out to the people again,\" she smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12012197", "title": "Cable cut hits phone service in Patna", "text": "PATNA: At least 300 online phones of the BSNL, Patna telecom district, in the posh Rajvanshinagar locality in Patna were snapped following the use of JCB machine to cut earth during road construction work on Bailey Road near the locality here on Thursday.While digging earth, JCB machine cut along with it the phone cable snapping links to the 300 phones. BSNL official Bina Mishra said that the connection to these phones would be restored in two days. She urged the road construction department to undertake only manual work in road cutting and not use the JCB machine which always cut the phone cable leading to harassment of BSNL subscribers and loss to it.Meanwhile, BSNL will organize total solution camp on Saturday at Kidwaipuri Telephone Exchange here to solve the problems of subscribers from ShriKrishna Nagar, South Mandiri, Budha Colony, Punaichak, Pant Bhawan, Officers' Flat, Nageshwar Colony and South S K Puri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12014096", "title": "Railway panel recommends removal of level crossings", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To reduce train accidents, a high-level safety committee has recommended total elimination of all level crossings (manned and unmanned) within five years. This is one of the few recommendations that have been given by the High Level Safety Review Committee which submitted its report to the Central government on February 17.The committee is headed by former chairman of Atomic Energy Commission, Anil Kakodkar. Others membesr of the committee are N. Vedachalam of Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre, IIT-Kanpur director Prof Sanjay Dhande, Director E&I; Group, Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, GP Srivastava. Former managing director, Delhi Metro, E Sreedharan is the advisor to the committee. The Committee has also recommended to stop production of ICF design coaches and completely switch over to manufacture of LHB design coaches immediately. In addition, the committee has strongly recommended to adopt an advanced signaling system based on continuous track circuiting and cab signaling similar to European train control system Level-II on the entire trunk routes of about 19,000 route kilometres at an estimated cost of Rs 20,000 crore within five years.The report states that \"Casualties in accidents at level crossings is a matter of concern. Level crossings not only contribute to a large chunk of accidents and casualties of road users but are also a drag on train operation limiting line capacity. These also cost dearly to Indian Railways for their operation and maintenance.Advance Warning safety equipments earlier tried at level crossings have failed due to thefts.\" The committee, therefore, has recommended total elimination of all level crossings (manned and unmanned) within 5 years at an estimated cost of Rs. 50,000 crores which will get recovered over 7-8 years due to saving in operation and maintenance costs and improved train operation. The gigantic project will also need setting up of a dedicated and empowered Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) for each Railway zone to accomplish this task within five years.The report also mentions that ICF design of coaches has seen Indian Railways through in the past years till operating speeds were low and formations were short. With the Introduction of long formation of trains running at moderately high speed of 110 to 120 Kmph, use of ICF design coaches is not desirable from safety point of view. The latest design of LHB coaches are far safer and secure to bear the impact loads arising out of accident scenarios. The committee has recommended to stop production of ICF design coaches and completely switch over to manufacture of LHB design coaches immediately.The committee has given several recommendations for improvement in maintenance diagnostic, measurement and maintenance practices for safety related infrastructure such as track, rolling stock, signaling, etc. and commensurate financial implications have also been included in the report.The Committee is seized of the very tight financial conditions of Indian Railways. Some of the recommendations need investment totaling to the tune of Rs 1 lakh crore over five years. The committee has also recommended the funding mechanism by which Rs. 20,000 crores per annum should be raised for implementing. Talking to TOI, chief public relations officer of North Central Railway Sandeep Mathur said: \"The high-level Safety Review Committee has submitted the report examining all the facts and now the Ministry of Railways would make a detailed study of the report.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12012082", "title": "City short of 60 fire stations, 200 firemen", "text": "BANGALORE: The city, which measures 720 sqkm and is home to nearly 10 million people, has all of 13 fire stations and 400 firemen. It is short of 60 fire stations and 200 personnel, according to a 2011 government survey.These shocking facts were revealed at the second anniversary of the Carlton tragedy, which claimed nine lives on February 23, 2010. Swati Ramanathan, of Janaagraha Centre for Citizenship and Democracy, said that 19% of the population live under great risk. \"Statistics show there is only one fire station per 10 sqkm, instead of at least three. This shows the city is short by 60 fire stations. Risky areas like high-rise buildings, slums and other fire-prone areas are at great risk,\" she said.Swati told TOI: \"There should be at least 5-7 fire officers for every 50,000 people. But in Bangalore, even the government, particularly the home department, is visibly negligent on implementing fire safety measures,\" she said.\"Ideally, a fire tender should reach the accident spot within 5-7 minutes of being reported. Do you think this is possible in traffic-heavy cities like Bangalore?\" she asked.Fire department officials said seven more fire stations will be opened at the earliest.BK Hampagol, deputy director, fire department (technical), told TOI the public should adopt safety measures and follow precautions. \"There are more than 20,000 high-rise buildings in the city. Many newly constructed buildings don't follow norms. Other facts, like ancient electrical wiring and badly maintained cooking gas systems cause fire accidents. Till date, 360 accidents have been reported in the city since January 1,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12013326", "title": "Rollercoaster weather takes health for a ride", "text": "The freak fluctuation in city temperatures over the past few days has led to more than just a spike in viral infections. Other than cough, cold and respiratory problems that are characteristic of a flip-flop weather, several Mumbaikars have also been seeking medical advice for loss of appetite, digestion troubles and overall lethargy.City doctors told TOI on Thursday that they have been tending to complaints of low blood pressure, lack of focus and day-long drowsiness as well. They reason that these could be an outcome of metabolic imbalance, as body cells may not be able to cope with the extreme fluctuation of over 15 degrees Celsius in day and night temperatures. Doctors said that any gap in temperatures beyond 15 degrees can affect one's health and coping mechanism.Dr Hemant Thacker, who consults at Jaslok and Breach Candy hospitals, said, \"The temperature clock exposes the internal cellular metabolism to this fluctuation, which then cannot function normally.\" He said that by the time the cell adapts to the high temperature outside, it is already evening and cooler, and the cycle continues. Dr Shahid Barmare, who consults in Kohinoor Hospital, seconded that after extreme heat during the day, the body is unable to adapt to a dip in temperature at night, and then, it's back to hot weather the next day.\"Apart from an increase in respiratory worries, we are also seeing a high number gastrointestinal problems.\" Explaining the phenomenon, Barmare said even food tends to get stale faster in this weather. \"Moreover, because humidity increases during the day (which causes people to sweat more), there are a few cases of dehydration too, especially among children and the elderly.\" Besides, said Thacker, \"special functions\" such as thinking, eating, sleeping and digestion can get affected. \"A person may suffer behavioural dysfunction... Moreover, the cells want water during the day because of the heat. But by night, the cells do not know what to do with the excess water they have collected during the day. Thus, the body passes more urine during the night and preserves water in the day. The kidneys too work overtime.\"Dr Khusrav Bajan, intensivist at Hinduja Hospital, though, remained hopeful that Mumbaikars would weather the erratic temperatures. He said the current conditions are not as extreme and the body's thermal system is good enough to combat the fluctuation.\"More viruses are thriving and thus there are more viral infections -including respiratory infections and conjunctivitis. The body needs good hydration, regardless of the season. Since we feel hungry and eat more in winters, it does become a bit of a problem during the transition period between seasons-as it is now. Sweat glands get constricted at night, so there is no sweat and energy is conserved. That, however, is not the case during the day, which is why one may feel tired or lazy.\"Doctors advised Mumbaikars to minimize exposure to extreme temperatures by not entering an air-conditioned room right after coming from outside heat. Avoid extreme body exertion and eat easily digestible food, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "phulbani (orissa)", "code": "12012719", "title": "31 accused in Kandhamal riots acquitted", "text": "PHULBANI (ORISSA): A fast track court has acquitted 31 persons who had been accused of being involved in communal violence in Orissa's Kandhamal district in August 2008.Additional sessions judge of fast track court-2, B N Mishra while pronouncing judgement in an arson and rioting case, acquitted the 31 accused on Wednesday due to lack of proper evidence.It had been alleged by the prosecution that the accused persons had set fire to houses of people belonging to minority community in village Dakedi under G Udayagiri police station in August 2008 during Kandhamal riots, additional public prosecutor S P Tripathy said. Communally sensitive Kandhamal district had witnessed largescale violence in the aftermath of the killing of VHP leader Laxmanananda Saraswati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12012781", "title": "Consumer groups demand rent rebate from telecom companies", "text": "PUNE: City-based consumer organisations have approached the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) with a demand to give rent rebate to lakhs of telecom customers of the Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) and other mobile service providers who suffered service interruptions for about 15 days in October last year.A letter has been sent jointly by the Sagaj Nagrik Manch, Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat and Parivartan requesting the TRAI to instruct telecom companies to give rent rebate to customers and thereby protect their interests.Vivek Velankar of Sajag Nagrik Manch said, \"Customers were unable to receive and make calls because of the interruption caused due to a dispute between the BSNL and other telecom companies in October last year. The telecom companies are supposed to give a rebate, but they have not taken any steps in this direction in the last three months. So, the TRAI should step in.\"Velankar said the TRAI's role is important because a common man cannot deal with telecom companies individually.Suryakant Pathak of the Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat said that several customers were caught unawares due to sudden interruption.The companies should have settled the issue among themselves, however, they failed in do so. As a result, the customers suffered.\"The telecom companies had said then that they will protect their customers' interests and see to it that customers were not made to face problems because of the dispute. The TRAI needs to take immediate steps,\" said Pathak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011525", "title": "50% B-school graduates land Rs 15-lakh jobs", "text": "MUMBAI: Two students from SP Jain Institute of Management and Research have joined start-up firms at senior positions.Despite fears of a slump, the institute has seen an upbeat placement season this year, with more than 50% of students receiving a package of Rs 15 lakh and more. The average salary of students went up from Rs 14.07 last year to Rs 15.46 lakh this year. The highest package received also went up by Rs one lakh. Nearly 75% of the batch has received salaries of Rs 13 lakh and more. The median salary for the batch of 176 students was Rs 15.25 lakh. Foreign offers were made by Deloitte Malaysia. For the batch of 176 students total number of offers made were as many as 257, stated an official release by the institute. The job offers have been made by domains such as technology, telecom, consulting, digital content and power. Students also managed to get media offers.While last year a couple of students chose to become an entrepreneur, this year only one student chose to opt out of the placements. More than 50% of the students managed to get pre-placement offers as well. Highest numbers of students were hired by marketing firms, around 27%, followed by jobs by consulting firms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12012205", "title": "CR electrification work", "text": "The Rail Vikas Nigam Limited will complete the electrification of the section between Manmad and Shirdi by the end of 2012. A CR spokesperson said the 83 km-stretch will have electricity lines installed at a cost of Rs 215 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12013869", "title": "Indiscriminate felling of trees curbed by green NGO", "text": "COIMBATORE: Seven trees lined up for cutting in front of a roadside temple in Konavaikalpalayam on the outskirts of the city has once again kicked up a storm. Members of Inthinai Pasumai Kappagam, an environmental organisation consisting of city youth, informed the authorities. Soon, the village administration officer arrived at the scene and prevented the trees from being cut. A few trees which were already cut for the temple festival will not be sold by locals. The government will now sell them in a public auction.G Vijayan, former AIADMK councillor, who spoke on behalf of the residents of Konavaikalpalayam said that people were unaware about the rules involving the cutting of trees. His opinion did not sit well with the activists, who said that the temple festival was only a pretext to sell the trees for a profit.The struggle by green activists in the city comes against the backdrop of a similar struggle in the formation of a Tree Protection Committee. K Mohan Raj, secretary, Save Coimbatore Wetlands, who first mooted the idea is happy to see it finally taking shape. \"It is enough if the right people find a place within the panel,\" he told The Times of India.There is ire among activists that many of them were not even consulted in the process of forming the Tree Protection Committee. \"There are so many of us who are genuinely fighting for the cause of protecting trees. But the government officials can see none of us. Repeatedly, Siruthuli and RAAC are being chosen ahead of everyone else to sit on such panels,\" said Karpagam.\"There exists in Coimbatore a situation in which environmental groups selectively protest the cutting of trees. When trees are cut in certain areas by certain groups of people, it is deliberately ignored. Only if people who really worked for the cause are included in the panel can trees be protected,\" M Yoganathan, president, Save Coimbatore Wetlands, said.When contacted, Vanitha Mohan, who heads Siruthuli said she was more than happy to meet anyone to discuss the issue. \"There is very little time and we have submitted a list of five names. I am not on the list. But these five will not be permanent members. More people will be invited to sit on the committee soon. I wasn't aware of the discord among activists,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12013238", "title": "Joydeb Basu passes away", "text": "KOLKATA: Joydeb Basu, later Joydeb Harmad Basu. That is the way he introduced himself to his readers post-Singur and Nandigram. But his diehard CPM stance never burnt bridges with his political opponents who are among his admirers. For he was a poet to the core - restive, indisciplined yet creative. Basu died at his Nagerbazar home on Thursday morning, after suffering a massive heart attack. Joydeb was 50.The poet in Joydeb had started scripting his literary work - Meghdoot - that was applauded by the young and the old including his senior Sunil Gangopadhyay. Bhramankahini, Bhabishyat, Sreshtha Kabita are some his best works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12013764", "title": "No-entry norms relaxed for fruits, veggie traders", "text": "VARANASI: The district administration and police provided relief to the fruit and vegetable wholesalers of Pahadia Mandi by relaxing the no-entry norms for heavy vehicles on Thursday.A few days back, a truck driver trying to enter Pahadia Mandi with fruits on board was allegedly assaulted by the policemen deployed there to extort money.After this incident, the traders of Pahadia Mandi pulled down their shutter and blocked the road, with truck drivers demanding stern action against the guilty policemen. The situation normalised following the intervention of senior police officials.After this incident, the association of Pahadia Mandi traders met the officials of district administration and police to find a permanent solution to the problems being faced by them in taking the trucks laden with fruits and vegetables. In the case of unnecessary delay in unloading at the mandi, they got destroyed, the delegation pointed out.In view of the same demand of traders, ADM City MP Singh and SP City MS Chauhan held a meeting with officials of different departments on Thursday. After the meeting, Singh said trucks carrying fruits and vegetables would be allowed to reach Pahadia Mandi from Ashapur point only between 1 pm and 4 pm. Other heavy vehicles would not be allowed to enter the city area as per the existing norms of no-entry, said Singh.He added if the trucks failed to leave Pahadia Mandi by 4 pm after unloading the goods, the drivers would have to wait till 10 pm when the no-entry was relaxed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12012386", "title": "To protect its corporators, MNS sends new elects on secret tour", "text": "NASHIK: Amidst speculations of lobbying against the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) that won the largest number of seats in the municipal elections on February 16, and fears of corporators being bribed by other political parties to prevent the mayor being elected from MNS, the corporators have been packed away to a secret destination. This was informed by close aides of the new elects and some corporators themselves.The destination has not yet been disclosed, said party workers.The decision has been taken by party bigwigs to shield the newly elected MNS corporators from being coaxed by the opposition partiesthat are trying their best to prevent the next first citizen from being elected from MNS, informed party workers. Keeping all this in mind, party leaders decided to send theMNS corporators to a secret destination for a few days from Thursday onwards.The MNS emerged as the single largest party in the polls, there was speculation that opposition parties would leave no stone unturned in preventing MNS from fielding its mayor.With the mayor's post being declared under the open category, many hopefuls have their eye on it.On the one hand where MNS is determined to elect its mayor with party president Raj Thackeray announcing the same while acknowledging lobbying against the party last Sunday, other parties are determined to fight tooth and nail to prevent it.Sources reveal that it is the political party that can spend the most to field a candidate for the post of mayor which gets its way, irrespective of which party has won the maximum seats. The source went on to add that there were chances of opposition parties trying to bribe the newly elected corporators or the prospective candidates for mayor's post so that the opposition can field their candidate.A senior MNS corporator, when contacted, said, \"All the 40 of us are going to an unknown destination for a few days from Thursday onwards, as per the orders of the party high command. This is to avoid the opposition to coax our elected representatives to do something against the interest of the party.\"This is the second time in the history of the city since it got a municipal corporation in 1995 that the mayor's post has been declared under the open category. The first time that the mayor was elected from the open category was in 2002-2003 when Dasharath Patil was elected the mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011666", "title": "Common engineering exam inches closer to reality", "text": "NAGPUR: The proposed common engineering test for the entire country inched closer to fruition with a meeting held between the HRD ministry and state education ministers on Wednesday in the capital. Majority of the states, including Maharashtra, have agreed 'in principle' to use the test scores from next year.To be administered by the CBSE, the Indian Science and Engineering Eligibility Test (ISEET) will be applicable to all centrally funded engineering institutes which includes the premier IITs and NITs. These institutes, along with those of the states, will use ISEET scores which will be held in either April or May next year. There are concerns, however, over the quality of examination since the elite IIT exam will be merged with AIEEE and will also be a gateway to many state level colleges.Nisha Kothari, who owns a coaching centre in Nagpur, said, \"Quality of the exam will surely go down due to the proposed ISEET, as the focus shifts on quantity of students. Teaching quality will also take a hit as any entrepreneur in the market will think of starting a coaching centre and students will suffer. The government is thinking of including Std XII marks in the overall weightage, but there are very few good teachers in junior colleges now.\" For admissions, all institutes will be considering Std XII marks along with those of the ISEET.Another institute head Abhishek Bansal said, \"My concern is the equivalency of the Std XII exams in the country. Every state has a different syllabus and probably a different standard of education. There has to be a standardization of curriculum across the country first and then this exam would be fair. Overall I am all for the ISEET as it is a good idea.\" Rajnikant Bondre, an IIT coaching institute owner, said, \"Quality will not be affected too much and at the same time I feel the ISEET will give a chance to everyone.\"A high-ranking official with the state education department said that quality of the exam will be retained through paper division. There will be two papers, Main and Advance, which will test separate skills. \"The Main exam will test the thinking capability of the student while the Advance paper will be set and assessed by the IIT staff. So the level of toughness will be maintained in the new system as well,\" the official said.While giving admissions under the new scheme, the marks weightage criteria is likely to be different for every institute. \"The IITs may give 50% weightage to the Advance paper and divide the other 50% between Std XII and Main paper marks. State colleges however could give 40% weightage to Std XII marks, 40% to Main and remaining to Advance. The final distribution will be decided later on by the stakeholders concerned,\" the official added.It is expected that a formal declaration of the exam with final details will be made by May this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12010841", "title": "Light up and pay up, 2 months from now", "text": "BHOPAL: If you are smoking on a road side or in public places, be ready to pay Rs 200, if you are caught. The District Administration will impose this spot fine soon.\"According to Tobacco Control Act 2008, the Supreme Court had banned smoking in public places and at the road side,\" collector Nikunj Shrivastav said. \"Even though we had failed to implement this in Bhopal all this long, we will impose a spot fine of Rs 200 on smokers in the district in two months from now,\" he said at a meeting on Thursday.The administration will take all measures to discourage smoking at public places in the city, the collector said, adding, \"We will educate the people on the pros and cons of smoking,\" the collector said.The responsibilities for collecting fines will be divided as per departments. School principals will be eligible to collect fines from the people found smoking near or on the school premises. Office heads are eligible for charging fine from officials smoking in and around the office premises.The administration also banned sale of tobacco products within 100 meters around schools.The Bhopal Municipal Corporation and police will be responsible for collecting fines from the people found smoking at public places. The administration will also issue orders to hotels to have special smoking zones.The administration is also organizing cancer camps to treat patients suffering from cancer or other fatal diseases due to smoking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12012602", "title": "Kerala needs comprehensive plan for epilepsy, says Moshe", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala needs a clear-cut policy on the treatment and management of epilepsy as in the West because this disease has many facets and causes social stigma and discrimination, Dr Solomon L Moshe, president of the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE), said here on Thursday.Dr Moshe pointed out that access to care is the most important factor as far as epilepsy management is concerned. And people need to be aware of the treatment facilities available to control this problem, which affects one percent of the population.\"If there is a comprehensive policy, there would be a clear picture on the diagnosis of the problem, its treatment, how long a medication should be continued, the co-morbidities, and who needs surgery when,\" says Dr Moshe, who is an expert neurologist.In Kerala, the surgery would cost Rs 70,000 to Rs 1.5 crore, which is much lesser than that in the West. \"It is a small amount to be paid for improving the quality of one's life.\"Dr Moshe has been associated with the epilepsy treatment at centres in Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences in Kochi and Sree Chithira Thirunal Institute for Medical Sciences and Technology in Thiruvananthapuram.The government can do a lot in helping patients as many are unable to continue the treatment, he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011231", "title": "Central rule in UP after polls? Jaiswal says so", "text": "NEW DELHI: What was debated in hushed tones in Congress circles here and in Lucknow was made public by Congress leader Sriprakash Jaiswal in Kanpur on Thursday. He told reporters that Uttar Pradesh was heading for President's rule as a hung assembly was on the cards. It brought out howls of protest from the BJP. The Congress, too, sought to play down Jaiswal's poll prediction, but the buzz refused to die down.The BJP complained against Jaiswal's remarks to UP chief electoral officer Umesh Sinha, saying it was a violation of the model code of conduct. Sinha forwarded the complaint to the Election Commission in Delhi. The EC has sought video footage of Jaiswal's comments.It's true that a section of the Congress leadership has been toying with the idea. Their argument is as follows: If neither the Samajwadi Party nor BSP get a majority, it is better for Congress to have central rule in UP than support SP.By sending a set of smart officers to the state, pumping in money and creating a loud buzz of development, the party would gain in the state and do better in the Lok Sabha polls, goes the argumentAn additional layering to the argument is that Rahul Gandhi, having ventured so far with his vision of a politics that is not tainted by caste or community, can hardly afford to hoist Mulayam Singh Yadav to his fourth chief ministerial term without a dent in his image.Of course, like every theory this too is rather pat. At present, SP seems to have nosed ahead and in case it gains velocity, it might exceed its 2002 tally of 142 seats by 30-35 seats. In that case, SP might be able to stitch up the support of independents and reach either the majority mark or be very close to it. For the Congress to impose central rule would then seem denial of its legitimate due to SP, and invite a backlash against it.However, in case SP is short of 170 seats, Congress might be tempted to rule UP by remote, even though politically this might not look kosher. Already, Congress leaders have said the party won't support SP in any event. The man in charge of the party campaign in UP, Digvijaya Singh, told TOI on Sunday that Congress wouldn't have any truck with SP.This could well be poll rhetoric in the middle of an election. But in case the SP tally actually stops at 155-160 seats, Congress could hold good its 'word' and opt for President's rule. Such a decision would, of course, depend on how prepared it is to live with uncertainty at the Centre. For, SP is then likely to withdraw its support, and the UPA government would be fully at Mamata Banerjee's mercy.No one, other than Congress, wishes central rule in UP. So, there could be an effort to foil Congress's bid from the other side, by BSP and SP. In case, BSP doesn't do very badly, if it comes down from 207 seats to, say, around 140 seats, and BJP is able to win 60-odd seats, theoretically they can form a government.But BJP has burnt its fingers in the past by teaming up with BSP and is determined to have no truck with Mayawati. Like Congress, it has also run its campaign on an anti-Mayawati plank and support to her is likely to annoy what remains of its base among the upper castes and non-dominant OBCs. Even so, the prospect of a Congress rule in UP by remote control could trigger a rethink in the BJP leadership. It could explore the possibility to guarantees from Mayawati for conditional support to her.UP is no stranger to President's rule, but its imposition this time may not necessarily be a permanent state of affairs. Previously, a hung assembly has led SP to manage mass defections from BSP. BSP still remains vulnerable to poaching if it does not form a government.The last two phases of polling are crucial for SP to consolidate its position but it is hampered by low numbers of Yadavs in western UP, while BSP has a strong Dalit base to count on. Can the backing of Muslims power Mulayam past this handicap? The answer to this question could also be the answer to who will rule UP-governor B L Joshi or the SP chief.Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "sheikhpur gorha (jalaun)", "code": "12015035", "title": "UP assembly election: Upper caste Thakurs dominate poll fray in Phoolan land", "text": "Sheikhpur Gorha (Jalaun): For an outsider, it could just be another non-descript village with tell-tale signs of deprivation and desperation in the badlands of Uttar Pradesh riven by caste divides.The nearest hospital and high school are ten kilometres away and there is anger in the village, which falls in Kalpi assembly constituency, against SP and BSP as identity politics has let the area wallow in poverty.However, remember slain bandit-turned-politician Phoolan Devi, who was born and brought up here, and you find out how her larger-than-life image hangs over the village, dominated by members of downtrodden Nishad (boatmen) and Pal (shepherd) castes, and her appeal remains intact as a unifying image even more than a decade after her assassination in faraway Delhi.Ironically, all the candidates put up by major political parties Congress, SP, BSP and BJP for the ongoing assembly polls in Kalpi constituency belong to upper caste Thakur --Umakanti Chauhan, Sanjay Singh Bhaudaria, Vishnpal Singh and Swatantra Dev Singh.It was in this village falling under Kalpi that Phoolan had allegedly killed 22 upper caste Thakurs in March, 1981 that came to be known as the infamous Behmai massacre , in an apparent retaliation to her gang-rape.Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12011451", "title": "\u2018Cracker\u2019 blast sets off panic reaction", "text": "HYDERABAD: An explosion in a residential area in Miyapur on Thursday afternoon created panic as residents rushed out of their houses to check the cause of the deafening sound. Initially, it was suspected that a detonator may have exploded, but police later said that crackers dumped in a bin located on an open plot was the cause of the blast.At around 12 noon, a huge blast was heard within a radius of one kilometre at Video colony in Miyapur. The impact was such that windowpanes of houses situated close to the bin were shattered. The compound wall of an abutting house also developed cracks. Residents of Video colony have been using the open land as a dumpyard.\"The explosives (crackers) dumped in the bin exploded after municipal workers set the garbage on fire. Nobody was hurt in the incident,\" Miyapur inspector S Bheem Reddy said.Police rushed to the spot fearing that it might be the handiwork of miscreants. Forensic experts, who came to the location, collected samples.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12011841", "title": "Sreekumar: Blind loyalty a reason for '02 carnage", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former additional director general of police R B Sreekumar spoke about the lacunas existing in the Indian bureaucracy at an event 'A decade on 2002 carnage' at Narmad Meghani Library in the city on Thursday.Sreekumar shared his experiences of his days in service. He described how there is a lapse in the Indian bureaucracy and blind loyalty by bureaucrats and junior officers towards ministers.Sreekumar said that there were able administrations in some districts like Surat where riots had taken place earlier. However, because of proper policing and administration in Surat there was no trouble when riots had broken out in several parts of Gujarat in 2002. However, in places like Ahmedabad and Godhra, police did not act effectively and could not control the riots.He also said that officers, while joining their services, had taken oath to the Indian constitution and therefore they should be loyal to the constitution and not to the ministers or any other authorities. Sreekumar expressed his surprise over police officers not coming forward to submit affidavits of what actually happened during the 2002 carnage and what was the situation that existed at that time.Recently, Sreekumar filed his ninth affidavit before the Nanavati Commission which is probing the 2002 riots in which he alleged that Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , the then DGP, minister of state for home and others were culpable and liable to be prosecuted under section 166 of the Indian Penal Code. Section 166 is applicable for an offence by a public servant in disobeying the law with intent to cause injury to any person.In his affidavit, Sreekumar, who was ADGP (Intelligence) in 2002 further asked the Commission to take necessary action with regard to his new affidavit. \"Manipulation of the criminal justice system as delineated by my reports to the government was intimated to the chief minister. Home department officials and DGP were also aware of this despicable ground situation. Still no remedial action suggested in my report dated April 24, 2002 was taken,\" Sreekumar said in his affidavit.\"Government did not question information in my reports and my supervisory officers also did not ask me to furnish any clarification or explanation on the inputs in my reports. This had established that the government had accepted my intelligence assessment reports,\" Sreekumar said.\"The above facts categorically establish that DGP, home department officials, MOS Home and chief minister were culpable for offences under section 166 IPC,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "greater noida (dankaur)", "code": "12011958", "title": "Akhilesh promises to fight corruption", "text": "GREATER NOIDA (DANKAUR): Akhilesh Yadav did not ride a cycle on his latest visit to the Gautam Budh Nagar. However, he was quick to point out that his mode of transportation may have changed to a helicopter, but the issues remained the same. \"I had previously come to the district on a cycle to protest against Mayawati's corruption but my determination to fight it hasn't changed,\" Akhilesh said while referring to his 'cycle yatra' from Noida to Agra in 2011 in protest against Mayawati's excessive spending.While speaking about development and the corruption of the Mayawati government, the SP leader said he promised the farmers who had lost their land to 'forced' land acquisition in the area justice and development, adding that he was one of them. \"The land of Uttar Pradesh gave birth to me and I understand the pain of the farmers. Once land is gone, it is lost forever. There are farmers whose cases are pending in courts and with this government in power they will never get justice. If you vote SP to power, there will be no forceful land acquisition and farmers will get six times the circle rate as compensation if the land is acquired for development,\" promised Yadav.Addressing a huge rally in Jaypee Sports City in Greater Noida, Akhilesh accused the BSP government of cheating the farmers and those living in rural areas while minting money in the name of development. \"Mayawati promised an airport in the district, but where is it? The villages still have the same problems and the government has been behaving like a property dealing agency,\" said the SP 'yuvraj'.Akhilesh, who openly admitted that he wants to attract votes on the lines of development and not merely caste equations, was quick to point out the unemployment issue. \"Once we come back to power, we hope to bring back the big industrialists to help the state's economy grow and create more jobs for everyone. There are many projects that have been stalled as a result of bad governance,\" he said, citing the Dadri power plant as an example.SP's list of promises weren't limited to the farmers, but also to the policemen who had come as a part of the security task force. \"The issues of the police in the district will also be addressed once we come to power,\" he said.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12012179", "title": "Patna University polls: Three teachers withdraw from contest", "text": "PATNA: Campaigning for election to Patna University (PU) Syndicate gained momentum on Thursday following the withdrawal of nomination by three teacher contestants. Election for four seats of teachers and four of non-teaching staff is scheduled for Saturday at the annual meeting of the Senate.Teachers who withdrew from the contest include Padmalata Thakur of the history department, N P Tiwari of the philosophy department and D P Kamal of the ancient Indian history and archaeology department. Now there is straight contest on three seats, while for the fourth seat, there is a triangular contest.While PU history department teacher and sitting Syndicate member Amar Nath Singh is locked against Daisy Narain of the same department under general category meant for professors and readers; Patna College sociology teacher and Patna University Teachers' Association general secretary Randhir Kumar Singh is pitted against B N College history teacher and PU students' welfare dean P K Poddar under OBC category meant for professors and readers.For one general seat meant for lecturers, Sunita Ray of personnel management and industrial relations department and Pushpanjali Khare of Magadh Mahila College are locked in a straight contest. However, for one seat under SC/ST category for lecturers there are three contestants, namely, Dilip Ram and Abhay Prakash of B N College and Veena Prasad of Patna Training College.For election of four members of the PU Syndicate from among the non-teaching members, Mahabir Das has been elected uncontested under SC/ST category. Three members, namely, Sudhakar Singh, Nitish Kumar Tantan and Pappu Verma are contesting for two seats under general category. For one seat under OBC category, Abdul Qayum Ansari is fighting against Jai Narain Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12012064", "title": "Guitar recital on IIT campus today", "text": "PATNA: Spic-Macay, Patna Chapter, will hold a classical guitar recital by Kamla Shankar, a renowned exponent of 'Imdad Khani Gharana', at IIT campus here on Friday.Shankar is the first woman to be awarded a doctorate in guitar. She has an exceptional ability to play the 'Gayaki Ang' style on her 'Shankar guitar'. She has been getting music lessons from her mother right from her childhood. She has also received training from \"khayal\" singer Pandit Channulal Mishra and sitar maestro Bimalendu Mukherjee. Spic-Macay state coordinator Vivek Sinhasaid: \"Under our ongoing FEST-2012, we have organized around 100 programmes in various government and private educational institutions of the state in the last two months.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011036", "title": "2 Metro stations get equipment to handle cardiac arrests", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro installed advanced medical equipment at two stations to provide emergency treatment if a passenger suffers a cardiac arrest. The instruments - Automated External Defibrillators (AEDs) - were installed at Central Secretariat and Kashmere Gate Metro stations., . Both the Central Secretariat and Kashmere Gate stations are one of the busiest in the Delhi Metro network.\"These reliable and accessible AEDs will be of great use at a time of medical emergency, specially at crowded stations. In a cardiac arrest, brain damage or death can occur in four to six minutes in the absence of cardiopulmonary resuscitation,\" a Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) spokesman said. DMRC staff will be trained to use the equipment.The most effective emergency treatment for sudden cardiac arrest is to resuscitate a victim's heart until proper medical help arrives. These AEDs send an electric shock to the heart and allow it to return to a normal rhythm. AEDs can be used even by non-medical personnel. After the AEDs are installed, core staffers of DMRC will be trained to use the equipment. This is the first time that AEDs are being installed in Metro premises. They were presented to DMRC by Opto Circuits (India) Limited.\"At least one incident of medical emergency in a month is witnessed in Metro premises. The facility will soon be extended to other stations,\" added the DMRC spokesperson. All six stations on the Delhi Airport Metro Express line are already equipped with the instruments.As per medical experts, an estimated 40 million Indians suffer from at least one cardiovascular disease or disorder, making them susceptible to sudden cardiac arrest (SCA). With the installation of Powerheart AEDs, Delhi Metro has now joined the league of several high traffic mass-transit environments like those available in developed countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12017222", "title": "SC quizzes Modi govt on police encounters' committee chief appointment", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday questioned and rejected the Gujarat government's unilateral decision to appoint a new chairperson of the committee to monitor investigations into 22 police encounters in the state between 2002-2006.After justice M B Shah, a retired SC judge, expressed inability to take up the job, the Narendra Modi government had appointed former Bombay HC chief justice K R Vyas as the monitoring committee chief.The apex court bench headed by Justice Aftab Alam questioned the Gujarat government on making appointment without informing the court.It said that its reservation on the appointment of Justice Vyas as the head of the monitoring authority was in no way an aspersion on his credentials.A PIL by B G Verghese, Javed Akhtar and others had termed the police encounters as extra-judicial killings and had sought court monitored investigation into the encounter killings.The court then asked both the Gujarat government and petitioner B G Verghese along with lyricist writer Javed Akthar to suggest the name to head the authority.As counsel Prashant Bhushan appearing for Javed Akthar suggested the name of former apex court judge, Justice B. Sudarshan Reddy, Gujarat government senior counsel Ranjit Kumar said he needed to take instructions from the state government.Finding no consensus on the choice of the judge between the state government and the petitioners, the court adjourned the hearing till Monday.(With inputs from IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011480", "title": "E-data card racket busted, executives held", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch on Thursday busted an internet data card racket with the arrest of two senior marketing executives of MTS, internet data card a service provider, who forged documents to boost sale.The accused are Manthresh Thakur and (38) an area manager Gopal Tripathi (37) is senior sales manager working with the MTS office in Mumbai. Both have been charged with cheating, breach of trust and forgery and relevant sections of the Information Technology Act and have been remanded in police custody.The central intelligence unit led by Sashank Sanbhor and Dilip Deshmukh arrested the two employees on Thursday. Police recovered documents and photographs of applicants that the accused used to procure the internet data cards.According to the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India guidelines, (TRAI) an individual applying for SIM and internet data cards have to provide details of their identity and address proof in the customer application form (CAF) before activation of the devices.\"The accused procured genuine application forms from the office and pasted different photographs on them. Then, they submitted the forged documents and got the data cards activated and sold them to individuals,\" said Himanshu Roy , joint commissioner of police (crime).\"The accused wanted to increase their commission from sales. However, they did not realize that it posed a threat to national security. Terrorists, particularly the members of Indian Mujaheedin module,have procured SIM and data cards in this fashion,\" he added. Security agencies end up with detaining innocent persons (in whose the cards have been issued) who does not even possess such cards.Last month, the anti-terrorism squad nabbed a sales MTNL agent, for supplying SIM cards to two terrorists who used those cards to plant bombs in 13/7 triple blasts in Mumbai'' said Deven Bharti additional commissioner of police.In past three months the crime branch and the local police have arrested three separate gangs involving few employees of service providers who were into this forged documents sim cards scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12013546", "title": "University body sends back perspective plan", "text": "MUMBAI: The management council of the University of Mumbai on Thursday referred the perspective plan back to the Board of Colleges and University Development (BCUD) stating \"real situation has not been reflected\".The council has asked the BCUD to present it again with better inputs. The council also passed the university's budget for the forthcoming academic session, which will now come up in the senate meeting.\"The budget is more activity based this year,\" said a council member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12012714", "title": "Arms seized from car", "text": "GUWAHATI: Police on Thursday seized a huge cache of arms and ammunition from a car after it was damaged in an accident at Bor Tezpur in Kamrup district. The vehicle was travelling towards Guwahati from Goalpara when it hit a van at 5 am in the accident-prone area on National Highway 37.\"We have recovered a .9mm pistol, a 7.65 pistol and 13 rounds of live ammunition from the car, which was damaged in the accident. The driver of the van with which the car collided incurred minor injuries. As of now, police are conducting a search operation in the area to ascertain the identity of people who were carrying these arms and ammunition in the car,\" said Kamrup SP Partha Sarathi Mahanta.A cover of an AK 47 rifle was also found in the car. A police officer added that the arms recovered by police were carried to Guwahati. \"The anti-talks factions of Ulfa and NDFB are still active in Goalpara and some other districts in lower Assam. Carrying of arms might be meant for carrying out extortion or kidnapping,\" said an officer.A local resident, who rushed to the spot after the accident, said no one was there in the car. \"An eyewitness told us that two people were travelling in the car when the accident took place. One of the travellers was bleeding. But he managed to flee as many people were not awake ,\" said an eyewitness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12011501", "title": "Emaar case: Srikant Joshi\u2019s bail petition hearing on February 29", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI court on Thursday posted the anticipatory bail plea filed by Srikant Joshi, an accused in the Emaar case, to February 29 for further hearing.When the counsel for Joshi sought a court direction against arresting his client in the meanwhile, the CBI counsel responded positively and assured that it would not make any such move.Joshi was CEO of Emaar-MGF and named an accused in the scam. While CBI accused Joshi of evading the probe, the latter alleged that the agency was harassing him and his family even after filing of chargesheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12015852", "title": "Salman Khan sets a Rs 50cr record by selling satellite rights for Dabangg sequel", "text": "MUMBAI: If you have been wondering whatever happened to Chulbul Pandey, news is that the Dabangg star - Salman Khan - will be back this Christmas in a sequel of the 2010 hit. And even before Khan begins shooting for Dabangg2 next week in Mumbai, the satellite rights for the movie have been snapped up by Star Network for a record Rs 48-50 crore for 11 years, according to a trade source closely associated with the deal. Also sold are the music rights, which have been acquired by T-Series for over Rs 10 crore, said the same source.Though Hemal Jhaveri, senior vice-president at Star Gold confirmed the deal, he refused to share the details of the deal or the price. Jhaveri is responsible for acquiring the satellite rights for Star's Hindi network, which includes Star Plus, Star Gold and Life OK.Just like his box office record, Khan's satellite ratings have been trailblazing. Bodyguard, another of Khan's blockbusters, registered a record television rating points (TRP) of 10.3 when it was aired on Star Gold in December 2011. The channel expects nothing less, if not more, says Jhaveri, from Dabangg2.TRP, given in percentages, is a measure of what percentage of people in a defined time band and a defined profile watched a particular programme, a number which is keenly followed by the advertising industry and ads allocated accordingly to the one garnering the higher numbers.A film is considered a success on TV if it can manage to garner an average 2.5 TRP through the year, apart from the high number it garners on premieres. For example, the ICC Cricket World Cup final between India and Sri Lanka last year garnered a TRP of 21 (on three channels - Star Sports , Star Cricket and Doordarshan).Over the past few years, satellite prices have been playing a key role in bank-rolling films with at least a third of the movie's cost of production coming from selling these rights prior to even beginning production.A Win-Win Situation for ChannelIt is also a win-win scenario for the channel, which generates both eyeballs and revenues by exclusively broadcasting a successful movie over a number of years. Competition among TV companies wanting to acquire the rights of hit movies has, as a result, led to an increase in the acquisition price of many recent big films.Hrithik Roshan's Krissh3 and the Shah Rukh Khan-starrer Don2 was said to have been sold to Sony for Rs 37 crore each, while Aamir Khan's Talaash and Karan Johar's Agneepath went for Rs 40 crore.Channels usually spend an average of Rs 200-300 crore a year to acquire film titles for their library. \"Increase in satellite prices for big-ticket films has a direct linkage to maximising gross rating points (GRPs), for the channels,\" says Rakesh Jariwala, film segment leader, Ernst &amp; Young.Movies contribute as high as 30% to a channel's GRPs. The channels also generate revenue from syndication and overseas subscriptions for the films they buy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "12013332", "title": "Tumkur seer spikes one crore linga plan", "text": "TUMKUR: In a minor victory to the beleaguered former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa, Tumkur's Siddaganga mutt seer Shivakumar Swamiji on Thursday decided against going ahead with the Rs 12-crore project to instal Kotilingas (one crore lingas).The state government had offered to fund Rs 4 crore. The foundation stone laying ceremony for the project held on February 20 here had sparked off a controversy. While chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda laid the foundation stone, no MLA identified with the Yeddyurappa camp was included in the panel to oversee the project.Yeddyurappa is close to the 103-year-old Siddaganga seer, who, along with several Lingayat mutt pontiffs, had even come to see him when he had been imprisoned in Bangalore.\"The mutt does not see the necessity to estabish kotilingas. I will not give permission for this,'' Shivakumara Swamiji told reporters here on Thursday.He also said the panel had met him to seek place to hold the function, but the members did not explain tohim for what purpose the event was being held. \"They invited me for the function and took me there and I attended it. That's all,'' the seer claimed.After the foundation stone laying ceremony, Yeddyurappa is believed to have written to the swamiji, conveying his displeasure over he and his followers being ignored in the matter.Housing minister V Somanna and Tumkur Rural MLA Suresh Gowda reportedly convinced the seer that the panel composition was an effort to split the Lingayat community.Reacting to the swamiji's decision, state BJP president KS Eshwarappa said: \"I am not aware of it. I have lot of respect and devotion for swamiji.''The panel was headed by Eshwarappa, while ministers Balachandra L Jarkiholi and SA Ramdas included in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "12012358", "title": "Commissioner okays media\u2019s entry at matric exam centres in Bihar's Nawada", "text": "NAWADA: Magadh Commisioner Vivek Kumar Singh overturned the Nawada administration's order of prohibiting mediapersons from entering matriculation examination centres to gather news.When TOI on Thursday sought the commissioner's version on the unwritten gag imposed on mediapersons by the Nawada administration from entering examination centres, he said that the ban was uncalled for and he had telephonically directed the ADM not to obstruct mediapersons from entering examination centers.On Wednesday, Nawada ADM Mahipal Singh, currently DM-in-charge, had objected to mediapersons' presence at S N Sinha College and had asked mediapersons to vacate the premises. When TOI asked the ADM to furnish a written copy of the gag order, the ADM said that the order was with the civil SDO, Dewan Zafar Hussain Khan. But, the SDO asked to contact the ADM.Meanwhile, the brother-in-law (saala) of Bharat Bhushan, a senior Nawada executive magistrate, who was deputed as a peon at Project Girls' High School centre in Nawada town, fled from the centre when mediapersons, on Thursday, asked Bhushan the basis of appointing his brother-in-law. Admitting that the peon was his relative, he asked his 'saala' to quit the centre immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12012734", "title": "Pension plan for unorganised sector labourers", "text": "PUNE: A national pension adalat seeking pension and social security for the 44 crore unorganised labourers in the country, will be hosted in the city on February 25. Organisations working for the unorganised sectors will submit a list of their demands during the adalat.Social activist and founder of the Hamal Panchayat, Baba Adhav, is instrumental in organising the national pension adalat on 'Social Security and Pension Scheme for unorganised sector'.Speaking to TOI, Adhav said, \"The unorganised sector contributes 62 paise in the every rupee generated in the country, while the rest comes from organised sector and the business community. Despite this, the government has no schemes for providing assistance to the unorganised.\"Adhav said the pension scheme can be addressed in two stages. \"Those who are already old and cannot do any laborious work should be immediately made part of the pension scheme and provide financial assistance at regular intervals. The government can form a contributory scheme for others, who are still working. These people can contribute a part of their earnings and the rest will be borne by the government. It will be like the provident fund for employees in the organised sectors,\" Adhav said.If schemes like permanent account number (PAN) card can be launched successfully across the country, similar scheme can be launched for the unorganised labourers. Once they get a permanent identification number, they will be able to get benefit of the pension and social security schemes even if they migrate in search for work, he added.Nitin Pawar, convener of Angamehanati Kashtakari Sangharsh Samiti, said, \"The Union government has introduced National Insurance Scheme for people living below poverty line, who are part of unorganised sector. But, others like domestic help, waste-pickers, traditional workers like barber or ironsmiths are not covered, which is unfortunate.\"There are different types of problems when it comes to implementation, he pointed out. \"The Union government has formed a welfare board for unorganised sector and it was expected that states would form similar boards at state level, but some states have not done so. The Union government has said that it can not launch any scheme for the unorganised because some states have still not formed the welfare boards. In some states welfare boards that have been set up have become defunct and maintaining them is a sheer loss of public money. But nobody cares about it,\" Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12013087", "title": "Girl death case: Police paint stories to cover laxity", "text": "LUCKNOW: Altering the crime scene, by painting a murder case to be that of a suicide, policemen are stooping to any level in the state capital these days. However, what is intriguing is the alleged laxity shown at least in one of the cases by an additional SP and deputy SP-level officers.The case pertains to the murder of Asha Kashyap, an 18-year-old girl. The incident came to light on Tuesday evening, when the body of the girl was found from a pool in the house of an interior designer Rajeev K Dutt residing adjacent to Don Bosco Institute under Mohanlalganj police station area. Asha had been working at the house of Dutts for the past two years. She was introduced at the house of Dutts by her brother-in-law Jeevan Kashyap, who had been working with them for the past 18 years or so.Though local police reached Dutt's house at around 7.00 pm on Tuesday evening after receiving the information, neither the circle officer Tribhuwan Nath Tripathi nor SP (rural) Sri Krishna reached the spot of the crime. \"The cue taken,\" sources said, was the review meeting convened by DIG DK Thakur at the Mohanlalganj police station on the same day. However, the meeting started at 10.00 pm, while the crime information reached the police by around 6.30 pm.When DIG reached the spot of the crime on Wednesday, Dutt told DIG about the missing complaint pertaining to Asha, which he claimed was 'lodged' at Mohanlalganj police station on Monday evening itself.When DIG asked the concerned police officials, SHO, Mohanlalganj GP Chaudhary, circle officer Tripathi and SP (rural) Sri Krishna, all feigned ignorance. After DIG's directive to verify about the complaint, Dutt's claim was found true.Sources said that if the police had initiated some action on the complaint given by Dutt for the missing of the girl, she could have been saved.Earlier on Tuesday, the circle officer claimed before TOI that the girl's body was found in a crater in an open field. When TOI cross-checked with SP (rural), he said that the body was found in Don Bosco Institute premises swimming pool. As if this was not enough, SHO Mohanlalganj's mobile phone was switched off.Strangely, claims of both the officers were found false, as the body of Asha was fished out from the pool inside the house of Dutt.On Wednesday evening, SHO Mohanlalganj continuously maintained that Asha drowned even though the autopsy report confirmed that Asha died of smothering.Finally, on Thursday, Mohanlalganj police lodged an FIR of murder against unidentified miscreants on the complaint of Asha's father Holi, a native of Bahraich. The DIG said that the matter is being probed. Sources said that role of an insider is being investigated, as the body was found inside the house of Dutt, who also have pet dogs to guard entry of outsiders.Interestingly, this was not the only case, where laxity by cops has come to light. In another case which took place in Malihabad, body of an unidentified girl was found hanging from a tree at a Babool's jungle in Malihabad area.Following the recovery of the body, SHO Malihabad BR Premi had claimed that it was a clear case of suicide. However, the post-mortem report of the woman confirmed that the girl was smothered to death.It was after this that the case of murder was finally lodged on Wednesday. \"However, the identity of the woman could not be ascertained as of now,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12013237", "title": "Hindustani vocalist, activist dies", "text": "BANGALORE: Lalita Shivaram Ubhayaker, the first Hindustani classical female vocalist to perform in Germany, Denmark, Switzerland , Sweden and Italy, died at her Palace Road residence on Thursday. She was 84. Lalita spent her life as a patron of the arts, and was a social activist and philanthropist.As a recipient of University Women's Association Karnataka Award for 'Outstanding woman of the year for music', Lalita set Kannada poetry to music. She was multi-faceted: in 1950, she was corporator of then Bangalore Municipal Corporation for three years; she was founder-member and patron of Karnataka State Council for Child Welfare; she founded Crafts Council of Karnataka and was president for almost 15 years; she was vice-president of Crafts Council of India for two years; she was director of Karnataka Handicrafts Corporation for over 10 years.Lalita set up Ashvasan in 1993, a home for senior citizens and destitutes, and built Smriti Nandan Cultural Centre to fulfill her drive to bring the music and culture to Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12011217", "title": "Kashmiris demand implementation of Parliament resolution", "text": "INDORE: Three organisations of displaced Kashmiris on Thursday demanded that the resolution passed by Parliament 18 years ago declaring the state to be an integral part of the country \"be implemented\".A joint delegation of Displaced-Kashmiri Organisation, Displaced Kashmiri-Punjabi Organisation, and Displaced Kashmiri-Khati Organisation led by Virendra Kaul, Jaswandir Singh Naati and Sardar Pahalwan submitted a memorandum to the Divisional Commissioner of Indore, to be forwarded to the President.\"Parliament's resolution has declared that the state of Jammu and Kashmir has been, is and shall be an integral part of India, and any attempt to separate it from the rest of the country will be resisted by all necessary means,\" the organisations stated in a release issued here. The government machinery had been apathetic to the plight of Kashmiri Hindus, they alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12013866", "title": "Mega commercial complex near Freedom Fighters Park in limbo", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore City Corporation's proposed swimming pool and commercial complex with multi-level car parking facility near Freedom Fighters Park on Narayan Shastry Road seems to be a distant dream.MCC acquired the leased property in December 2009 and proposed to construct hi-tech swimming pool and commercial complex along with parking facility for two-wheelers and four-wheelers at a cost of Rs 11crore. But even after two years, the project is yet to be started. Earlier, the property housed the Bahusar swimming pool, which was a landmark in the city for over five decades. It was demolished after MCC took over. Mayor Pushpalatha Chikkanna told TOI that she would look into the project and take necessary steps at the earliest.Meanwhile, MCC commissioner KS Raykar said the project has been taken up under CM's Grant of Rs 100crore to the city. A detailed project report will be submitted to the government soon. The commissioner said, \"The work will be taken up in a phased manner. First, they will be constructing a swimming pool of international standard, then a commercial complex and multilevel car parking work will be done.\" The estimated cost for the pool is Rs 4crore while the commercial complex with multilevel car parking will cost another Rs 7crore. \"Though we have many swimming pools in hotels, schools and colleges, only the pool in University of Mysore is open to public. Hence, the proposed pool will be great news for swimmers,\" Raykar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011602", "title": "Two arrested for extortion bid", "text": "MUMBAI: Two men who used fugitive gangster Faheem Machmach's help to extort Rs 1 crore from a businessman who purchased a shop in Mumbai Central were arrested by the anti-extortion cell on Thursday.The accused, Amjad Akhtar (40) and Anjum Kapadia (50) have been booked for extortion and remanded in police custody till February 28. Akhtar (40) is a realty broker, while Kapadia runs a driving school in Agripada, the police said.The complainant, Iqbal Shaikh, purchased a 2,000 sq ft shop on the ground floor of Kailash society on Belasis Road in Mumbai Central.The property belonged to one Kisan Rao who died in 2007. Tarla Trivedi filed a petition in court stating that she was Rao's wife, which was challenged by Rao's cousin, Jaywant Kunjan, who said the deceased was unmarried.The court dismissed Trivedi's plea and gave a succession certificate to Kunjan. In 2010, Shaikh brought the property from Kunjan.\"Initially, some members did not allow Shaikh to take possession of the property. The accused approached Shaikh and said that he had purchased the property at a throwaway price and demanded Rs 40 lakh,\" said senior police inspector Nitin Alaknure.In 2011, Machmach called up Shaikh and told him that the property should be sold to Akhtar and Kapadia for Rs 4 crore. After Shaikh refused, Machmach threatened him and demanded Rs 1 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12014023", "title": "NITT\u2019s four-day fest gets underway", "text": "TRICHY: The eighth edition of 'Pragyan-2012', the annual techno-management festival at the National Institute of Technology, Trichy (NIT-T), began on Thursday night in the presence of the institute director Dr Srinivasan Sundarrajan, executive director of BHEL , Trichy A V Krishnan and others.The students proved their versatility in a fusion performance of various dance genres, a presentation that was the cynosure of around 3,000-strong student community. The students had an added reason to celebrate, as they had received the ISO 9001 (2008 edition) certification for conducting seven memorable editions that of the fest, giving it the stature of an international festival, last year. Pragyan is now among the top five student technical festivals in the country and this year it had evolved into a four-day multi-dimensional extravaganza of technological excellence.This year, Pragyan showcases an impressive array of internationally renowned participants including Gayle Laakman, the author of 'Cracking the Cooing Interview' and the 'Google Resume', Jeff Lieberman, the host of the show 'Time Warp' on Discovery Channel, Gert Lanckriet, an associate professor in the department of computer engineering in the University of California, San Diego, Dr J N Reddy, the man behind the finite element analysis and Dr Sivathanu Pillai, the father of Brahmos Aerospace.Explaining that without creativity and innovation, growth was not possible, Krishnan told the students that \"innovation could be incremental or breakthrough.\" Nevertheless, it was the soft skills that were more needed to manage a large organisation and this could be achieved only through programmes like Pragyan. The highlight of Pragyan-2012 would be the technological exhibitions such as Kinect Installation (state-of-the-art motion sensing technology with an artistic touch), Augmented Reality (donning the LED glove and plunging into the interactive virtual world to conquer the unexplored), Robomania (hexapods, bipeds, humanoids, gaming bots, the venerable ductbot and an assortment of the best in artificial intelligence), Precision Instruments (used in archaeological surveying and cutting edge research) and Adaptive Gripper Arm (a German pneumatic marvel).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12013118", "title": "Fire at DGP's chamber in Writers' Buildings", "text": "KOLKATA: A small fire broke out in the chamber of DGP Naparajit Mukherjee at Writers' Buildings on Thursday evening. The incident prompted state fire and emergency services minister Jawed Ahmed Khan to announce on Thursday that closed circuit televisions, sprinklers, heat and smoke alarms will be set up at the state secretariat to protect the building in case of any untoward incident. It will cost the government Rs 3.5 crore approximately.Closed circuit televisions in \"almost all rooms\", sprinklers, heat and smoke alarms and a complete overhaul of the electrical wiring. These are some of the major steps that will be taken at Writers' Buildings by the state government to make the building foolproof from fire, state fire and emergency services minister Jawed Ahmed Khan said on Thursday. It will cost the government Rs 3.5 crore approximately.While a detailed survey for this had already been conducted, this was mentioned by Khan in the context of a small fire in the chamber of DGP Naparajit Mukherjee that created quite a flutter at Writers' Buildings on Thursday.At around 5.30pm on Thursday, smoke was detected from a tube light in the DGP's chamber. While one fire engine is already stationed at Writers', two more fire engines were brought in to Writers' tocheck the room. The fire services minister, whose chamber is on the same floor as the DGP's, visited Mukherjee's chamber after the incident. Khan said that the situation could have been worse had the fire not broken out during office hours.However, if all this was much ado about nothing, according to Khan, the situation could have been worse had it not been during office hours.\"This is the reason why we feel the need to have constant monitoring of the entire building through CCTVs,\" the minister said. While he did not confirm if \"all\" rooms will have CCTVs including those of ministers, sources confirmed that this was indeed the case. TOI had already reported this earlier. It would not only help monitor any untoward incident, but also enable the rooms to be kept under cautious eyes of the chief minister.\"All rooms may or may not be under CCTV surveillance, but certainly some rooms and corridors will,\" Khan confirmed on Thursday.Recently, a detailed survey was conducted by the fire and emergency services department through a private company recently,and the proposal has now been placed before the CM. \"Whether the work will be done by the fire services department or the PWD will be decided soon by the CM,\" added Khan.Besides Writers' Buildings, the entire system will be kept under check from a control room at Lalbazar.Other than at Writers' Buildings, the entire system will be kept under check from a control room at Lalbazar. \"Had the smoke today been beyond office hours, it could have been bad. So things have to be monitored round the clock. And two control rooms will help, because if the Writers' room misses something, the Lalbazar control room will surely detect and vice versa.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011713", "title": "HC slams cops over senior citizen attack", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior citizens staying alone even in major cities in the state had no protection from physical attacks, the Bombay High Court said on Thursday.\"An old helpless woman is assaulted. Is the entire police station supposed to help a builder? Senior citizens who have no one, have nobody to protect them. What has it come to in Maharashtra!\" said a division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode. Pulling up the police for failing to protect an elderly woman, the court has directed the crime branch to register an FIR against the builder accused of assaulting a 68 year old.The bench was hearing a petition by Worli resident Anusuya Patil (68) saying builder Sandesh Gawadkar, his wife and 10-12 people assaulted her on December 9, 2011, in the presence of police inspector from the Dadar police station Vilas More. After she wrote to the police commissioner, a preliminary inquiry was initiated on December 17, 2011 and the report submitted on February 17, 2012.The judges said a glance at a complaint discloses cognizable offences but the \"police turned a deaf ear\": \"Instead of registering an FIR, the police acted as mute spectators. Prima facie, it is clear that they colluded with the developer and not taken action,\" the bench said.Earlier, additional public prosecutor Poornima Kantharia argued that More was on duty at Siddhivinayak Temple at the time of the alleged incident. \"More was not present on the spot. This is a false allegation against an officer,\" she said, submitting the movement register to HC. But Patil's advocate Jitendra Mishra said the spot was five minutes drive from the temple.Justice Kode questioned why a preliminary inquiry was done on December 17, 2011, and not on the day of the incident, December 9. \"What is the difference in the complaint in the NC and the preliminary inquiry? You were waiting to prepare the papers?\" asked Justice Kode.The judges disallowed Gawadkar's advocate Ashok Saraogi to intervene. Justice Kanade said, \"You have no locus. She (Kantharia) has argued for the builder. She has done a better job than you!\" Observing that \"Dadar police officers have failed in their duty\", the judges directed the crime branch to register an FIR and submit a report in four weeks. They have also directed the police chief to conduct a departmental inquiry against More. \"Citizens have no rights. Police are there to help only builders and influential people,\" said Justice Kanade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12012519", "title": "University staff in dock for fixing results", "text": "CHENNAI: Following up on the 2011 exam malpractices case, University of Madras has formed a four-member committee to frame charges against 37 staff members for manipulating examination results.The committee, headed by former director-general of police K Radhakrishnan, will frame charges against seven superintendents of exam centres and 30 section and assistant officers for manipulating results of the May 2011 examinations of the Institute of Distance Education and for procedural lapses in the June 2011 BE / B Tech exams.The report of a three-member committee set up by vice-chancellor G Thiruvasagam confirmed to the syndicate that marks in the IDE examinations had been manipulated. Students who received four marks got 40 marks and those who received six got 60.In the arrear exam for engineering subjects, many who failed were subsequently given pass mark. University of Madras, an affiliating university for engineering colleges a decade ago, continues to conduct examinations for candidates with arrears over the years.\"The Radhakrishnan committee will frame charges after looking into the legal aspects. This is likely to take a month. Then the faculty members charged with the offence will be given around 15 days to give their explanation,\" said Thiruvasagam. After the faculty members give their explanation, former member secretary of the Tamil Nadu Higher Education Council K Aludiapillai will conduct a one-on-one inquiry.Thiruvasagam said seven faculty members would be charged under Section 17B of the Tamil Nadu Civil Services Act, which lists the procedure to be followed to impose severe penalties, which could even mean detention. The 30 other staff members will be charged under Section 17A of the Act, which lists the procedure to be followed to impose minor penalties, including stopping of increments.The university reopened the Senate House, built in 1873, and organized an event to inaugurate a permanent photograph exhibition on Thursday. Education secretary T S Sridhar said a specific fund would be created for maintenance of the historical building, as was done for Rajaji Hall. Around 300 exhibits were showcased in the exhibition. Thiruvasagam said it would cost around 40,000 a month to maintain the building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011865", "title": "39 NGOs to benefit from marathon kitty", "text": "NEW DELHI: Those who ran for the Airtel Delhi Half Marathon in November had a field day and their run will transform many lives in the days to come. The participants managed to raise over Rs 3.3 crore for charity - benefitting about 39 NGOs. The funds will be distributed among the NGOs through Concern India Foundation. The people and the companies who raised the highest amounts were honoured on Thursday.Harshita Mahajan, a participant at the marathon, managed to raise around Rs 5 lakh. Her contribution will be used to buy a vehicle for differently abled children who can't commute to an NGO for therapy. Now, with the help of the vehicle, their dream will be realized.Similarly, Ashna Kaul (14) was another young participant, but she managed to raise over Rs 1 lakh for the cause of education. \"I will try to gather funds for the cause every year. I may be young but the cause is more important,\" said Kaul, who ran for children who have no access to schools. There are many others whose little effort will make the dreams of the underprivileged come true.Around 1,488 individuals pledged money for the event. While the pledge amount ranged from Rs 50 to Rs 9 lakh, the highest raised by a company was around Rs 78,900. The highest pledge-raising NGO was Vidya Sagar - an NGO working for people with special needs.Joint CP (traffic), Satyendra Garg, whose team helped the event by creating a traffic free route of about 12km, said that this year the route was from Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium to Rajpath and India Gate. \"It took us quite a bit of a homework to get this route cleared for participants. We would like to do it again as the event has raised so much for so many important causes,\" Garg said.TOI staff photographer Anindya Chattopadhyay bagged the second prize for the best published photograph that captured the spirit of Delhites at the marathon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12012633", "title": "Give them water or leave office, HC tells government", "text": "KOCHI: A government that fails to provide drinking water is not entitled to rule, a single bench of the Kerala high court observed on Thursday.Considering the petition by Manthra Home Residents Association in Chilavannoor, Justice S Siri Jagan said water scarcity in Ernakulam was not due to the lack of availability as water is available from Periyar.The only thing government has to do to provide potable water is to lay more pipes to get the water from Periyar river to homes after proper treatment, the court noted. The court noted that citizens can live even without a Metro Rail but not without drinking water. It ordered the state and Kochi corporation to file reports within two weeks stating the steps taken to provide drinking water to residents of Manthra Home. The residents moved the court through advocate A Rajasimhan after their application for drinking water was rejected by Kerala Water Authority(KWA) stating that providing connections are not hydraulically feasible. KWA stated that water will not reach the apartment complex due to lack of pressure in pumping. Appearing for the residents, Rajasimhan challenged the denial of connections in court, arguing that water authority hasn't conducted any technical study to categorically state that providing connections is not feasible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12012190", "title": "India loses $20bn annually to road accidents", "text": "NEW DELHI: India loses $20 billion due to road accidents annually, which the World Health Organization (WHO) estimates is enough to feed 50% of the nation's malnourished children. Officially, at least 1.34 lakh people died on Indian roads in 2010, while experts claim the figure could be about 1.5 lakh considering the under reporting of such cases.WHO representative in India Dr Nata Menabde while addressing international road safety experts, including the senior IPS officers at a convention held at College of Traffic Management (CTM) in Faridabad, said that there is a dire need to save the vulnerable road users to reduce the huge annual financial loss. She urged that strategies have to be devised to save lives, particularly pedestrians, cyclists and two-wheeler riders besides putting curbs on drunk driving and stricter enforcement of wearing of helmets and seat belts.\"We need to see how we build our road, investigate properly how accidents occur and police probe these cases. There should be one group or body that should bring all sectors together, and it should announce a plan to reduce fatalities,\" Menabde said.Highlighting how road accidents and fatalities have never grabbed attention, ex-home secretary G K PIllai said while 2,000 people dying annually in terrorist acts become a national issue, 1.34 lakh road fatalities have never been highlighted.International experts felt that the high use of cellphones while driving is increasing the chance of accidents globally. \"The chance of accidents increase four-fold in such cases,\" said Adam Briggs, former chief constable of the UK .CTM president Rohit Baluja said that to reduce the accidents and fatalities on Indian roads, there is a need to have proper probe to unearth the cause of accidents. \"The government data claims that only 1% of the deaths are caused due to faulty roads, which is unacceptable. When you have wrong data, how can you prepare an action plan to fix the problems? How many engineers have been jailed for any accident?\" he asked.Even senior traffic officials from Mumbai, Chennai, Bangalore, Haryana, Rajasthan admitted that the investigators looking into accident cases have little training to probe them. \"The usual course of investigation is on predictable lines: bigger vehicle is the culprit, dead is the victim and alive is the accused. We need to find the reasons behind such accidents as it is done in other countries,\" said Vivek Phansalkar, joint commissioner of Mumbai Traffic Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12015969", "title": "Would be exciting to watch Kareena\u2019s mujra: Saif", "text": "Actor Saif Ali Khan , who is gearing up for the release of his spy thriller, 'Agent Vinod' says to watch his girlfriend and leading lady Kareena Kapoor perform a 'mujra' would be fresh and exciting.Kareena, who is paired opposite beau Saif in the forthcoming film, has performed a 'mujra' for the first time. The song, 'Dil Mera Muft Ka' is choreographed by veteran Saroj Khan.\"When we were writing and discussing we all thought a Mujra would be a good idea because it might seem little fresh as compared to films that were being made of that kind time. And also to see Kareena doing a performance like that would be exciting. So, we kept all those things that would be interesting to watch and if people appreciate it we feel we will have achieved what we want,\" Saif told reporters.Saif also feels that the film, directed by Sriram Raghavan has a mix of old and new style and it has been treated differently. \"At one point of a time in the film when action comes to Pakistan ..a raw agent going there seems like entering into lion den's so there is an exciting part, there is a wedding that is on. While a lot of it is new, there is a good old fashion of 70s Hindi film towards the climax of the film and that has a lovely Hindi film song in it. I feel the film has different directorial styles, I love the way the movie is made,\" he said.The film is up for release on March 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12011883", "title": "Will police be able to frame Zaheer Rana this time?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: He was Midas of the middle-class who held promise to change their lives with a single stroke. However, when the bubble burst in 2003, Zaheer Rana, a resident of Juhapura with humble beginnings, was already a rich man through his flagship company Remo Marketing involved in multi-level marketing schemes.Rana was convicted for fraud running into crores and also served sentence for five years. However, his never-say-die attitude brought him back to the business he knew best - defrauding people. While the Navrangpura police have already arrested two directors of Dorado FinTech, a company owned by Rana for cheating worth Rs 26 lakh, police are still to get clinching evidence against Rana, who has already become smarter from his earlier endeavour.\"During our investigation, we got to know that Rana is nowhere in the picture of Dorado FinTech or two other ventures floated by him. Bipin Solanki and Rupesh Chauhan, the two arrested by us, are registered as directors of the company with registrar of companies, whereas the bank accounts also don't have Rana's signature as signing authority.Thus, he has virtually played a puppeteer to the entire scheme with a comfortable distance,\" said a Navrangpura police official.While police have already recorded statements of the directors exposing Rana's role, they are now studying the cash flow in the cases. \"We got to know that little money was accepted through cheques and most of the deals took place in cash, not registered on company books. Thus, following the money is difficult. So far, we have received eight complaints for cheating of Rs 26 lakh but we believe the amount of cheating to be more than Rs 50 lakh,\" said the official.Investigators said that the investors were lured by prospects of earning 20% returns every month. \"Explaining their business scheme, the promoters used to tell investors that they are running a supply chain for the malls in the city and state and make profits. They want money to run the chain and the profit would go to the investors through re-investment of the amount,\" said a senior city police official.According to investigators, Rana is suspected to be in Mumbai at the moment and in touch with his associates in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12011868", "title": "Birla Mandir exploration issue: No sign of treasure, hunt may continue", "text": "HYDERABAD: Birla Mandir officials visited the treasure hunt site for the second consecutive day on Thursday to raise their concerns over the \"exploration\" activity at the foot of the hill. The officials also brought their engineer to the site to inspect Vidyaranya School compound where the department of archaeology had dug up earth to locate the hidden 'treasure'. On Wednesday, the officials had raised concerns on further digging affecting the foundation of the temple built on rock clusters. But by the end of the day, there was no sign of any treasure.Temple officials who visited the site remained noncommittal on whether they would move court or high authorities against the department of archaeology for disturbing the rock clusters on which the temple stand. Temple authorities said that the initial spot where the department had dug up to seven feet under the ground surface might not pose a threat to their foundation, but expressed concern about any further digging at an elevated spot. \"We will wait till the department explains to us what their future course of action is. We are concerned about whether there will be more digging but have to wait,\" said officials.Responding to queries, P Chenna Reddy, director, state archaeology department, said the temple was safe as they had already filled up the seven feet pit that was dug up three days ago. He, however, did not respond to queries about digging taken up at the other two spots up the hill earlier.But further digging is not yet ruled out. National Mineral Development Corporation (NMDC), officials said that they will have to survey the spot again on Friday to determine the shape of the tunnel's opening. \"The initial readings show the presence of a bunker. On Friday we will re-examine the spot to confirm the initial readings. Once we locate the mouth of the tunnel, officials of the archaeology department will have to start the digging,\" said an NMDC official. The NMDC survey will take another day to complete, officials said.The NMDC officials have already marked the spot where they will have to do their re-examination.Chandana Khan, principal secretary, tourism and culture, said that the department of archaeology was now devising a strategy to carry forward the exploration at the foot of the hill.Chenna Reddy said that it would take another four days to assess whether further digging should take place at the spot. He maintained that there could be a bunker network below the surface connecting Mint Compound and Home Science College, but remained silent on whether they had located the 'treasure' for which this entire operation was undertaken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12017245", "title": "Scared to say \u2018I Love You\u2019?", "text": "So you're totally smitten by someone but 'I Love You' are not the words for you? Simi Kuriakose takes a look at 'The L-word Phobia', something you're subject to.You chance on her while swigging when with common friends; decide to add her on a social networking site in a day or two which she readily accepts; ask her out on a couple of 'informal dates' which she probably rejected unwillingly thinking it wasn't time yet; constantly text and call her and have quotidian meets; and before you know it you're into something more than friends. But have you been pinned anywhere close to Cupid's dartboard? Or are you still on your way there, contemplating whether you should change your path before you even reach midway?While all these thoughts churn your mind, she's right there beside you on a seaface promenade, tears rolling down her cheeks as she mutters sheepishly 'I Love You.' And you're so happy hearing it, you so want to say it back to her too, but your mind is playing a tug of war between 'Should I/Shouldn't I.' Now you're not only undecided if you want to jump off midway walking towards Cupid's dartboard, you know for sure you've fainted right there.These symptoms clearly state you're suffering from 'The Lword Phobia.' Yes, the word love gives you an anxiety attack. We bet you can clear your throat and say 'the word' to this girl when you're highly intoxicated, but when in your senses, sigh!Here's a look at why you're troubled and can't utter this simple word:Not accustomed, never was Yes, sometimes people are just not used to the word love. They've never heard it from their parents or settled into hearing others use it. So, you're not very comfortable with the usage of the word. Thus, the fear.Past emotional scars You've said this word too many times in the past, and things didn't work out then. So you're on your guard now, waiting to say it to someone who's really worth it; or maybe not sure if you'll say it to anyone because your exes played rugby with your heart.Committment phobia Jitters, jitters, jitters... that's what proximity with a woman does to you. Because she expects a commitment and expectation scares you. You're not someone who's willing to give your word, you probably won't be that someone anytime soon.Fear of handling relationships Clinical psychologist and psychotherapist Mansi Hassan says, \"Men are complex beings. They might not fear commitment, but might fear whether they have the capacity to handle a relationship or take care of a girl unconditionally. Being in a relationship is a lifetime of emotional involvement, men who can't handle such a situation won't say the 'love' word. Because it's an all-or-nothing theory , until you've said it you've got the liberty to deal with it the way you want to. Also, they do not want the other person to expect much from them, fearing they can't fulfil it.\"Am I good enough for her? Elizabeth Adams, a feature writer says, \"The guy I'm dating never says the 'love' word while I use it time and again. But when he's pegs down, he's calling me and telling me how he's fallen in love with me already and he's scared he'll break my heart. He feels, so he says, that I'm way too good for him. It's weird, but that's surely a reason why he has never said the Lword.\"It's too soon for 'The L-Word' You think it still isn't time to use 'I love you.' How much have you even known her? Vivek Joseph, a navy official, also an L-word phobic says, \"I think when I'll say the 'love' word, I'll have to mean it. Commitment changes everything and well, one needs to take it seriously.\" Yes, love is such an intense word, you can't play around with it; this is what you feel and thus the fear to say it.Is she really the one? This one's just for you to answer. Remember, you don't have to obsess about someone or compare them to your past relationships. You just need to figure out if the girl you are with is really someone who is worth the time. Keep in mind, it's okay to take your time to say 'the L-word', but don't take a lifetime to say it or else you might just miss out on something that you should never have passed up.simi.kuriakose@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "12012591", "title": "Poinguinim show in Canacona fray", "text": "CANACONA: While three candidates are in the fray for the redrawn Canacona constituency, the main battle is expected to be between the erstwhile Poinguinim constituency's big names: Sitting BJP legislator Ramesh Tawadkar and Congress' former MLA Isidore Fernandes.First-time assembly election contestant Sapnesh Desai, fielded by the All India Trinamool Congress, is also in the fray and is \"confident\" of winning as he has the experience of having worked with Fernandes, Canacona MLA Vijay Pai Khot and former legislator Sanjay Bandekar in earlier general polls.But analysts say it's a battle for the tribal ballot in the constituency, which is why the BJP, egged on by a tribal agitation that turned violent in May last year, decided to bet on Tawadkar, a scheduled tribe leader, instead of its two-time Canacona legislator Khot.The scheduled tribe population-spread across Gaondongorim, Cotigao, Shristhal, Poinguinium, Agonda and Cola-makes up 7,000-odd votes in the 31,822-voter line-up and observers say Tawadkar enjoys much of their support.Fernandes, on the other hand, a former minister, whose name was announced at the nth hour by the Congress, but who has been working in the constituency for a while now, also has the ability to attract a large section of the electorate that includes Catholics, Komarpants (belonging to the warrior community), Hindus and others, say analysts.Expected to play a key role is Khot, who quit the BJP earlier this month. While BJP leaders claim Khot is supporting Tawadkar, some of Khot's supporters, including former Canacona municipal council chief Santosh Kalgo Gaonkar, sitting Pansulem ward councillor Mahadev Desai, former civic body chairperson Dayanand Pagui, Divakar Pagui and others.Sources say that as Fernandes appeared to be garnering support in the constituency, opposition leader Manohar Parrikar met Khot in Canacona last Sunday to persuade him to support Tawadkar.Tawadkar told TOI that he expects to poll at least 5,000 of the tribal community's 7,000 votes, besides those of other communities.Fernandes, on the other had, also claims to enjoy the support of the scheduled tribe community, adding that the sarpanchas of Coitgao and Gaondongorim along with their panchas are with him.But what could go against Fernandes is the supposed resentment among Congress leaders in the constituency. Former Congress minister Bandekar quit the party to join the BJP along with sitting Canacona civic body chief Ramakant Naik Gaonkar, ex-chief Shyamsunder Desai and Shantaji Naik Gaonkar.Another local party leader, Daya Toku Pagui, who withdrew from the assembly fray, has not made known whom he supports. Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12011328", "title": "Reign of liquor in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: Literally, the state of Andhra Pradesh runs on liquor. From financing the electoral campaigns of politicians and ensuring their lavish lifestyle through the existence of the liquor syndicate, liquor helps the state government go about its business by being the second highest revenue earner after sales tax.In the 2012-13 financial year, the state government expects to earn Rs 14,000 crore through the sale of liquor and implement all its projects including the welfare schemes. During the same period, the liquor syndicate comprising politicians, state government officials and retailers are expected to pocket about another Rs 10,000 crore, all at the cost of more citizens of the state turning into alcoholics with each passing day.\"Sale of liquor has been a major source of revenue for the state in the last three to four decades. As a consequence, the government's policies are encouraging many to become alcoholics, which in turn causing severe financial stress on many families. Over seven million families are experiencing the pernicious impact of liquor consumption in the state. Tens of thousands of women are suffering because as the men folk spend the family's scarce resources on liquor, and then subject them to domestic violence. All this warrants rigorous control of liquor in the state,\" said Loksatta MLA Jayaprakash Narayan, whose party has been at the forefront of curbing the liquor trade in the state.The state did experience a brief period of prohibition in the mid nineties but saying that the revenue mobilization has been hit due to the prohibition policy, successive governments ensured that liquor flowed.Soon after returning to power during an anti-Congress wave due to the anti-liquor agitation in the state, chief minister N T Rama Rao imposed prohibition in the state on January 16, 1995 and his son-in-law Chandrababu Naidu continued the policy after taking over as chief minister by dethroning NTR.But on April 1, 1997, Naidu lifted the prohibition. His contention was that the sale of liquor was fetching as much as Rs 3,000 crore per annum to the state and the same can be spent on various welfare scheme in the state. Although former chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy had criticized Naidu for lifting prohibition, it was during the successive Congress regimes that the liquor syndicate in fact grew leaps and bounds and spread its tentacles into every nook and corner of the state.Since then, the liquor business has been flourishing in Andhra Pradesh. From a revenue of Rs 924 crore in 1998-99, the money that the state made through the sale of liquor shot up to Rs 4,125 crore in 2007-08. \"But what is cause for concern is the loot of the people by the liquor syndicate with the blessings of the state government. In no other state in the country does such a nexus exist,\" said an official once connected to the excise department.For example, the state has already earned Rs 16,250 crore through the sale of liquor in the current financial year which is slated to end in March 2012. According to the sources, the liquor syndicate comprising politicians, state government officials, retailers etc made another Rs 8,000 crore from the unsuspecting buyers.\"All across the state, the retailers sell liquor about 50 per cent to 70 per cent over the MRP. The maximum violations take place in Srikakulam, Vizianagaram and Visakhapatnam, followed by Guntur, Prakasam and Nellore. While East and West Godavari and Krishna districts are next in the list. In effect, Rs 8,000 crore collected by the liquor syndicate from the people does not come to the state coffers but ends up in the pockets of the politicians, excise, ACB, police officials and the retailers,\" said the sources.Ironically, the cost of producing the liquor that fetched Rs 16,250 crore in 2011-12 is said to be a mere Rs 1,000 crore. But what many in the state government say is that since the liquor syndicate is so powerful, it will be very difficult to take it on. \"If almost three-fourths of the Congress MLAs and many from the opposition are part of the syndicate, who would dare to challenge them,\" said an official.But thanks to the recent ACB raids, at least the existence of such a huge racket has come under public scrutiny, he admitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12012526", "title": "MGP's Mapusa chief won't back BJP candidate", "text": "MAPUSA: A strange situation prevails in the Mapusa constituency as the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak party's (MGP) Mapusa block president Kiran Shirodkar has refused to support the alliance partner's candidate Francis D'Souza of the BJP.Incidentally, Shirodkar is the cousin brother of Ashish Shirodkar, who is contesting on the NCP ticket in the same constituency.Expressing disgust at the lack of progress in Mapusa, Shirodkar blamed the MLA for ignoring the city's needs. \"He (Francisco D'Souza) has messed up the Mapusa city. Don't expect me to work for him. I will support the candidate who is against him,\" Shirodkar said.\"I don't have anything against the BJP. The party is good and my fight is against the individual who made the people of Mapusa suffer. I would have supported anybody as the BJP candidate other than him,\" he added.The MGP and BJP are in a pre-poll alliance and the Mapusa seat has been allotted to BJP's sitting MLA Francis D'Souza.Since I am not in the fray, I should be free to decide whom to support, he said.Kiran Shirodkar was recently spotted at the Mapusa office of his cousin brother Ashish Shirodkar canvassing for him. Shirodkar also said that he will not leave the party and as a loyal soldier will continue to be in the MGP.In the meantime, the Mapusa block MGP committee held a meeting at Mapusa on Wednesday to mark their protest against the 'disregard' shown to them by the BJP as well as the MGP.Sources informed that the members were upset that they were not taken into confidence while selecting the Mapusa candidate. It was decided during the meeting that the members will be free to extend support to any candidate of their choice.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12010654", "title": "Half-burnt body identified as that of missing constable", "text": "GURGAON: The half-burnt body of a youth that was recovered from near Bandhwari village on Wednesday morning has been identified that of Devendra Kumar Tomar (24), a constable of the Haryana police. The deceased was posted at Haryana Bhavan in Delhi.According to the police, Tomar had been missing from his home in Hassanpur village in Palwal under mysterious circumstances since Tuesday.Gurgaon police have now transferred the case to Palwal police since a case of kidnapping was lodged there on the statement of the victim's father, Ramcharan.The postmortem report of the victim has established that he was strangled.On Thursday morning, Dinesh Tomar, the victim's brother, reached Gurgaon and identified the body. He told police that his brother was working as a constable in the Haryana police department.He told police that some people had come to their house in a Maruti Alto car around 8.30pm on Tuesday. The victim had just stepped out of the house with the family dog, said the victim's brother.After a brief conversation with the unknown visitors, Devendra left the dog and went with them in the car. But he never came back after that, said the police. On Wednesday evening, the family got to know about the body.Meanwhile, the police are still trying to piece together the chain of events. \"The constable was strangled elsewhere, because he was dead several hours before he was burnt,\" said Dr Hazari Lal, who conducted the postmortem of the victim.\"We have handed over the body to his kin after the postmortem. We have also transferred the case to Palwal police and they will investigate further,\" said Maheshwar Dyal, DCP (East).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12013480", "title": "Slumdweller brought down city Cong chief", "text": "MUMBAI: Sanjay Tiwari seems an unlikely person to file a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) against someone as politically powerful as the city's Congress chief. Tiwari lives in the Kajupada slums of Saki Naka, Andheri (East) and works as a supervisor in a private firm.Tiwari's tryst with anticorruption crusades began after the July 2005 floods. \"People were given Rs 2,000 and made to sign a receipt for Rs 5,000 by government officials. Along with my friends we went door-to-door asking who received money and who didn't. For the first time I used the Right to Information (RTI) Act to procure information from the government. We collected affidavits from local residents and filed a complaint against government officials. Nine officials were suspended,'' he recalled.Then there was the widening of the 90-foot road from Saki Naka to Kurla. \"This was the second time we used RTI and discovered two Development Plans for the same area. We were able to save nearly 20 shops from demolition,'' he said. There was also the issue of Sheetal Talao, Kurla, where both the BMC and Mhada claimed to have spent funds on upkeep. An RTI query revealed that only the BMC had spent money.A few months after the 2009 assembly elections, Tiwari came upon the affidavit filed by Kalina MLA Kripashankar Singh. He then filed an RTI query to obtain the affidavit Singh filed for the 2004 elections. \"The first discrepancy I discovered was that in 2004 he showed his educational qualifications as BSc and in 2009 as Std XII pass. The first affidavit made no mention of property. I then began seeking information under the RTI about his income-tax returns, his property etc,'' Tiwari said. He obtained information about the flat obtained for his son-in-law at Powai under the chief minister's discretionary quota, about property at Bandra and so on.As word got around that Tiwari was making inquiries into Singh's assets, people began approaching him with documents. \"A person close to Singh brought me details of 10 to 12 of his bank accounts. The documents clearly traced how crores of rupees had passed through these accounts. We filed several complaints with the I-T department, but when nothing happened I filed a PIL in the Bombay high court in 2010,'' he said. After he filed the PIL, farmers from Ratnagiri told him they were fighting to recover their land from Singh. They showed him documents on which signatures of dead people were allegedly used to grab their land. \"The land records showed nearly 225 acres in the name of Malti Devi, his wife,'' he said.Tiwari credits the RTI Act for the success so far. \"RTI ka bahut fayda hua. Agar yeh Act na hota, hum sachhai tak pahunch hi nahin sakte (I benefitted immensely from RTI. If not for this Act, we would not have reached the truth),'' he said.Surprisingly, while he was threatened during his fight to save the 20-odd shops, this time round there were no threats either to him or his family. \"Since I had already fought and won on two earlier occasions, I was not afraid this time either,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12012838", "title": "35 candidates who lost elections demand repoll", "text": "PUNE: As many as 35 candidates who have lost the Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation elections have alleged tampering of electronic voting machines and demanded a repoll. The polling was held on February 16 while the counting and results were announced the next day.The candidates walked to the district collectorate on Thursday and demanded that a reelection be held in wards where allegations have been made about tampering of voting machines. Nearly 200 voters participated in the morcha.\"We fear a racket behind tampering of the voting machines. These people had approached various candidates to make the machines work in their favour. After the results were out there were reasons to believe that such tampering has taken place. So we demand reelection,\" Digambar Davari, a candidate, said.A memorandum was submitted to the district collectorate about reelections. Copies will be given to election department officials, they said.Ajay Sadashiv Vaishampayan, another candidate, has sought an inquiry in the voting machines. \"Experts and students from government engineering colleges should be given the task of checking the machines. Only if they give a report that the machines are foolproof should voting machines be allowed in the elections,\" he said.Rekha Gore, who has studied electronic voting machines, claimed such tampering was possible. \"The chips that are fitted in the machines can easily be tampered with. Creating a customized programme to benefit a particular candidate is possible,\" she said, while addressing a news conference here.Gorhe, who worked in a company that manufactures electronic voting machines, said that there was no mechanism to cross check, whether one's vote has gone to the person in whose favour the vote has been cast.When contacted to election department the election officer Pravin Ashtikar said that his office has received complaint and they have been forwarded to office concern, \"Those office i.e. state election office will take a decision on that. Even the option of approaching to court is available with the complainants.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12014137", "title": "Volunteers undertake cleanliness drive", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Scores of volunteers of the Sant Nirankari Mandal on Thursday participated in cleanliness drive in and around SRN hospital campus. The drive was launched to mark the birthday of the Nirankari Baba ji.Volunteers from all age groups including aged, young women and even children carried out the cleanliness drive for more than two hours. Under the drive, the volunteers have cleaned most of the wards, OPDs and even Mortuary campus. Sewadal official Roshanlal Bhatia, Triloki Nath, Kishan Kumar, Ved Prakash and Madan Kumar headed the teams who conducted the cleanliness drives in different areas.Apart from cleanliness drive, the volunteers also participated in plant saplings and more than 30 saplings were planted in the SRN hospital campus. On the occasion, principal, MLN Medical College , Dr SP Singh and CMS (chief medical superintendent), SRN, Dr. Shhradha Dwivedi , City Commissioner, Ashok Kumar, City Health Officer, Dr SSP Verma and zonal incharge of Sant Nirankari Mandal, Ashok Kumar Sachdeo also planted saplings on the occasion.On the occasion, principal, MLN Medical College said: \"The volunteers have done a remarkable job.\" He added \"by doing this, clean environment can generate clean society and people should come forward for human service.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12010862", "title": "Workshop on wildlife protection", "text": "BHOPAL: A four-day workshop on wildlife protection education will be held at Van Vihar from February 27. This workshop is organized in cooperation with the Central Zoo Authority, New Delhi. International experts will also participate in this workshop.Science fair: On the occasion of the National Science Day, a four day National Science fair will be commencing from February 25 at Lal Parade ground of Bhopal . The main objective of organizing this fair is to encourage the students through out the state. This fair will be organized by the MP government and Vigyan bharti.Debate competition: A two- day state-level debate competition of the MP Police will be organized on February 24. This event will be held at the Police Training and Research Institute. Around 65 policemen from throughout the state will participating in the competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011729", "title": "NIT-DMRC meet on Monday for city metro", "text": "NAGPUR: The ambitious metro rail project in the city is expected to get rolling soon. Officials of Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) and Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) will be meeting on Monday to decide the modalities before going ahead with preparing the detailed project report (DPR). Nagpur Mass Rapid Transit Company (NMRTC) is the company executing this project with NIT nodal body for it. The other partners in NMRTC are Maharashtra Industries Development Corporation (MIDC), Maharashtra Airport Development Company ( MADC) and Nagpur Municipal Corporation ( NMC).The two-day meeting will lay ground work for the DPR work on which is expected to start by May. It is expected to be ready within a year. NIT chairman Praveen Darade said that DMRC will understand the basic requirements of the project in the meeting. Although actual work is planned to start shortly after DPR is ready, it is expected that the entire 30-km metro rail will take a minimum of seven years to be ready. By that time enough demand may be there for a rapid transit system, he said. Nagpur will be the third city in the state to have a metro system after Mumbai and Pune.Darade said that project cost has been estimated at Rs 12,000 crore of which around 15% will be borne by NMRTC over a period seven years. This comes to Rs 250 crore a year to be shared by the four partners in the company. NIT has already made provision for Rs 50 crore it may have to pay each year. By the time the project starts, NIT is expected to have a surplus of around Rs 200 crore and is focusing on raising income through public private partnership projects (PPP). Other partners are also cash rich, he said.The current estimate is on the higher side as it is considering entire route to be underground. There is good chance of a mix of surface and underground and elevated tracks being picked. In such case the cost may be well within Rs 10,000 crore, said Darade. About remaining funding, Darade said 60% will be raised by the central government through loan from Asian Development Bank and 25% will come from the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12012098", "title": "Nitish Kumar for all-party delegation on coal linkage issue", "text": "PATNA: The partisan attitude of the Centre on power distribution to Bihar has provoked chief minister Nitish Kumar to announce in the state legislative assembly that he would love to lead an all-party delegation of MPs and legislatures to Delhi to press PM Manmohan Singh to provide coal linkage to Barauni thermal power plant.\"I am not asking for coal linkages to thermal power units owned by private companies, but for Barauni thermal power plant which is purely government owned. It is unfortunate that the Centre backed out from its assurances,\" the CM said and added that without coal linkages, the generation from the unit would be affected. Replying to the debate on the thanksgiving motion to the governor's address to the joint session of the state legislature, he said apart from the coal linkage issue, the PM would also be urged to allocate 50 per cent power from the Central pool. \"At present, we are getting a meagre 300 MW power from the Central pool,\" the CM said and added that the power is the most challenging issue the government is fighting.Nitish announced in the House that the government would provide uniform to girl students from Class IX to XII and would make 75 percent attendance mandatory for both boys and girls who have been given bicycles by the government from the next fiscal. \"The purpose is to make students serious about their studies,\" he mentioned.This apart, scholarship money would be enhanced to all the students belonging to SC, ST, extremely backward castes and minorities from the next financial year as well.The CM asked the members not to get upset over the Chief Minister Local Area Development Fund. Each member would be taken care of and the entire money would be spent by March 31 this year. Since it was new scheme, the government was bogged down by initial hiccups. Now everything is over and things would be sorted our shortly, he added. He said each member would be allowed to sink five tube wells at public places in each panchayat resided mostly by Mahadalits, Dalits, most backward castes, and minorities. A sum of Rs 230 crore would be spent annually on the scheme. He appealed to the members to participate in the centenary celebration of the state's foundation on March 22 this year.Talking about his endeavour to steer the state on the development path, the CM said, \"I have not come here to compromise, but to work hard for the people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011833", "title": "Decks cleared for first test of 5000-km range Agni-V missile", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has begun final preparations for the first test of its most-ambitious strategic missile, the 5,000-km Agni-V, which will prove to be both a technical as well as logistical challenge.The Agni-V, which will bring the whole of Asia, 70% of Europe and other regions under its strike envelope, will be tested from Wheeler Island off the Odisha coast towards end-March to early-April, top defence sources said.\"We are almost ready for the test. There are no technical glitches or problems. It's more of a scheduling and logistical issue now since the missile will travel halfway across the Indian Ocean,\" said a source.\"Countries like Indonesia and Australia as well as international air and maritime traffic in the test zone will have to be alerted a week or 10 days before the test. Moreover, our warships, with DRDO scientists, tracking and monitoring systems, will have to be positioned midway and near the impact point in southern Indian Ocean,\" he added.The nuclear-capable Agni-V, about 50-tonne in weight and 17.5-metre tall, is bound to generate waves. Once the three-stage missile becomes operational by 2014-2015 after \"four to five repeatable tests\", as promised by DRDO, India will break into the exclusive ICBM (intercontinental ballistic missile) club that counts just US, Russia, China, France and UK as its members.India could have gone for a higher strike range but believes the solid-fuelled Agni-V is \"more than adequate\" to meet current threat perceptions and security concerns. The missile can, after all, even hit the northernmost parts of China.With a canister-launch system to impart higher road mobility, the missile will give the armed forces much greater operational flexibility than the earlier-generation of Agni missiles. \"The accuracy levels of Agni-V and the 3,500-km Agni-IV (first tested in November 2011), with their better guidance and navigation systems, are far higher than Agni-I (700-km), Agni-II (2,000-km) and Agni-III (3,000-km),\" said the source.India, of course, cannot match China in terms of its vast nuclear and missile arsenals, with missiles like the 11,200-km range Dong Feng-31A even unnerving the US. But missiles like Agni-IV and Agni-V will certainly add teeth to its credible minimum nuclear deterrence posture.The Agni missiles will get deadlier once MIRV (multiple independently targetable re-entry vehicles) payloads for them are developed. An MIRV payload on a missile carries several nuclear warheads, which can be programmed to hit different targets. A flurry of such missiles can hence completely overwhelm BMD (ballistic missile defence) systems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12012601", "title": "High court sets aside law college principal\u2019s appointment", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has set aside the promotion of R Balaji Naidu as principal of Dr Ambedkar Government Law College. Justice V Ramasubramanian, who passed orders on the matter on Thursday, held that his appointment was contrary to the University Grants Commission (UGC) Regulations, 2010, which were adopted by the Tamil Nadu Dr Ambedkar Law University (TNDALU) and accepted by the Bar Council of India (BCI).A writ petition was filed by D Ganesan, state organizer of the Revolutionary Students Youth Front, asking that the high court issue a writ of quo warranto directing Naidu to show cause by what authority he continued to hold the post.Tracing Naidu's job profile, the petitioner said his appointment as a junior professor of sociology at the Government Law College was ratified on January 22, 1985. Later ad hoc rules were framed for the post of junior professor in a non-law subject, as per which an ML degree with 50% marks and enrollment as an advocate was made compulsory.Later, Naidu acquired a BL degree from Madurai Law College (evening college) and an ML degree from Annamalai University through a correspondence course. With the state government amending the ad hoc rules in March 2010 and making lecturers in both law and non-law subjects eligible for promotion to the post of principal, Naidu was appointed to the post. He is due to retire from service on June 30, 2012.Passing orders, the judge noted that UGC Regulations said a principal had to have a master's degree with at least 55% marks and a PhD degree. Since Naidu did not have a PhD degree, he was not qualified as per the UGC guidelines. The ad hoc rules framed by the government could not have overriding effect upon the UGC regulations, the judge said.Moreover, the BCI had made it clear in its counter-affidavit in this case that the master's degree should have been obtained through a regular course and only then could the principal be able to impart and train students well. This stand had been given due weight by the Supreme Court as well, Justice Ramasubramanian observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011661", "title": "On your marks - Physics I of HSC", "text": "NAGPUR: The main papers of the science stream of HSC board will now start rolling with Physics-I scheduled for February 25. Students who are planning to enter the engineering field will have a lot at stake as physics is one of the subjects which is part of all common entrance tests. Science is one of the toughest streams considering the competition among students. During the common admission process in Nagpur it is the science seats which are in huge demand and cut-offs regularly touch new highs.For HSC students it is important to understand the marking system of papers as it is here that the key to scoring good marks lies. Students should not fret too much about the papers and keep a cool head once they enter the examination hall.Shivdayal Gopal Bedi, Physics Lecturer at Shivaji Science College, shares tips with students on solving the Physics-I paper which will enable them to score the maximum in the current marking system in the exam.TIPS FOR STUDENTS:-- The paper duration is 120 minutes so students have three minutes to solve a one mark question. Six minutes for two marks and 12 minutes for a four mark question. Plan your schedule accordingly for a stress free exam.- In case of answering MCQ you have to WRITE the answer from the options given. Most students just mention 'option (b)' rather than writing what is mentioned in that option.- Diagrams should be labelled rather than using symbols.- Short answers should actually be written 'short', and point wise. Make sure that you highlight the important points in your answers.- Draw diagrams wherever necessary as remember half a mark is for that itself. Another half mark is given just for writing the descriptions for that diagram. The bits will get half mark while and final proper step will get another half mark.- In a three mark question, the figure gets half marks (if diagram is required), description gets you another one mark while steps are also given marks.- For the long answers which carry four marks all the important steps mentioned by you get marks. When solving problems the steps involved in proving mathematical derivation will get you marks as well.- Remember that every question, which is made up of a group of sub-questions, gets its total marks rounded off. So if you score 3.5 marks then it will be counted as 4.- Landmarks are very important and should be highlighted in the derivation process.- For the problem question section, the final answer should be with the proper unit.- Attempt all questions as you will get at least some marks for the steps.- If you have solved all the questions and have time left then attempt the excess ones. You have everything to gain and nothing to loose as you will be marked only for the higher scoring marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12011923", "title": "One held for assault on NID student", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An attempt to meet a friend early in the morning ended up in a fractured hand for a National Institute of Design (NID) student. He filed a complaint of assault, following which Ellisbridge police officials arrested one in connection with the case.According to investigators, Shravan Arvindan, a native of Chennai and living at NID hostel in the city, is an animation course student.He had been to Tirupati Apartment near NID at 4 am on February 16 to meet his friend Ratul Bhaumick. However, when he approached the apartment, he was stopped by Dhirubhai Desai, the watchman of the building. He told him to come back in the morning as he could not allow any outsider to enter at an odd hour. tnn\"It triggered a heated exchange between the two that woke up some of the residents. Hemang, whose full name is not known, came down from the first floor and slapped Shravan for creating the ruckus. When he tried to protest, he was hit by a lathi by Dhirubhai that later resulted in a fracture in his hand. After treatment, he filed a complaint for assault and Dhirubhai was arrested,\" said an Ellisbridge police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12012479", "title": "Sand sale: CBI searches Ezhimala Academy", "text": "KOCHI: The CBI conducted a search at the Indian Naval Academy (INA) at Ezhimala in Kannur on Thursday following allegations of irregularities in the dredging and sale of sand on the academy campus. Several documents and materials have been recovered during the search, CBI sources told TOI here.They said the CBI had registered an FIR on Wednesday following charges that there were irregularities in awarding contract for the work to dredge and remove sand from the Naval Academy.The contract was allegedly awarded to a Singapore-headquartered firm - ASR Dredging Services - in 2009 by Commander Mukundan N Rajeev, who was in charge of construction in the academy. The deal had allegedly led to a loss of Rs 1.4 crore to the national exchequer.The CBI is also searching offices and residences of Asharaf Backer, who is in charge of the ASR Dredging Services in Kochi.CBI sources said the officials at the Naval Academy were initially reluctant to cooperate with the investigation.\"We had gone there with proper warrant, and they wanted us to wait till the officer-in-charge of the academy reached the spot. Though they let us in, we could carry out the search only after the officials came in,\" a CBI officer said.Simultaneous searches were carried out at the Eastern Naval Command, Vishakhapatnam, where Commander Mukundan is serving now after his transfer from the Ezhimala academy. Raids were conducted at his residence at Palakkad as well.Naval officials told TOI that they had been cooperating with the probe. \"We had cooperated with the CBI when they conducted another search at the academy about eight months ago following allegations of illegal trade of timber from the campus. Today's delay in the launch of search could be due to security clearance procedures at the academy,\" a naval official told TOI here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12012312", "title": "Sanskrit makes a comeback, thanks to Wikipedia community", "text": "GURGAON: Acclaimed author and linguist Umberto Eco once compared languages to biological creatures. A language, he said, follows an organic lifespan - it is born, it grows old, and it passes away. If the analogy holds, then Sanskrit, one of the most ancient of tongues which originated in India, seems to be living the last of its grizzled and decrepit years.There has been talk of declaring it a dead language, and some believe that it is only a matter of time before this language too goes the way of ancient Greek and Latin. But this is likely only if the labour and constant endeavours of the Sanskrit community - a body comprising scholars and students of the language present in Gurgaon and other parts of the country - fail to bear fruit.Dr Shreyansh Dwivedi is part of the department of Sanskrit in SCERT, Gurgaon. According to him, contrary to popular notions, Sanskrit is most alive today than it has ever been. \"The trouble is that most people do not realize how much is happening in this field,\" he said.Attempts have been made to help the language evolve to modern standards. Haryana Sanskrit Academy is about to a launch a Sanskrit grammar software for the students of the language. A full-fledged Sanskrit Wikipedia is online, where scholars like Dwivedi and his colleagues are regular contributors. And in Gurgaon, preparations for a new seminar and workshop for the young are under way.\"There is no other language, which is being supported so thoroughly and comprehensively, not just in Gurgaon, but in other parts of the country too,\" said Dwivedi. He added that even those who are teaching Sanskrit in schools and colleges have little idea about how vibrant this sphere is with activity.According to officials of the Haryana Sanskrit Academy, young students are more than willing to go for language degrees in Sanskrit. \"Earlier this month the Delhi Sanskrit Academy held a one-day workshop, where hundreds of young people turned up. It's only a matter of making the language accessible, and Sanskrit will find many takers within no time,\" said an official of the academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12017260", "title": "Farhan Akhtar to train hard for 'Bhaag Milkha Bhaag'", "text": "Actor-director Farhan Akhtar, who is training hard these days to portray legendary sportsman Milkha Singh 'Bhaag Milkha Bhaag', says he is not nervous to portray the icon on the big screen.Directed by Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra, the film also stars Sonam Kapoor in the lead.\"I am lucky to have this role because it's not often that you get to portray an icon on-screen. I am a lot more excited than nervous to take up this challenge... I am training hard for the film and not thinking how big this responsibility is,\" Farhan told PTI.\"The important thing is to focus on the work that is going on and to get myself physically, emotionally and mentally into the character. The excitement is carrying me through on a lot of levels,\" said the actor-director.The film is yet to begin shooting and Farhan admits that it is a challenging role but he does not want to divulge much about his training.\"I am hesitant to discuss too much. It is a part of any character that you play that you need to research and try to get into a good physical condition. This is obviously a little tough because we are trying to portray an extreme athletic but the most crucial thing is to get into the emotional state of mind of the person you are playing,\" he added.Milkha Singh, also known as the flying Sikh, was the first Indian to represent the country in 1960 Olympics in Rome . He was also awarded the Padma Shri in 1959 for his achievements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12013439", "title": "BJP saves blushes as BSY show flops", "text": "BANGALORE: The state BJP leadership on Thursday managed to neutralize BS Yeddyurappa's show of strength here. Only 80-90 of the BJP's 180-plus elected representatives turned up for the luncheon meeting at the former CM's residence in what turned out to be a tame party event.As the numbers were not encouraging, Yeddyurappa himself reportedly made it clear the meeting had not been called to pitch for his return as the CM. With chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, state party president KS Eshwarappa and several RSS leaders making their appearance at the former CM's Race Course Road residence during the day, MLAs, MLCs and MPs from all sections of the party attended the event.\"This is a dry run for the party's brainstorming session on Friday and Saturday. The JD(S) and Congress have started preparations for the next elections. This meeting is to help put party workers in election mode,'' sources quoted Yeddyurappa as telling the invitees.The former CM appeared determined to remain a nagging headache for the party: he'll announce his next course of action on Feb 27, his 69th birthday. Sources close to him said he will not quit the party, though.The CM arrived at Yeddyurappa's residence in the morning and stayed for a few minutes, setting the tone for the day. Eshwarappa, who accompanied the CM, stayed back. Eshwarappa told reporters: \"The legislators and MPs have expressed their opinion . Minor conflicts will be resolved .\" A group of leaders will meet party chief Nitin Gadkari, who arrived in the city late at night.The RSS representatives - justice (retd) M Rama Jois, P V Krishna Bhat and Narayan Sa Bandage - asserted that this was not the time to change the leader. A Yeddyurappa opponent said the former CM's followers did not show the determination seen during Gowda's election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016380", "title": "Rahat\u2019s love song for Bhatts", "text": "The singer did not charge a fee for a song in Mahesh Bhatt's Blood MoneyRahat Fateh Ali Khan normally charges Rs 1 lakh for lending his voice to songs. But not for the Bhatts. Rahat, who remembers and respects Mahesh and Mukesh Bhatt for supporting him when he needed it the most has sung for their upcoming film Blood Money for free. The song, Chahat is his way of paying back for their kindness, says the singer.According to a source close to Sony music , the song was recorded in Dubai a few months back since Rahat at the time was unable to come to India. \"He had made it clear that he did not want any fee for the song strictly due to emotional reasons,\" said the source.Speaking to Mumbai Mirror from Pakistan, Rahat confirmed the news and added, \"Bhatt saab supported me and gave me an opportunity when nobody really knew me in the industry. Later, when I got embroiled in legal hassles, he was the only person to come forward and give me support. At the time, others were simply avoiding me since they did not want to get into trouble. Apart from that, Bhatt saab has also played a major role in trying to rebuild Indo-Pak relations. I hold him in very high regard.\"Talking about his relationship with the singer, Mahesh Bhatt said, \"During Paap, my daughter Pooja's husband identified Rahat's song Mann Ki Lagan. Pooja included it in her film though well-wishers advised her otherwise. Later, in Kalyug, Rahat sang Jiya Dhadak Dhadak. Both songs went on to become hits. And Rahat became popular. When he was caught in legal trouble, the people from the industry chose to stay away. I, however, believed that though he has broken the law, he couldn't be termed as a terrorist. I defended him openly. It's his way of saying 'Shukriya'.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011756", "title": "Congress leaders fight over poll defeat in BMC canteen", "text": "MUMBAI: Still smarting from the poll debacle, two Congress leaders from M-West ward (Chembur)-Nirmala Singh and Kisan Mistry-were involved an ugly altercation at the BMC headquarters canteen on Thursday.Both Singh and Mistry were corporators in the previous civic House . Singh was given a ticket to contest from ward 144 this time. Mistry, who was the corporator from the same ward in the last term, lost the seat after the ward was reserved for women. Singh, however, lost in the polls.Singh alleged that Mistry assaulted her on Thursday and also blamed her for his defeat. \"He said I got the ticket through improper means. He used foul language and pushed me in front of others,\" she said. TOI tried contacting Mistry, but he was not available for comment.Singh informed her party superiors about the incident, which occurred when she and her colleagues had gone to the canteen for a tea break. A senior officer from the Azad Maidan police station said: \"A case has been lodged against Mistry. We are looking into the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12013110", "title": "Mayawati calls Ajit Singh opportunist", "text": "LUCKNOW: Addressing an election rally here on Thursday, chief minister Mayawati stated that Rashtriya Lok Dal president Chaudhury Ajit Singh believed in the politics of opportunity. Using the same tool, she said, he always stays close to power quarters. In this way, he neglected the interest of the farmers whom Ajit Singh claims to represent. It may be noted that it is for the first time that BSP chief has launched a direct attack on the RLD leader. \"He showed the dream of Harit Pradesh but has failed to bring development in the area,\" she said adding that the party is out to cheat the people once again which stands proved in their alliance with the Congress Party.The rally was held in Baghpat and Panchsheelnagar. Targetting the congress Party she said, \"Poverty, inflation and unemployment have reached their maximum under the reign of Congress at the center. It is also responsible for poor state of affairs in UP where they ruled for 40 years.\" Stating that Congress party's policy was chiefly responsible for problems being faced by the common man she said it was essential to keep them away from power. Citing the example of UPA's policy for foreign direct investment, \"the FDI would make survival of small-scale industries, businessmen and entrepreneurs' difficult.\"Mayawati said that BSP was the only party which made 'serious' efforts to bring real development of Western UP. However, many projects failed because of the centre held back a long due Rs 80,000 crore development package for the state. Accusing the Congress of being corrupt, Mayawati said the party was involved in scams worth Rs.20 lakh crore. Enumerating another achievement, she said that UP government paid cane purchase price which was two times of what the other states paid. She added that introduction of a new land acquisition policy was also yet another important decision taken by her government to ensure the well being of the farmers. She also lauded herself for creating more districts and proposing division of UP into smaller states to promote faster growth.The CM alleged that Samajwadi Party (SP) was a party of goons. \"During their rule, the poor were oppressed and women were afraid to come out of their houses after dark,\" she said. Describing the BJP as a communal party, Mayawati said her government deserved credit for maintaining law and order in the wake of the high court verdict on the Babri Masjid issue. She didn't even spare the Election Commission. She alleged the poll panel was biased towards the Congress. This became apparent from its order to cover the elephants - the symbol of the BSP, she alleged. The symbols of all other parties were spared, she said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12009723", "title": "Rural pockets witness impressive voting", "text": "KANPUR: Rural and semi-rural pockets of the district witnessed a huge turnout of voters during the fifth phase of assembly election on Thursday. Long queues of voters were visible at many polling stations in Bithoor, Maharajpur, Billhaur, Kalyanpur and Ghatampur assembly constituencies.The highest turnout of voters was in Bithoor constituency where 63.68% voters turned up to vote. Billhaur recorded 60.92% polling, Ghatampur 57.5%, Maharajpur 57.9% and semi-rural Kalyanpur reported 50.62% voting till 5 pm.The politically sensitive Maharajpur constituency remained calm and no untoward instances, except verbal arguments, were reported from this area. Personnel of para-military forces were posted at sensitive booths in all assembly constituencies.A micro observer at Ram Lala Inter College in semi-rural Kalyanpur assembly said that polling was slow till 8 am, but it picked up gradually in the second half of the day. At a basic primary school polling station in Singhpur Kachhar, Bithoor, long queues of voters were witnessed till 5 pm.In Ishwariganj village of Bithoor too, one could see a huge number of voters standing in long queues at around 5 pm. The area of 200 metres demarcated as 'no disturbance zone' remained under the close watch of para-military forces and election observers, thus giving no opportunity to mischievous elements to play spoilsport.\"One could hardly see any political activity in the periphery of 200 metres,\" said Kake Singh, a voter in Dhankaupur on Mainawati Marg. Roadside dhabas, tea kiosks and other small shops near polling booths remained closed at most of the places.Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12012569", "title": "Cop arrested for taking bribe", "text": "JAIPUR: A station house officer (SHO) in Udaipur was caught red-handed by the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Thursday while accepting bribe for not torturing a robbery case accused. Bhoma Singh, the SHO involved, was posted at the Mandawa police station. \"One Bhoma Gameti had approached the ACB complaining that the SHO was demanding bribe of Rs 10,000 not to make his son Honia an accused in the case that took place a month ago and another Rs 5000 for not torturing a relative Rajia at the police station,\" said IG, ACB DC Jain.Patients share grievances with Dhariwal: Patients at Kanwatia hospital, conveyed their grievances with the minister in charge of the city, Shanti Dhariwal, who inspected the hospital on Thursday. They complained that though chief minister's free medicines scheme was on still they had to buy medicines from outside. Dhariwal directed the hospital officials to ensure that all medicines are given free of cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12012575", "title": "Civic body to distribute waste bins", "text": "KOCHI: In an effort to find a solution to the solid waste management issues, the Kalamaserry municipality will distribute waste bins to households with an intention of segregating waste at the source itself. As part of the Rs 14 lakh project that is being implemented by the local body under the JNNURM project, waste bins will be distributed to about 25,000 households.Jamal Manakkadan, municipal chairman said that by implementing the project, they would be able to segregate waste at the source before it is taken to the dumping yard. \"Currently biodegradable and non-degradable waste is collected together, which needs to be segregated before it is processed and is a tedious task. Our aim is to provide two waste bins each to every household,\" he said.\"Earlier, the waste was collected in plastic bags by Kudumbashree workers, who were collecting waste from households. By providing waste bins, we are planning to reduce the use of plastic bags in the locality,\" said T S Aboobakkar, health standing committee chairman. \"We are also planning to call a meeting of the locals, health department and Kudumbashree workers to discuss about the issue,\" he added.The initiative is a part of an on-going project to construct a waste treatment plant near Appolo Tyres in Kalamaserry Junction.\"We have inspected a few waste treatment plant models that can be installed in Kalamaserry. Once we get administrative sanction from the government, we will start to setup the plant with the help of Kochi Corporation,\" said the chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12010798", "title": "For auto drivers, it's business as usual", "text": "BHOPAL: With auto drivers showing marked reluctance to use calibrated meters, there is no respite for commuters using three-wheeler in the city. Despite repeated efforts by the civic bodies, the situation has not changed a bit.\"There is a lot of difference between the unmetered and metered rates\" Collector Nikunj Shivastav said. \"We have asked the weight and measures department and the traffic police to revise rates accordingly, \"he added.At a recent meeting with the Divisional Railway Manager (DRM) and the district administration, auto-rickshaws have been barred from entering the railway station premises to pick passengers without pre-paid slips.\"We are slapping fines, but there is still no improvement,\" Additional Superintendent of Police (Traffic) Monika Shukla said.\"Despite many steps from the administration, auto drivers are not wiling to mend their ways and they continue to demand more,\" SK Malviya, a resident of Karond, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12010726", "title": "E-way firm ignored steps offered by administration, police", "text": "GURGAON: In the past one-and-a-half years the Gurgaon police and the district administration have suggested innumerable solutions to ease the unending traffic woes to the private concessionaire of the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway as well as NHAI.However, failing to comply with most on some pretext or the other has only added to the mess.In order to decongest the mess at the toll plazas at both the Delhi-Gurgaon border and Kherki Dhaula, the police had suggested to the concessionaire to implement a design in order to stagger the toll plazas in a Z-shape. This was after the police officials were apprised by the NHAI of a stay which prevented further expansion of toll lanes.To ease the movement of pedestrians between 20 villages falling on the stretch between Rajiv Chowk and Kherki Dhaula, the city police had suggested that the construction of three FOBs was necessary. However, so far only one at Raj Nagar Mor has been made.The department had also suggested to both the NHAI and DSC Ltd to make a separate exit for traffic soon after the Shanker Chowk flyover for commuters headed towards DLF Phase II and III without having to exit at Ambience Mall or go up to IFFCO Chowk. However, they have so far not been implemented.Some of the issues like expansion of service lanes and making additional entry exits have been pending due to lack of co-ordination among departments like HUDA, the MCG and some private developers who have so far not provided additional land for expansion in their green belts.On occasions, industrialists had even tried to get an access to Udyog Vihar from a fully constructed HSIIDC road adjacent to the Delhi-Gurgaon border. However, the concessionaire had taken the plea that by such a road would bypass a lot of traffic from the toll plaza and would lead to a revenue loss. They had sought to build an extended toll plaza at the junction but so far the road remains closed.The traffic police had also suggested that the concessionaire put up CCTVs and speed sensors on the stretch but the concessionaire has not acted upon it citing one pretext or the other.52 high-resolution cameras installed at toll plazasIt seems the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway concessionaire has finally decided to implement some suggested steps. DSC Ltd has installed high-resolution night vision cameras in all lanes at the KM 24 and KM 42 toll plazas. These are high-resolution built-in varifocus length black IR LED (Infra Red Light Emitting Diode) cameras.Thirty-six cameras have been installed at the KM 24 toll plaza and 16 at the KM 42 toll plaza. These cameras will illuminate objects up to 50 metres and are capable of capturing clear images in very low-light levels and are ideal for night environment. Backlight and Highlight features are in-built in these cameras. The Backlight composition nullifies any light coming from behind and Highlight composition is the antiglare feature. Each camera will have a back-end recording system", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12013207", "title": "Municipal corporation sealing drive at bus stand", "text": "LUDHIANA: Municipal corporation officials on Thursday carried out a sealing drive at the city bus stand against the non payment of house tax. The officials sealed the office of the private company that maintains the bus stand and also the fees counter at the bus stand's exit point where buses have to deposit money before starting.MC has to recover Rs 1.67 crore from bus stand as house tax.For the past three years, a tussle has been on between the transport authorities and private company that maintains the city bus stand. While the former want the company to pay the tax because they are generating revenue from the bus stand, the company is not willing. Till last year the recoverable amount was Rs 71.05 lakh that has now increased to Rs 1.67 crore.Last week, MC officials conducted a meeting with company representatives who sought some time for clearing their dues. However, their deadline was Wednesday.Confirming the sealing, superintendent (house tax) Hartej Singh said, \"It was decided that the company will pay the dues but since it has overshot the time that was given to it, we have sealed the office. We were assured that the dues would be cleared by Wednesday. We had to take the required step because they failed.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011766", "title": "Want ticket, get a crowd: BJP\u2019s fiat", "text": "NEW DELHI: In order to ensure that a BJP workers' meet at Ramlila Grounds on Sunday is well-attended, the party has apparently told its councillors - as well as the hopefuls - that they should bring at least five busloads of people with them in order to stay in the race for a ticket.They will, of course, have to pay for the arrangements themselves.Senior BJP leaders like LK Advani, Venkaiah Naidu and Vijay Goel will be addressing the meeting.After 50% of the seats for the civic elections were reserved for women , many councillors who have lost their fiefdom are queuing up outside the party office. The order to gather a crowd was given at a meeting on Thursday.\"We were asked to get 10 people from each polling booth. On an average, each ward has 30-50 booths,\" said a BJP councillor who didn't wish to be named. \"Gathering 300-500 people would mean at least five buses. Hiring a bus will cost about Rs 2500-3000. If we don't fall in line, we may lose out on tickets,\" said another BJP councillor.A senior BJP leader confirmed this. \"It is a party workers' meet and every worker will participate in it. We will chalk out a plan on how to go about the elections,\" said Subhash Arya, leader of the House.The Congress, an old hand at drumming up support for putting up such a show of strength, hasn't lost the opportunity to criticize the BJP for its actions.\"It is the councillors' work that should speak, but here they are gathering people in order to show their support,\" said JK Sharma, leader of the Opposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12012783", "title": "Tribesmen protest drone attacks in Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Thousands of tribesmen in Pakistan's northwestern North Waziristan tribal region on Thursday protested against American drone attacks in the region and the burning of the Quran at a US base in Afghanistan.Reports said over 2,000 people gathered in Miranshah town - the region's capital - to denounce the Pakistani government and the US over the attacks.They shouted slogans like \"death to the US\" and \"death to Obama\" and set fire to the US flag and Obama's effigy while demanding compensation for the victims of the drone attacks. Businesses remained shuttered.Around 250 drone strikes have been reported in the region along the Afghanistan border since 2009, the year Obama took office.Drone strikes were halted for over two months in November, 2011 after NATO forces killed 24 Pakistani soldiers. The attacks were resumed on January 10 and North Waziristan has witnessed most of these strikes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12013723", "title": "Himachal: Khimi inducted as forest, tribal affairs minister", "text": "SHIMLA: Former BJP state chief Khimi Ram, who was inducted into the Himachal Pradesh cabinet on Thursday to fill the lone vacant berth, has been made the forest minister with additional responsibility as minister for tribal development.A two-time legislator from Banjar in Kullu district, Khimi had resigned as state BJP president recently. In a House of 68 legislators, the total strength of ministry is now 12 - a permissible limit.Khimi was administered the oath of office and secrecy by governor Urmila Singh at the Raj Bhawan. However, many prominent senior party leaders, including city legislator Suresh Bhardwaj and those considered loyalists of chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal , stayed away from the swearing-in ceremony.\"Prior engagements may have kept away some members, as the swearing-in ceremony was convened at a short notice,\" Dhumal told media persons.The cabinet berth had been vacant ever since J P Nadda resigned as forest minister in March 2010, to join national BJP president Nitin Gadkari's team at Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12013092", "title": "Bail for another AMRI director", "text": "KOLKATA: The Alipore court on Thursday granted bail to gynaecologist Pronab Dasgupta in the AMRI fire case.Dasgupta, a director at the AMRI hospitals, also heads the East Bengal soccer club and the century-old Calcutta Club. He was arrested on January 27 from his Ballygunge home for the fire at the hospitals' Dhakuria unit that claimed 91 lives last December.Dasgupta is the third AMRI director to get bail. On February 3, the Alipore court granted bail to nonagenarian Mani Chhetri on health grounds. On February 18, the Calcutta high court granted bail to R S Agarwal. Lawyers representing Dasgupta - S K Kapoor, Ravi Kapoor, Yezdi Dastoor and S N Mukherjee - argued Dasgupta was in Dhaka to attend a medical conference and returned to Kolkata only on December 16. The fire took place on December 9. \"There wasn't any reason to abscond and escape law. He is a well-known citizen of Kolkata and a famous medical practitioner,\" the lawyers said.Pronab Dasgupta's lawyers told the Alipore court on Thursday he was only a non-executive director on the AMRI Board. \"He is neither an AMRI shareholder nor has any propriety interest in AMRI. He has a reputation of four-decades and has no antecedents of any offence. Where is the question of tampering with evidence and influencing witness?\" the defence counsel argued. The court was also informed that Dasgupta had only attended one AMRI Board meeting in 2011 - in March.Public prosecutor Shakti Bhattacharya argued Dasgupta was wellaware of the fire hazards the basement posed. \"He parked his car not in the basement car-park but in the portico. Why? Wasn't he aware that the basement car park has been unauthorisedly converted into warehouses and offices?,\" Bhattacharya argued opposing the bail plea.Judge Anindya Bhattacharya then granted bail to Dasgupta on two sureties of Rs 15,000 each, asked him to surrender his passport and go to the police station (of his residence) twice a week and directed him not to leave Kolkata without the court's permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12012580", "title": "Fugitive from Haryana may have killed himself: Cops", "text": "JAIPUR: Investigations into the death of the fugitive, Surendra alias Dathu (29) from Haryana took a new turn on Thursday when the Jaipur police got clues indicating that bullet wounds could have been self-inflicted.According to police officers here, the investigations conducted so far seem to indicate that after noticing that Haryana police was chasing him, Dathu might have killed himself.The medical report of the deceased, who was earlier suspected to have been gunned down by rivals, suggested that the bullet was fired from a point blank range and the circumstances under which he was found dead suggested that the bullet injuries could be self-inflicted.\"It was earlier believed that the bullet had hit Dathu from behind and pierced his heart. But the medical board in its post-mortem report mentioned that the bullet was fired from the front and first pieced his heart and then passed through his back. It is giving us enough reasons to believe that it could be self-inflicted,\" commissioner of police B L Soni said.\"A sophisticated pistol which was recovered was on his right hand and an empty shell was also found,\" he said adding that FSL and ballistic reports will shed more light on the case.Soni added that police were looking for one Vikas who had called up Surendra on Tuesday and asked him to come to Narain Singh Circle.Earlier, Jaipur police was also working on an angle that the incident could be an encounter with the Haryana police but several things relating to the case changed their belief.\"There is a possibility that Haryana police could be accompanying Vikas and had compelled him to call up Dathu since they were looking for him. Dathu after seeing the policemen could have killed himself,\" a senior police officer investigating the case said.Another reason why police believed it to be a case of suicide is the statement of his accomplice Teerath Singh who was arrested by the Jaipur police on Wednesday.\"In his statement, Teerath, who was close to Dathu, said he (Dathu) had told him that he will never let the police nab him and would rather prefer to kill himself. His statement also consolidates the suicide theory,\" a senior police officer said.However, police said they have not ruled out the fact that Dathu was on the run and could have been attacked by a rival gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12012338", "title": "24-year-old qualifies to judge international yoga exams", "text": "NASHIK: Durga Jadhav (24), a yoga and Judo teacher from Nashik has been awarded the International Jury Certificate in a competition conducted by the government of Karnataka recently. The certificate qualifies her to be on the panel of judges for international yoga exams.Durga also won an International Yoga certificate for the International Yogasana and Title Championship 2012. Around 1,000 people of various ages from India, Hongkong , Malaysia and Thailand participated in the competition. Durga stood fifth among the 18 participants in the 21-25 age group for the International Yogasana and Title Championship 2012 conducted by SGS International Yoga Foundation College and Research Centre, India, in collaboration with the department of AYUSH ( ayurveda , yoga and naturopathy, unani, siddha and homeopathy) and the department of youth services, government of Karnataka.\"For the asana competition, nine participants were shortlisted from the 18 and I stood fifth among these nine,\" said Durga. She secured a B grade in the exam for International Jury Certificate. The exams were held between February 6 and 9 at the Kanteerava Indoor Stadium in Bangalore. The international yoga conference was held between February 9 and 13. For the jury certificate, the participants were judged on their knowledge about the various aspects of yoga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12012013", "title": "UP govt has failed to sustain industries in Noida: Congress", "text": "NOIDA: The Congress on Thursday said that the UP government had failed to address the basic purpose for which Noida was established in 1976. MoS for petroleum, RPN Singh said that the industrial township was built for all-round economic development of all sections of society. \"However, in the last two decades, successive governments have failed to live up to this basic premise and made it into a den of corruption,\" added Singh.Singh, who was in Noida to oversee the arrangements scion Rahul Gandhi's first-ever rally in the city on Friday, said that it was with the foresight of the Congress that Noida was developed as a satellite industrial township that would provide jobs and employment through industrialization. \"In the entire Uttar Pradesh, no other township with a clear focus on industrialization has ever been developed after that,\" said Singh.Party workers were seen making arrangements for the rally in Noida Stadium in sector 21A. Rahul Gandhi, after his rallies in Jewar and Noida, is expected to address a rally in Dadri on February 26, which is the last day of campaigning for the sixth phase of polls.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12013063", "title": "UT seeks Rs 800cr, funds for metro in planned budget", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT administration put up a demand for nearly Rs 800 crore for the planned budget in financial year 2012-13, before the Centre in a meeting held in Delhi, on Thursday. The budget projection is 17% more than the annual budget of Rs 661.89 crore allocated.Apart from increased budget for health and education, UT has sought additional amount for the metro project under the plan budget. For financial year 2011-12, the Centre had allocated an amount of Rs 661.89 crore to the city under planned budget. Chandigarh had received Rs 1646.53 crore under non-plan budget for fiscal year 2011-12.Sources said the planned budget heads includes health, education and infrastructure. The preservation of Sukhna Lake and defining the heritage of the city, particularly cultural and existing buildings, find a special mention. Developmental projects for the newly developed sectors of the city have been separately specified in the budget.In the 2011-12 budget presented by Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on February 28 last year, there was a hike of Rs 259.21 crore (43%) in the total budget, both under planned and the non-planned heads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011832", "title": "Yacht enthusiasts may sail over to Gujarat", "text": "MUMBAI: Sudhir Naik, a boating enthusiast in the city, has to take a dinghy from the Gateway of India to board his swanky yacht in deep waters as there is no marina or jetty to anchor it. His pollution-free, affordable ride with family is rarely possible owing to this. Even three years after 26/11, Ajmal Kasab haunts Mumbai's yachting and kayaking enthusiasts, with tough licensing and security resulting in limitations of basic infrastructure facilities needed for the industry to grow. Thanks to the city administration's apathy, Gujarat's tourism industry on Thursday tried to woo city yacht enthusiasts and boating companies.\"Lack of good marinas and non-availability of a single-window authority for licensing and inspection of private boats and monitoring security on and off the waters has stalled the growth. I am sure the day a marina is built, the 200 private yachts and boats at the Gateway will double up in a year. More marinas will in fact lower security risks too,\" said Maneck Davar, chairman, Mumbai Boat Show Pvt Ltd.Davar said water transport was emerging as a necessity in Mumbai region with huge tourism potential and was in no way a hobby or luxury for elitists.Davar told TOI on the sidelines of the Mumbai International Boat Show at MMRDA grounds at the Bandra-Kurla Complex that the boating and yachting industry worldwide was looking at India due to stability in the market despite recession. \"This is the time when the opportunity to grow has come. Mumbai, the state and country should not miss it,\" said Davar. Last year, the Mumbai show witnessed the sale of yachts and boats worth Rs100 crore. There are over 2,000 boating enthusiasts and as according to a study, over two lakh people are ready to use water transportation as a daily mode.Capt Soli Contractor, retired Indian Navy official and regional coordinator of the National Maritime Foundation, said the number of people taking to weekend boating, yachting and kayaking had rapidly increased and will continue to do so. \"People are ready to put pontoons at the small shipway near the Gateway but the authorities are not permitting it. Many want to buy new yachts and boats but the basic question is where will they anchor and maintain them. For security, laying restrictions is okay, but depriving people of boating is disgusting,\" he pointed out.\"If the situation fails to improve, the industry will shift to states,\" he added.Davar said the state and country had a huge coastline but there are no good marinas, except in Kochi.\"The Indian yacht industry is worth over Rs1,000 crore. It is ready to take off further but infrastructure limitations and lack of a focused policy are creating major hurdles,\" said Davar. He said a Mumbaikar has to pay 23-30% customs duty, which is not the case in other developed countries, for a yacht. \"Families which want to enjoy a trip to Alibaug in an hour at Rs5,000-7,000 are deprived of a pollution-free ride,\" said Naik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12011813", "title": "Bhatt questions SIT's intentions", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt on Thursday questioned intentions of Supreme Court appointed Special Investigation Team (SIT) for not putting the evidence provided by him with regard to Godhra carnage case, on record of the trial court, which convicted 31 persons last year.Bhatt alleged that if SIT had used the phone call records that he had collected while he was DCP with the State Intelligence Bureau, for prosecuting the accused, it would have brought out the fact that Godhra train burning incident was unlikely to have been premeditated, thereby demolishing the conspiracy theory.\"In November 2009, during course of my deposition in connection with an enquiry entrusted to SIT by the SC, I had provided seven original floppies containing phone call records of all the AT&T; and Celforce mobile phones operating in Godhra on 26 and 27 February 2002 to SIT member A K Malhotra,\" Bhatt said adding it was provided with a request to share the same with the team investigating Godhra train burning incident. tnn &amp; agencies\"But when I asked the SIT member (Malhotra) in March 2011, if the data provided by me was used by them, he said they were yet to see the data. This action of theirs puts question mark on their intentions on using the data provided to them,\" Bhatt said. TNN &amp; AgenciesBhatt was of the opinion that a proper analysis of the said data would have \"brought out the fact that the Godhra incident was unlikely to have been premeditated, thereby demolishing the so-called conspiracy theory.\"In March last year, a trial court had awarded death penalty to 11 persons and life imprisonment to 20 others, and acquitted 63 others in the Godhra carnage case.The suspended IPS officer has been approached by a lawyer representing some of the convicts of the Godhra carnage case, who have appealed against the verdict of trial court in the High court. He wants to use the phone call data for their defence.The lawyer has sought the phone call data which was submitted to the SIT. Bhatt has in a letter to the lawyer asked him to approach the SIT as the original record is with the agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011775", "title": "Hike in BEST bus tariff put on hold for now", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena has decided to put the proposed BEST bus fare hike on hold. Instead, the party has asked its senior members on the BEST committee to look for alternative sources of increasing revenue for the loss-making transport body.On Thursday, the BEST administration presented the proposal for a fare hike-ranging from Re 1 to Rs 6-before the Sena-run committee. The proposal was, however, kept in abeyance and did not come up for discussion during the two-hour meeting. The Congress members on the panel were prepared to oppose it \"tooth and nail\". But before they could do that, their Sena counterparts expressed reservations about the fare hike.Speaking to the media after the meeting, BEST committee chairperson Sunil Shinde said: \"We are not keen on discussing the fare hike issue at the moment. We will first look at alternatives, such as raising revenue through the commercialization of bus stations, increasing the advertisement budget for BEST and earning through hoardings at our depots.\" He added that the discussion on the administration's proposal would come up in the coming meetings.A new BEST committee is expected to be formed by March 9 and the onus of deciding on the fare hike would be on them. Sources say the present panel does not want to take the responsibility of increasing ticket prices.Congress member Ravi Raja said: \"I am sure the proposal has been discussed with the Sena before being brought for clearance. Sainiks should come clean on the issue. Are they interested in putting the burden on the common man?\"A senior Sena functionary rubbished Raja's allegations and said they would arrive at a solution soon. A BEST official, however, said increasing fares was an \"urgent necessity\".Power price pangsYou may have to end up paying more for electricity in the island city as the Shiv Sena-run BEST committee has expressed its \"helplessness\" in preventing a hike in power tariff. TOI had reported on the matter in its February 22 edition. A committee member said: \"Our suggestions will be noted by the administration and presented before the MERC. However, the ball is in MERC's court and it will decide on the tariff hike issue.\"Tardeo tower rowBEST committee member Ravi Raja alleged that a 34-storeyed tower in Tardeo was given temporary electricity connection by BEST for construction, but eight residents were consuming power \"illegally\". However, a resident said the occupants had legal documents and were in the process of getting a sub-station set up for permanent power supply. Officials said they would look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12012256", "title": "Boy held for 'rape' of girlfriend in Patna", "text": "PATNA: In yet another love story going awry, police on Thursday arrested a BCom student who allegedly sexually exploited his girlfriend for over a year after promising to marry her.The girl resides in Janata Flats under the Kankerbagh police station area while the boy, Neeraj Kumar, who claimed to be a BCom student at a Pune college, was staying at Chitragupta Nagar to prepare for competitive examinations.Patrakarnagar police station SHO Dhirendra Pandey said the boy was in an intimate relationship with the girl who is an engineering student of a private college. After he refused to tie the knot, the girl gulped sleeping pills on Tuesday in an abortive bid to commit suicide, the SHO said and added she lodged a complaint with police on Wednesday, alleging rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12011291", "title": "Tollywood film lands in title trouble", "text": "HYDERABAD: 'Munni' in 'Dabangg' may have survived the Zandu Balm controversy to hit the screens but now a Telugu film has now run into problems with a leading mobiles manufacturing company. On Thursday, the title of Manchu Manoj-starrer 'Mr Nokia' had to be changed abruptly just a few days ahead of the film's release.It is learnt that the film ran into trouble with Nokia company over the title and the film's name had to be changed hurriedly to prevent it from getting entangled in legal problems. The audio of the movie in which Manchu Manoj, son of a well-known actor-producer Mohan Babu, is featuring was released last month. The posters of the film have also appeared all over with the title Mr Nokia and the movies trailers are also out.The film's producer D S Rao on Thursday said that the title of the film was changed to 'Mr Nookayya'. This is perhaps for the first time that a Telugu film title ran into trouble with a company over copyright violations and the makers of the film had to settle for an awkward sounding title.However, this is not the first time that the Telugu film titles have landed in controversies. Last year, Mahesh Babu-starrer 'Khaleja' had to go through a legal hitch. The title `Khaleja' had been registered with the A P Film Chamber of Commerce by a different producer. In a bid to overcome the problem, Mahesh Babu's film was titled `Mahesh Khaleja'.Telangana activists also forced title change of Pawan Kalyan's film 'Komaram Puli'. Taking objection to the use of the name `Komaram', a revolutionary leader from Telangana district of Adilabad, the T activists had warned of dire consequences if the film was released with the title `Komaram Puli'. The name `Komaram' was dropped from the title and the film was released as `Puli' after efforts to appease the T activists failed. Though T-activists took objection to `Teenmaar' title in which Pawan Kalyan starred last year, the title was not changed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016711", "title": "Ambuli gets a sequel", "text": "This is probably the quickest sequel ever planned in Kollywood.Yes, while it took almost four years for the makers of Billa and Muni to come up with a second installments, Billa 2 and Kaanchana, directors Hari Shankar and Hareesh Narayan have announced their plans of making a sequel to their Ambuli 3D, just a week after its release!Says Hari Shankar, \"When our producer, Loganaathan, saw the film in its post production stage, he told us to get ready with the story for a sequel. We've added a lead scene towards the end of the film to suggest there's a second installment to it. We have started working on the storyline for the sequel and will start rolling soon. It will take off from Dehradun where the original ends. We also have plans of adapting new technology and roping in top stars, along with the rest of the cast from the first part.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12011863", "title": "Communalism weeded out from Gujarat, govt claims", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Gujarat government has made a tall claim that it has \"weeded out communalism, casteism, regionalism\" from the state by creating an atmosphere of \"peace, unity and fraternity\". The claim was part of the speech delivered by Gujarat Governor Dr Kamla ahead of the start of the month-long state assembly session, which began in Gandhinagar on Thursday.Prepared and approved under the direct guidance of the Cabinet, the governor's speech, running into 24 pages, is supposed to be a statement of achievements of the state government over the last one year.The speech, running into 24 pages, was deemed as read immediately after the governor began it, as the Opposition Congress MLAs began shouting slogans asking the government to explain its successes in black and white instead of allegedly making empty claims. As the MLAs shouted slogans, calling the government anti-farmer, the governor cut short her speech, and left the House .The speech said the atmosphere of peace, unity and fraternity has been \"institutionalized\" through chief minister Narendra Modi's 36 Sadbhavana fasts in different districts and big towns during interaction with lakhs of people.In order to suggest how the Gujarat government has shown Sadbhavana to Muslims, the speech devoted a special section on the welfare of minorities. It said the literacy rate among the Muslim community in Gujarat is 73.5 per cent compared to the national literacy rate of 59.1 per cent. Interestingly, at another place, Gujarat's overall literacy rate has been put at 79.31 per cent.Further, the speech said, the per capita income among the Muslim community in both the rural and urban areas of Gujarat is Rs 688 compared to the national average of Rs 553, and the per capita income among the Muslim community in the urban areas of Gujarat is Rs 875, both is higher than the national average.compared to the national per capita income of Rs 804.The speech added, during the current year, 2.28 lakh minority students have been granted scholarships worth Rs 4.63 crore and 5,500 students have been granted scholarships worth Rs 30 lakh for higher secondary, technical and professional courses till December 2011.Further, it said, during the current year, merit-cum-means scholarships amounting to Rs 1.43 crore were granted to 710 students and post-metric scholarships worth Rs 7 crore were granted to 14,000 students.The Gujarat government used Governor Dr Kamla's speech for criticizing the Government of India for delaying the implementation of projects worth Rs 40,000 crore along the state's coastline. Referring to the Union environment ministry coastal regulation zone (CRZ) notification of January 2011, the speech said, it has delayed the projects, taking shape on the less eroded coastline of Gujarat. These projects, it points out, are mainly related with creating port facilities.Pointing out that under the CRZ notification, it would take two years for obtaining environmental clearance, the speech said, \"Earlier, the state government had the powers to accord approval to CRZ... Now these powers vest in the Central government. Representation was made to the Government of India in August 2011 for modifying the said CRZ notification.\"The speech also criticizes the Government of India for failing to compensate to the tune of Rs 2,750.14 crore for the loss suffered by the state government on account of the Central Sales Tax up to December 2011. The claims have been sent after obtaining necessary certificate from the Accountant General, Gujarat, for the year 2010-11, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "jhansi/jalaun/lalitpur", "code": "12013509", "title": "UP polls: Bundelkhand votes for development", "text": "JHANSI/JALAUN/LALITPUR: Hoping that development will not be relegated to the background at the cost of politics, voters in the three districts of Bundelkhand -- Jhansi, Jalaun and Lalitpur -- turned up in large numbers at polling booths on Thursday. Lalitpur in fact topped the fifth phase with nearly 71% polling. Both Jhansi and Jalaun posted approximately 60%.Enthusiasm was witnessed among women in Jhansi Sadar constituency which is witnessing a keen contest between Congress's Brijendra Kumar Vyas and Ravi Sharma of BJP. SP and BSP have fielded Asfan Siddiqui and Sitaram Kushwaha respectively. In 2007 Pradeep Aditya Jain won this seat for Congress, but BSP's Kailash Sahu wrested the seat in the bypoll which took place after Jain became an MP and subsequently a Union minister. Jain, who came to the city to vote, said that first-time voters have jacked up the polling percentage.Voters said that the need of the hour is holistic development of the region as a whole. Housewife, Seema Kaushik, who had come to cast her vote at a polling station in a school in Jhansi city said that better facilities for girls in Bundelkhand is what is essentially needed.The city, for long, has been subject of discussion after it was projected as the de facto capital of Bundelkhand region. Voters, however, said that the status of a separate state has been nothing but politics. Though, quite a few said that a separate state would bring prosperity to the cities in the region. Interestingly, Jhansi Sadar is also the seat from where actor-turned-politician Raja Bundela is contesting as a candidate of Bundelkhand Congress. Babina constituency in Jhansi too witnessed a huge turnout of voters who sought change for better development of the constituency which has bad roads lack of other basic facilities. The seat, which was a reserved one till 2007, when BSP's Ratan Lal Ahirwar won it, has been reserved this time. Sanjeev Yadav, a voter, said, \"I want change, a positive and developing one.\" Significantly, BSP here too changed its candidate and replaced Ahirwar with Krishnapal Singh Rajput. He is being challenged by Rajendra Singh Yadav of Congress, Chandrapal Singh Yadav of SP and Shyam Sunder Singh of BJP.Change, if not anti-incumbency, appeared playing its role in Mauranipur constituency that was won by BSP in 2007 assembly elections. Voters said that they were unsatisfied the way the constituency was served. ``All political parties do blame each other but ultimately it is us who suffer. I would like to vote for a candidate who will improve quality of life of people in the area,'' said Rajeev Arjaria, who had come to cast his vote for the first time.No wonder BSP changed its candidate here also, replacing its sitting MLA Bhagwati Prasad Sagar with Rajendra Ahirwar. He faces a tough competition from Paragilal Ahirwar of BJP and Biharilal Arya of Congress.Similar views were aired by voters in Garautha where SP's Deep Narayan Singh faces challenge from Ranjit Singh Judeo of Congress. ``I wish things to change,'' said 80-year-old Chhedi Lal Gautam as he stepped slowly while emerging out of a polling booth in Gursarai. Jalaun is another district in Bundlekhand which has though registered development in the past few years but it has not been able to keep pace with people expectations. ``Lack of enough educational facilities continue to haunt the district,'' said Prof Ramu Gautam, a voter at Arya Kanya Inter College, New Ramnagar in Orai constituency, where a keen contest brews up between Congress's Ramadhin and Shankar Verma of BJP. Ramadhin has been an aide of BSP founder Kanshiram before he switched loyalties. Giving them a tough competition are Dayashankar of SP and Satyendra of BSP.In Kalpi, which was won by BSP's Chhote Singh in 2007, contest appears to be between Swatantra Dev Singh of BJP and Sanjay Singh Bhadauria of BSP. Challenging the two are Vishnu Pal Singh of Samajwadi Party and Umakanti Singh of Congress. In Madhaugarh, Congress has given ticket to sitting MLA from Orai, Vinod Chaturvedi. He is being challenged by Kunwar of Rampura estate, Kaushalendra Singh who is contesting on SP ticket.BJP has fielded Santram Senger, while Santram Kushwaha is BSP's candidate. Development was the main issue in Lalitpur also. Traditionally, the two constituencies - Lalitpur and Mehroni - have seen voting on caste lines with BSP winning both the seats in the previous assembly election. Whether the pattern changes this time is though hard to tell but development for sure has occupied the minds of voters here.\"Candidates and their individual abilities matter more than their political loyalities,\" said Rohit Patel who came to vote at Robertpura Inter College in Mehroni, which is now a reserved seat. Here SP has fielded Munna Lal while Congress has placed its bet on Ramesh Khatik. The seat was won by BSP's Ram Kumar Tewari, who finds himself in the woods. BSP replaced him with Feranlal Ahirwar.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12012248", "title": "Congress frowns upon Jaiswal comment, says party will form govt in UP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with opposition fury over Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal's statement about the possibility of President's rule in Uttar Pradesh, Congress disapproved the minister's comment, suggesting that party leaders should focus on how it could get a majority on its own.\"We are in the running to form the government. All Congressmen should desist from speculation,\" AICC spokesperson Manish Tewari told reporters.He was responding to questions on Jaiswal's statement in Kanpur that if the Congress fell short of a majority, there was no alternative to President's rule in the state. Tewari said Jaiswal had clarified his position and the matter should be allowed to rest there.With his remarks causing a furore, Jaiswal later retracted, saying he had only talked of the constitutional possibilities when reporters asked him questions about a situation where no one gets a clear majority.Jaiswal is the latest trigger-happy minister to put the party in a spot in the high stakes UP elections. Union ministers Beni Prasad Verma and Salman Khurshid's Muslim sub-quota comments had earlier attracted the ire of the Election Commission. The party also had to firefight after Verma called National Commission for Scheduled Castes chairman P L Punia an outsider in the state.Observers feel the repeated talk of President's rule seems driven by a desire to dispel the notion of Congress tying up with SP in the event of a hung assembly. Even as Jaiswal's comment triggered a row, AICC minority department leader Imran Kidwai ruled out a tie-up with SP, accusing it of hobnobbing with leaders involved in Babri demolition like Kalyan Singh and Swami Sakshi.\"Attempts to project SP as 'number one' in UP so far was a design to mislead the minorities,\" Kidwai said, adding, \"A party which has allied with leaders like Sakshi Maharaj and Kalyan Singh can never be seen as one having the interests of the Muslims at heart. The SP has done nothing except give lip service to the Muslim cause.\"While the Congress brass lately tried hard to convince voters that the party would not ally with any outfit after results, the issue gained currency recently when Rajya Sabha MP Mohammad Adeeb called SP and Congress as post-poll allies. Adeeb came to the upper house as joint candidate of the two parties.Assembly elections 2012UP elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12012927", "title": "Rape accused claim cop link", "text": "KOLKATA: The three suspects in custody in the Park Street rape case have stunned investigators by claiming that they had close links with a sub-inspector of Park Street police station and they were aware that the victim had lodged a complaint on February 9.One of the accused claimed that the officer had even asked them about the crime, say sources.The inquiry team that is probing the \"misbehaviour' complaint against some Park Street police officers is also investigating this alleged link. Sources say that a police officer has reportedly admitted to his superiors that he knew one of the arrested suspects. The officer said that he had used the rape accused as a source earlier because he was a regular at various night clubs.The inquiry team, however, is not ready to buy the story and is investigating whether the officer had tried to protect his source.Police are yet to track down fugitives Kader Khan and Johnny and the alleged sixth suspect, Md Ali.It's been five days since the other three accused - Naser Khan, Ruman Khan and Sumit Bajaj - were arrested. On the basis of their interrogation, three police teams had been sent to Mumbai and Bihar in search of Kader and Johnny but they all had to return empty handed. The Mumbai team came within hours of catching them on Tuesday.The gun allegedly used to subdue the victim is yet to be found. The detained trio has said that Kader and Johnny know about the weapon.The enquiry team also probing the lapses found in the investigation from Park Street police station end and may examine the officer in charge of the police station for the lapses. Because as the station head, OC can't avoid his role in the lapses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12013511", "title": "Flyers suffer as 16 Kingfisher flights cancelled", "text": "MUMBAI: There is no end to the trouble faced by passengers of Kingfisher airline. As many as 16 flights out of Mumbai across sectors were cancelled on Thursday. Despite an assurance to start operations according to a new schedule, Kingfisher did not make any changes or send any fresh schedule to Mumbai airport or even travel agents in the city. However, late on Thursday, the airline's website put up the new schedule.Tour operators said new bookings on the airline have come to a complete halt.Air fares, particularly for business class seats, remained sky high and with the approaching weekend, the scramble for seats could get worse, leading to higher fares.Kingfisher has been cancelling flights for the past one week. However, the airline had promised the Directorate General of Civil Aviation ( DGCA) that it would present a new schedule and start truncated but planned operations from Wednesday. However, officials at Mumbai airport said the airline has not yet come up with a new plan and the number of cancellations remained the same as the past one week. \"There has been no change in the flights Kingfisher is operating and has cancelled. No further intimation has been received from the airline on any change in flight operations,\" an airport official said.Tour operator Pradip Lulla of Cupid Travels said Kingfisher is still not taking bookings on any new sectors. \"It is operating the same flights. However, there have been zero bookings on the airline even on sectors it is operating,\" Lulla said.On Thursday, the air tickets from Mumbai to major destinations remained very high and few seats were available due to passenger rush. Only business class tickets on Kingfisher were affordable. A one way Mumbai-Delhi business class ticket for Friday was priced between Rs 23,000 and Rs 28,000 on all other carriers. Kingfisher was selling the same ticket for Rs 16,000. Similarly, a Mumbai-Bangalore ticket on Kingfisher was for Rs 13,900, while other carriers were selling it for Rs 18,000 and above. A Mumbai-Kolkata business class fare started at Rs 28,000 and went up to Rs 43,000.\"Though Kingfisher is selling cheaper tickets, there are no takers. People are unsure because of flight cancellations and do not want to take a risk. Also, most Kingfisher flights which are still operating are also getting delayed by an hour or more. Hence, those who want to fly for official purpose are hesitant to book on the airline,\" a Fort-based travel agent said. \"This skepticism towards Kingfisher would continue till the airline starts operating flights as per a planned schedule and stops erratic cancellations,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016486", "title": "Sshhh! We\u2019re living in!", "text": "Right beneath the surface of the conservative society of Kerala is a trend - a rather common one at that - that could change one's perspective about youth culture here.News of young couples living in may continue to raise eyebrows here, but that the trend does exist is a fact. Localites tell us that while there have always been cases of couples living in, albeit secretly, of late, they don't seem to think twice about disclosing their relationship status.\"Neighbours do tend to get a bit curious initially,\" says Sapna Raj, who has been living in with her partner in Kochi for the last one year. \"But gradually, they accept things as they are. However, I feel that they see us more or less as a married couple and have learnt to ignore the fact that a live-in relationship does allow any of the partners to leave at any point,\" she adds. Neha Varma, a medical practitioner who lives in with her partner in Kochi, says, \"I see the relationship as a rather economical one. You have company and space when you need it. You also get to have someone around to share your expenses with. It is also an opportunity to make required adjustments before one can decide if he or she wants to be married to the other.\"Taking the plunge in a place like Kerala has not been easy, admit the guys. \"Though live-in relationships are legal in our country, closer home, it continues to be a taboo. People assume that such relationships are about the physical aspects. However, it is more about having another person to share your life with - even if it means just talking about what happened during the day,\" says Anish Menon*, a media professional.Dr S D Singh, a psychiatrist, analyses, \"Couples resort on live-in relationships for the pleasure that they receive from the companionship of the opposite sex. It's an emotional nutrition. If both the individuals are comfortable in it, why should anybody else have a problem? In our society, the more you resist a legal act, there are bound to be more illegal relationships.\"(names changed on request)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12013205", "title": "Governor unhappy over Besu status delay", "text": "KOLKATA: Chancellor and Governor M K Narayanan said that he was disappointed over the delay by the Centre in conferring the status of an Indian Institute of Engineering, Science and Technology (IIEST) on Bengal Engineering and Science University (Besu).Speaking at the 14th annual convocation of the university, the governor said, \"It is anguishing that almost two years after the announcement to upgrade Besu to an IIEST, it has not yet happened. However, the institute has been acknowledged as an Institute of National Importance (INI) even though it is a state university, which is an achievement.\" said Narayanan\"Improved knowledge and skills is the power of a nation. Besu should aim to achieve it,\" he added. He also said universities should continue to expand the basic science infrastructure, collaborate with other institutions of repute and increase the total spending on development.Education minister Bratya Basu said chief minister Mamata Banerjee was also keen to see the upgrade of Besu from a state to a central university. that BESU becomes a central university from a state university.\"She is planning to write another letter to the Centre, requesting them to speed up the process of conferring the IIEST status on Besu which was decided by the Union cabinet a few years back,\" Basu added. Clearing the fear among WBJEE aspirants this year about admission to the reputed institute, the minister said, \"Since the process to confer the status on Besu may take some time, this institute will admit students from West Bengal Joint Entrance Examinations (WBJEE) in 2012 too.\" The minister also assured BESU of every possible help from the state government for its development.The university conferred the degree of DSc (Honoris Causa) to eminent educationists V Rajaraman and Arun Kumar Sharma and painter Ganesh Pyne.Ajoy Kumar Ray, vice-chancellor of Besu said, spoke on upgrading campus infrastructure apart from academic progress.\"A nuclear physics laboratory for PG students has been developed in the university. Modernization of our institute's hospital with specialist doctors and with provision of an X-ray centre, ECG and stress ECG facilities have been developed.\" the vice chancellor said.Narendra Jadhav, member of the Planning Commission and former VC of Pune University, spoke to the graduating students about the nine principals in life which will help them achieve their goals. \"There is nothing called time-pass and never do it. There are no short cuts to achievements, so never try to achieve anything by resorting to such means,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12010701", "title": "Madhya Pradesh to seek Hyderabad forensic lab help to nail Munna Bhais", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government on Thursday said it has sought the help of Central Forensic Laboratory, Hyderabad (CFLH) to prosecute the students who allegedly got admission in the government medical college by fraudulent means- popularly known as Munna Bhais.In a written reply in the MP Assembly, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said the government has sought the help of CFLH to nail Munna Bhais in whose cases, the State Forensic Laboratory, Sagar (SFLS) after examining their documents and photographs gave an opinion that was not clear.Chouhan said all the government colleges have been asked to get the documents and photographs of the students doing MBBS courses examined and launch criminal proceedings against them. He said there were around 114 suspected fake students, who have got admission in MBBS courses in the medical colleges of state.Chouhan's reply came following a question raised by independent MLA Paras Saklecha seeking details regarding the fake students doing MBBS course and action taken against them.He sought to know whether the accused students have been given clean chit by SFLS or an opinion that is not conclusive regarding the photos, which may help them to get benefit of doubt in their prosecution in the courts.The Munna Bhais have got admission to the six government medical colleges - Bhopal , Indore, Gwalior, Jabalpur, Rewa and Sagar. These students have pasted their real photograph in application forms and that of proxy writer in admit cards. The admit card photographs have been tricked by conjoining the applicant and writer photographs in many cases, the MLA told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12011234", "title": "Excise clerk in Andhra Pradesh has illegal assets over Rs 50cr", "text": "GUNTUR: The ongoing raids against the liquor syndicates by the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) netted a big shark on Thursday. A low-level excise official - Settipalli Seshagiri Rao, a junior assistant in the department for 33 years and about to retire in May - was found to possess illegal assets worth more than Rs 50 crore. ACB officials believe the sum could even touch Rs 70 crore.Seshagiri was raided along with other excise officials, including his head constable brother Sekhar, another constable Subbarao and police inspector Mallikharjuna Rao, who, incidentally, was with the ACB till last week. Inspector Rao was found to have illegal assets worth Rs 30 crore. According to sources, Mallikharjuna had played a big role in keeping the files pertaining to Seshagiri under wraps and leaking information on raids to liquor syndicates. And when ACB got wind of the whole affair, it first repatriated Mallikharjuna to his parent police department and then launched simultaneous raids on all of them.According to officials, Seshagiri's role came under the scanner when he forcibly transferred a shop licence with forged documents a few months ago. Excise commissioner Sameer Sharma had written to the ACB to probe his role in Dec 2011. \"Also, the confession report of liquor syndicate leader Marri Subbareddy nailed Seshagiri,\" an excise official said.His clout was such that even deputy commissioners never dared to shift him as he was their money spinner and the raid has sent shockwaves in the department, sources said. \"He used to call the shots in the entire zone comprising Guntur, Prakasam and Nellore districts as he has been the confidential clerk (CC) in the deputy commissioner's office all through his service,\" a source said. The brothers are alleged to have acted as chief agents between senior officials and the liquor syndicates.The documents seized by ACB officials reveal that Seshagiri had even invested Rs 8 crore to bag liquor shop licences in the past two years.His brother Sekhar too has major shares in the liquor syndicate. \"Seshagir has also been active in settling disputes among various syndicates,\" an official saidAmong the riches unearthed by ACB are two big shopping complexes in Guntur with benami owners and a property worth Rs 75 lakh in the prime Brodipet area. Seshagiri is also accused of raking a cool Rs 50 lakh by illegally transferring a partnership licence to one of his friends without the actual partners' knowledge.He is also reported to have paid a huge donation to get his son into a private medical college in Chennai. In the raid on inspector Mallikharjuna, ACB officials recovered gold jewellery and other valuables from his Krishnanagar residence in Guntur. ACB sources said he has benami properties in Kakinada, Nellore, Addanki and Ongole, besides Guntur. A prime property located in Lakshmipuram in Guntur is registered in the name of his brother.ACB also suspects Mallikharjuna of sharing vital information with the liquor syndicates before last month's searches in Guntur. ACB bosses believe that several kingpins in the liquor racket had escaped and documents destroyed thanks to Mallikarjuna's 'active' support. \"We have unearthed disproportionate assets. We will book him under relevant sections,\" said ACB joint director Sampath Kumar who led the raids on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011531", "title": "Expect overcast sky today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhiites witnessed a relatively cooler day on Thursday as mercury came down two notches below from Wednesday's 30.1 degrees Celsius.The maximum was recorded at 28 degrees Celsius, which was three degrees above the normal at this time of the year.The minimum temperature on Thursday was recorded at 13.5 degree Celsius, which was two degrees above the normal.The Met department has predicted partly cloudy sky for Friday. The maximum and minimum temperatures are likely to remain at 26 and 11 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011264", "title": "Now, Melghat villagers too demand relocation", "text": "NAGPUR: Successful shifting of three villages - Amona, Nagartas and Barukheda- from inside Wan Wildlife Sanctuary of Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR) last year, has prompted another 141 families from highly sensitive Dhargad and other villages to seek relocation.So far, eight villages have been relocated from MTR and there are 26 more to go. Of these, seven are in Akot wildlife division and others in Sipna and Gugamal divisions. The Rs 10 lakh per family package and its sincere implementation are obviously having an effect. Nineteen villages are going in for it while only seven are seeking resettlement by the forest department.The 230 sq km Dhargad forest range has high density of wildlife including tigers. So relocating it would provide instant conservation benefit. However, funds aren't coming in fast enough. If Dhargad is shifted, there will be a continuous stretch of 25 km forest between Koktu and Gullarghat without any human presence.A K Mishra, field director &amp; chief conservator of forests (CCF), MTR, said Rs 14.10 crore wee needed for the village at Rs 10 lakh per family. \"We have received Rs 3.70 crore and expect another Rs 7 crore under Compensatory Afforestation Fund Management and Planning Authority ( CAMPA). If money is received early, we expect Dhargad to move out by March.\"The Dhargad villagers have identified 41 hectare E Class land in Dharur (Ramapur), 12 km from Akot. The villagers have been waiting for the past six years to move out but successful relocation of Bori, Koha and Kund villages in 2003 and Amona, Nagartas, Barukheda, Churni and Vairat in 2011 has made them impatient. They are so much in hurry that at times they vent ire on visiting forest officials.Ex-sarpanch Pundlik Godmale (48) called for speedy relocation. \"Being a tiger reserve, there is restriction on cattle grazing and collection of minor forest produce (MFP). Besides, encounters with tigers and sloth bears are frequent. There is no school and transportation facility. The lone ST bus between Akot and Barukheda is being shut,\" he informed.\"I was born in Dhargad. My father Sakharam came here as a forest labourer and settled down. Earlier, there were hardly 15 houses here but now there must be over 100. We live in constant fear of wild animals and want to move out,\" said 33-year-old Ramrao Shinde. Haribhau Mate (35), a labourer, echoes the sentiment.Of 141 families, 22 are land-holders while remaining are landless labourers. Many work with the forest department on rotation basis. Lured by rehabilitation package, many youths who had left for bigger towns have returned to Dhargad.While Dhargad, is in a hurry, cases of some other villages seem stuck. Take the case of 127 sq km Ambabarwa Wildlife Sanctuary, also a part of MTR. Here survey has been carried out since 2008 but even list of beneficiaries has not been finalised by the revenue department.In 2008, three villages - Gumthi, Ambabarwa and Chunkhedi- comprised 400 families. However, everytime a new survey is done, number of claimant goes up. With evidence of six tigers in camera traps in 2011, Ambabarwa holds immense potential. The three villages are keen to move out but lack of funds has delayed the process.\"A proposal seeking Rs 70 crore for relocation has been forwarded to the government,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12012046", "title": "Girders put up as part of freeway project", "text": "MUMBAI: Engineers of the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) installed ten 40-m long girders, each weighing 145 tonnes, at the site of the Trombay rail overbridge, a critical part of the Rs 847-crore Eastern Freeway Project.\"The idea is to finish the project and push forward work on the freeway, which is to be completed by the end of the year,\" said an MMRDA official. The Eastern Freeway Project will link P D'Mello Road to Ghatkopar.MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana said the Trombay rail overbridge is a significant part of the Anik Panjarpol Link Road, which will provide a new link to Trombay. The project, which is funded by the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) is divided into three parts. The first is a road overbridge from P D'Mello Road to the start of the Anik-Panjarpol Link Road, the second, a corridor from Anik to the start of the Panjarpol Link Road and the third, the road from Panjarpol to Ghatkopar.The project faces several hurdles. Project affected people had to be resettled. The project was stalled before permission to build a corridor through the port trust area was granted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12011814", "title": "Extend maintenance to mother, HC tells sons", "text": "HYDERABAD: The High Court has directed two brothers from Khammam to take care of their ailing mother and pay her a monthly maintenance of Rs 5,000.Expressing distress at the growing trend of people leaving their parents in the lurch after inherit their wealth, Justice CV Nagarjuna Reddy made this order while dealing with a civil revision petition filed by Syed Yakub and his brother in connection with a property dispute in which the mother was also shown as one of the respondents. The judge, in his order, noted that the growing number of old age homes bore testimony to the neglect faced by old-aged parents from their kin. The judge said that it was quite obvious from the material on record that the petitioners held valuable properties and directed that they pay Rs 5,000 per month to their mother, onwards from January 1 of this year, till the disposal of the suit.The deposit shall have to be made on or before the 5th of every month with the mother entitled to withdraw the same without furnishing any security, Justice Nagarjuna Reddy ruled.The maintenance should be paid irrespective of whether the mother succeeds in getting a share out of the current dispute, the judge decreed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12012903", "title": "8-year prison term over, convict still behind bars", "text": "KOLKATA: After spending eight years and 10 months behind bars as an undertrial, a former CESC employee has been sentenced to exactly the same prison term for robbery.Md Afsar's prison term ended on Tuesday but the authorities are not ready to release him. His lawyer Habibur Rehman is running from pillar to post to get him out.Afsar was a boiler plant operator at the Cossipore Power House. On April 26, 2003, he was arrested on charges of robbing a CESC cash van. \"He wasn't named in the FIR but was arrested merely on the basis of suspicion. He had deposited some money in his account. Though it was his own money, he was arrested,\" said Rehman.For over eight years, the trial didn't progress much. Recently, Afsar played a leading role in a prison agitation by detainees for faster trial. The authorities appeased them by promising a quick trial. On February 8, 2012, an Alipore court convicted Afsar and sentenced him to three eight-year terms to run concurrently. Rehman calculated that Afsar would be released on February 21, 2012, as a convict is entitled to a three-day remission under the jail code.\"The jail authorities refused to release Afsar on Tuesday. I went to the judge and prayed for orders to the jail authorities. He asked me to take up the matter with the office of the Legal Remembrancer. I visited his office and an official there told me that he had never heard of such an incident in his 14-year career. I returned to the judge but received no assistance. If my client instructs me, I shall move a writ before the high court,\" Rehman said.Meanwhile, Afsar (45) is waiting with bated breadth to reunite with his family. \"His wife suffers from a psychiatric ailment and he has three sons and a daughter. The family has gone through a lot,\" a family friend said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12013188", "title": "UP voters do not trouble poll staff at 9 polling stations in fifth phase", "text": "LUCKNOW: Poor governance and lack of roads kept voters away in nine polling stations of Uttar Pradesh on Thursday. Voters did not participate in the voting process at one booth each in Kanpur's Ghatampur (reserved) assembly constituency, Lalitpur and Etawah districts. Similarly, in six polling stations of the Hamirpur assembly seat in Hamirpur district, voters did not utilise the electronic voting machines. A total of 13 districts and 49 assembly constituencies in UP went to polls in the fifth phase of assembly elections.Confirming the developments, chief electoral officer, Umesh Sinha, said, \"We have received reports of voting being boycotted in nine polling booths. According to reports received, poor development has been cited as the reason for voters staying away.\"In Hamirpur assembly constituency, the volume of voters expressing resentment was highest. Though the volumes were lesser in Kanpur, Etawah and Lalitpur districts, voter unrest was visible in almost all the assembly constituencies. In Ghatampur, BSP's Ram Prasad Kushwaha is the sitting MLA. This year, there are 20 contenders for the assembly seat.Voters in Lalitpur assembly constituency also registered their protest by not coming out to vote at one polling station. Here, the incumbent MLA is BSP's Engineer Nathu Ram Kushwaha, who has been denied a ticket by the party. Instead, BSP has fielded Ramesh Prasad Kushwaha, even as 15 other candidates are in the poll fray.Though the EC could not confirm the number of voters who stayed away, voters' decision to stay away from the democratic process is being regarded as telling, against the current state of governance as well as against the candidates in the fray. Election commission officials also confirmed that this is not the first time that voters have boycotted the voting process in 2012 assembly elections. However, the extent of dissent registered has been highest in this phase. In a first, over 1,300 voters have also exercised the right to abstain from voting in favour of any contesting candidate. \"This just shows that people are conscious enough to come and vote, but have no faith in the candidates in the electoral fray,\" said an EC official.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "madhepura", "code": "12012385", "title": "Traditional Kosi flavours fall from favour", "text": "MADHEPURA: Machh (fish), maruwa and makhana, which were once the traditional flavour of the sprawling Kosi division, or rather almost a synonym for the region, are virtually losing out to other delicacies.Kosi region, until recently, took pride in producing a variety and quality of fish which were savoured by the foodies across the state. However, by quirk of irony, anti-flood measures and attendant building up of canals and sluice gates, which put constraints on the flow of river water, have led to the gradual decline in the variety of fish. Many varieties of delicious fish are now literally passe. The fish lovers are literally dependent upon supply of fish from Andhra Pradesh, say the local inhabitants.The people were assured of steady flow of water into the rivers through the canals and sluice gates created for the purpose. But, the promise was hardly ever kept, and huge silt deposited in the beds of canals has made them redundant. No less than 250 ponds across Madhepura district alone are either dried up or are fast drying up causing to the paucity in fish, says Raman Thakur of Madhepura.The state government's decision to set up fishery development department is hardly of any consequence. The \"overburdened\" department is stuck in the file and routine work, and has little time for the revival of fishery, say local inhabitants. The paucity of seeds has also been most worrisome. The people engaged in fishery are forced to fetch them from West Bengal. But, transportation results in severe damages to fish seeds, say the people.Like fish, maruwa (a kind of foodgrain) which was quite a favoured dish at one time, is also fast disappearing. The farmers are no longer interested in this kind of foodgrain. At one time, maruwa preparations were hot favourite in Kosi region. Yet another food item, makhana is also losing its lustre. Kosi region was a big supplier of makhana, and was a kind of cash crop. But, in the vastly changing farm scenario, it is no longer a favoured item of growers here. Saharsa district agriculture officer Umesh Kumar said that the cultivators were gradually disenchanted with growing makhana due to shrinking market for the local variety. Besides, farmers were rather more interested in other varieties which brought them better benefits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12011805", "title": "Cyber cafes strike jackpot with PSKs", "text": "HYDERABAD: Passport Seva Kendras (PSKs) in the city might well have been set up to simplify the procedure for applying for a passport, and at the same time, reduce the burden on the RPO. But these PSKs have offered hard-nosed cyber cafe owners an excellent opportunity to make a quick buck.The RPO has opened three PSKs - Begumpet, Ameerpet, Tolichowki - for receiving passport applications after disbanding the e-Seva centres and post office counters. Following the PSK launch, booking an online slot for appointment has been made mandatory. And it is this requirement that has come opened a new avenue of income for internet cafe owners.The RPO releases 3,000 online slots everyday, at 7pm and the smart cyber cafe owners are cashing in on the new procedure, ready and willing as they are, to 'help' passport-seekers secure appointment slots. Although applicants fill-in their forms online, they find that appointments at PSKs are blocked for days on end. For those lucky to get an appointment, there is none to clarify their doubts at the PSK 'help desks'.In steps the cyber cafe owner who, taking advantage of the situation, deploy their men near PSKs who promise to provide applicants with online appointment slots, but for a price which can range between Rs 800 and Rs 1,000 per slot. The PSKs open for business at around 9am but the cyber cafes are ready much earlier as they look to 'catch' applicants.\"For each applicant, the cafe owner pays me Rs 50. My work is to identify needy applicants and bring them to the cafe. Thereupon, another person collects details of the applicant. The applicant is alerted once the online appointment slot is confirmed, and the payment is collected for this,\" Ramesh, who works for a cyber cafe near Begumpet PSK, told TOI. \"I make Rs 300-500 per day by this means,\" he added.Earlier, there were five cyber cafes in the Prakash Nagar area, but once the PSK began operations, their numbers doubled. Cyber cafes even take the responsibility of filling out online application forms and booking appointment slots. For this, they charge Rs 2,500 per application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016591", "title": "Tollywood beckons Amy Jackson", "text": "The Madrassapattinam actress, who will star in Ram Charan's next, hopes to learn Telugu soon\"Ilove India; it's my new home. I had a chance to travel quite a bit with my latest Bollywood film,\" says Amy Jackson, \"We travelled to Madurai, Trivandrum, Agra, Delhi and Goa. That was fantastic.\" But the actress describes Kerala as her favourite place. \"I really think it's God's own country as it was very beautiful. I would love to go back there for a chillout and not for work and just enjoy the place,\" she added.While the Madrassapattinam actress awaits more Bollywood projects to come her way, she is exploring southern films too and will soon start work on a Telugu movie. \"I start my next movie in March and I am choc-a-bloc until the end of the year now with movies. My next is a Telugu movie opposite Ram Charan and it's called Yevadu. Then I have a Tamil film and then hopefully, some Bollywood film by the end of the year,\" she states.Amy is confident that just like Hindi, her dedication will help her pick up Telugu as well. \"I am very dedicated. Hindi was just as hard as Telugu because I had no idea of the language beforehand. I know I could do a good job with Hindi so I am certain I'll do a good job with Telugu,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12012123", "title": "Subramanian Swamy moves SC against Chidambaram in 2G scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unsuccessful in convincing the 2G spectrum scam trial court to proceed against P Chidambaram for his alleged role as the then finance minister in the irregular allotment of wavelengths for mobile services, Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy on Thursday moved the Supreme Court in appeal to agitate the issue.Giving up his option of approaching the Delhi High Court, Swamy said the Special Judge erred by not proceeding against Chidambaram despite accepting his plea that the Union minister was party to two decisions - \"that is, keeping the spectrum prices at 2001 level and dilution of equity by the two companies (the precise two activities for which the main accused A Raja has been charged).\"The trial court had held that the two acts alleged against Chidambaram were not per se criminal in nature and rejected Swamy's plea for either a CBI probe into the minister's role or include him as an accused in the case.Earlier, the Supreme Court had refused to pass any order on Swamy's plea for ordering CBI probe into the alleged role of Chidambaram as the finance minister in the 2008 spectrum scam saying the matter was pending before the trial court that would take a decision. The trial court on February 4 had rejected Swamy's plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12013582", "title": "UP polls: IIT-Kanpur staffers exercise franchise", "text": "KANPUR: Hundreds of IIT-Kanpur staff and teachers also used their right to franchise at two polling booths set up inside the institute's campus. The rush of IITians was witnessed at the campus school and at type I community centre polling booths.It is worth mentioning here that IIT-Kanpur falls in Kalyanpur assembly constituency. From this seat, Nirmal Tiwari of BSP, Devi Tiwari of Congress, Premlata Katiyar of BJP and Satish Nigam of SP were contesting the election. The IITians sealed the fate of these candidates in the EVMs on Thursday.After coming out from the polling booths that were heavily guarded by the para-military staff on duty, the IITians showed their inked fingers after exercising their franchise.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016556", "title": "A date with artists held in Kochi", "text": "This was the result of an attempt at creating more artists in the city.The works on display that range from charcoal and acrylic to watercolour and drawing have been done by 20 upcoming artists who attended an art camp recently.Bindhi, of Bindhi art gallery, where the show is currently going on, was seen mingling with the guests as well as new artists. Also seen at the do were O Sundar, Rajan M Krishna and Raghunath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12012933", "title": "All the way from Germany, she's here to decorate her hat", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 16-year-old German girl Flora Schnelle is busy preparing for the Fancy Floral Hat Contest, which has been introduced in the Rose Festival for the first time. Flora, who has come to India under Youth For Understanding ( YFU) programme is staying with a Mohali-based family, Grewals, to understand the Punjabi culture. \"I am very excited, as this particular event -Fancy Floral Hat Contest - is largely based on my name. I have spent the last two days collecting material to decorate my hat with flowers of different varieties to make it look attractive and different. I don't think any such kind of fest is organized in Germany. Despite this, I am fully prepared to participate in the Rose Festival,\" Flora said, sharing her excitement with TOI.\"Though this event is something new for me, because of Grewal family I got to know so many things related to the festival, its importance etc. I am hoping that I will be able to decorate most beautiful hat during the event,\" she added.Aninder Singh Grewal, with whom Flora is residing, said, \"All of my family members are participating in the Fancy Floral Hat Contest and everyone is very excited. My family has participated in various other events of the fest in the past too and have won prizes.\"UT authorities have received 30 applications till Thursday for the Fancy Floral Hat Contest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12010686", "title": "Mayfield Gardens residents clueless about fate of property", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of Mayfield Gardens are clueless about the fate of their property after the department of town and country planning (DTCP) had announced that it was taking over the township from the builder.According to the announcement, the DTCP announced that residents paying EMI or buying any property in Mayfield Garden colony must not pay the builder since the entire colony has been taken over by the government for all administrative purposes.\"Now we don't know about the future of the property owners here. There is no information about what DTCP is doing for taking over the township,\" said Cdr (retd) Dharamvir Yadav, RWA member.The housing projects are in different stages of completion and at present over 15,000 residents are living in plotted houses. Most of the owners are paying EMI for the property but due to the embargo on the builder they are unable to register the property in their names.After taking over the township, the department has put up public notices in over 23 sites of the colony about the cancellation of the licence and announcement of the takeover of the project for the general public.The DTCP had cancelled the licence on account of non-payment of dues running into crores of rupees by the builders.The licences were given for development of residential plotted colony (Mayfield Gardens) in Sectors 47, 50, 51, 52 and 57 in Gurgaon. The senior town planner, Gurgaon, R K Singh, said: \"The department is still in the process of getting the bank details and other aspects of the project.\"When asked about how the residents would pay up their EMI for the property owned in the colony, Singh said: \"The department is working on the details of the relevant procedures and the property owners will be informed about them,\" said Singh.It is for the first time that the DTCP had taken over a housing project from a builder and will now be controlling the entire progress of the project. The residents, meanwhile, are getting anxious over the uncertainties. \"The DTCP must start working to improve the facilities in the township. At least roads can be constructed in the colony,\" said a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12012460", "title": "Stage set for TOI's quiz contest today", "text": "PANAJI: Eight teams will be vying for the coveted InQuizitive Goa - an all Goa inter college quiz competition - organized by The Times of India, at the final showdown on February 24, beginning at 3 pm at Audi 1 of Maquinez Palace, ESG, Panaji.Vice-chancellor of Goa university Prof Dileep Deobagkar will be the chief guest, while Rajiv D'Silva of Quizco will be the quiz master.The event received an overwhelming response from college students across the state with 104 teams participating in this mega college event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12013183", "title": "GADVASU sportsmen return with medals", "text": "A 42 member sports contingent of Guru Angad Dev Veterinary Animal Sciences University returned with numerous medals from the 13th all india inter-agricultural universities sports and games meet held at Dr Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth, Akola (Maharashtra) from February 16-19.The men's table tennis team comprising Gurwinder Singh, Gaurav Sharma and Harwinder Singh won the gold medal beating Karnataka Veterinary, Animal Sciences and Fisheries University, Bidar, in the finals.The GADVASU basketball team bagged a silver medal at the meet while the 4x100m relay team of men comprising Rajandeep, Daljitpal Singh, Ravinder Singh Chahal, Gurjot Singh and Sonikvir Singh won a bronze. Ishab Poudel won a bronze medal in discuss throw.As many as 42 agricultural and veterinary varsities from across the country participated in the tournament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12011269", "title": "Woman coming to attend father's funeral killed in accident", "text": "INDORE: In a tragic incident, a pregnant woman on her way to the city from Kota to take part in the funeral of her father, who was stabbed to death by two youths on Wednesday, was killed in a freak road accident along with her father-in-law and driver when the vehicle in which they were travelling collided head on with a truck near Sanwer, 40 km from the city on the Indore-Ujjain Road, early on Thursday morning.The three persons who were killed in the road accident have been identified as Mona, 20, her father-in-law Labhchand Jain,65, and driver Bablu Meena, 45. Mona's husband Narendra Jain and mother-in-law Manju Devi sustained serious injuries in the accident, said police.Mona was coming to Indore to attend the funeral of her father Santosh Joshi, who was stabbed to death by two youths in Nehru Nagar on Wednesday.Santosh Joshi's neighbour Anubhav Jaiswal told TOI that Joshi's daughter Mona was coming to Indore from Kota in Rajasthan to attend her father's funeral along with her father-in-law Labhchand, mother-in-law Manju Devi and her husband Narendra. Mona was married to Narendra in November 2010 and had been living in Bundi tehsil of Kota district. She was pregnant.Police said that the victims were travelling by a Tavera bearing registration number RJ08UA 0521 and it collided with a truck (RJ33GA 232) coming from the opposition direction at Rama Phasphet near Sanwer at around 3 am. Mona, Labhchand and Bablu died on the spot while Narendra and Manju sustained serious injuries. They were admitted to a private hospital here.Police said that Narendra and his mother returned to Kota with the bodies of his wife, father and the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12013182", "title": "ICU on wheels to ferry newborns", "text": "KOLKATA: Delay in transit has been one of the major reasons behind infant mortality in the state. To curb this menace and ensure proper treatment of children on their way to hospitals, a transit ambulance or an ICU-on-wheels will soon be ferrying critically ill children from their homes to two government hospitals in the city armed with sick new born care units (SNCU). Fitted with every possible life-support equipment, it will be the most medically advanced ambulance to be used in eastern India.Expected to start functioning in about a month from now, the ambulance will have a ventilator, a pulse-oxymetre, cardiac monitor, defebrillator and a USG machine apart from basic facilities like an oxygen cylinder and intra-venous fluid injecting systems. Trained medical staff and nurses will be deputed to operate them. \"The idea is to lower the transit time and make sure that the condition of babies does not deteriorate during the journey, which often happens. The ambulance will help to begin treatment virtually from the moment the baby is put into it,\" said Santosh Kumar Ray, superintendent, MR Bangur Hospital. SNCUs at the MR Bangur and SSKM hospitals will be served by the ambulance.The ambulance, to be set up at a cost of Rs 37 lakh, will continue to provide medical care till a bed has been arranged at either of the two hospitals. If necessary, it will ferry patients between the two hospitals. \"There are occasions when we are forced to refer babies to SSKM. It's a tricky situation for life-support systems have to be taken off temporarily which often prove to be fatal. There is no choice either for patients could die if we don't transfer them. With the ambulance at our disposal, it will now be reasonably safe. This will help to reduce baby deaths,\" said Ray.Fitted with jerk-resistant beds, the ambulance will be armed with an ultra-sonography machine. \"Jerking often causes brain injury to critically ill babies in transit. While the cushioned beds will reduce that possibility, we shall be monitoring the baby constantly to detect if internal injury is happening,\" said Proloy Basu, a doctor at the Bangur SNCU.The transit ambulance will be an extension of the \"Matri Jaan\" or the mother and child care ambulance recently pressed into service by the health department. Two such vehicles have been sanctioned, of which one has been operating for the last 10 days. It picks up women for delivery and ferries sick newborn children. \"The ambulance has just started functioning so it's still too early to say if the purpose is being served. This is an experiment and we hope to learn from it,\" said Ray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12012664", "title": "European Commission reviews projects in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: A delegation of the European Union MP and European Commission met chief minister Ashok Gehlot here on Thursday. The delegation admired the effective implementation of the water projects worth Rs 450 crore, funded by the European Commission, in the state.The 11-member delegation headed by Bill Newton Dunn is in Rajasthan to evaluate the progress of the ongoing projects and identify new projects. The delegation would make recommendations for special assistance in new projects here. The delegation admired the water policy and that the government was implementing it seriously to combat the water problem in the state.Showing gratitude towards the European Union for assistance in the projects, Gehlot said water crisis was increasing in the water-deficient state due to growing population, industrialization and urbanization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12013081", "title": "Power worries spark SOS for more coal", "text": "KOLKATA: Apprehending a power crisis, the Mamata Banerjee government has written to coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal to start allotting coal blocks due to the state, especially the one slated for West Bengal Power Development Corporation Limited (WBPDCL).State industries minister Partha Chatterjee said on Thursday that he has written to the coal minister reminding him about the 15 coal blocks allocated for West Bengal. Among the 15, the Left Front government had managed to stake claim on six. Now, the new government is pursuing the case so that the remaining nine are releasedand not held back.But the government's immediate need is to seek the coal block due to WBPDCL at East Dhagaria in Jharkhand. The power-generation company has been failing to meet coal dues for a long time since the Mamata Banerjee government has refused to increase power tariff after the hike in coal prices.Nearly 90 lakh subscribers in West Bengal, barring Kolkata, may face daily power cuts unless the situation improves. With declining generation, official estimates apprehend the average shortfall to be more than 400 MW during the peak of summer.In the absence of subsidy from the government, which is facing the highest revenue gap among all states, WBPDCL has run up a huge outstanding of nearly Rs 600 crore among the three Coal India subsidiaries. The bill should have swelled to Rs 800 crore now, inviting repeated reminders (and even stoppage of delivery) from CIL. As against a minimum requirement of 15-odd rakes (of 3,500 tonnes each), the coal arrivals are now 10 rakes a day.Power minister Manish Gupta, however, blames CIL for arbitrarily raising prices with effect from February 2011. According to him, CIL, being a PSU, should ensure supplies to the state at an affordable price.\"WBPDCL currently has two coal blocks - Tara mines and Borjor. It has three more allotted - at Pachowara North in Jharkhand and two small ones at Gangaramchowk and Gangaramchow Bhaduria in Birbhum.Fearing to draw frowns from the populist chief minister, the power utilities (in generation or distribution) did not approach the regulator for tariff revision last year and are now incurring a combined cash-loss of nearly Rs 1,000 crore. WBPDCL alone is facing a huge revenue gap for supplying electricity at 25% below cost price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12013739", "title": "New train service introduced", "text": "HUBLI: The South Eastern Railway has introduced Howrah-Mysore-Howrah (train no. 22817 / 22818) weekly super fast express with effect from February 19 from Howrah end. Accordingly, train no. 22817 weekly super fast express will depart from Howrah at 16-10 hrs on Fridays, commencing from February 24, 2012 and will arrive at Mysore at 05-00 hrs on Sundays.En route, the special train will depart at Kharagpur at 18-00 hrs, Balasore at 19-27 hrs, Bhadrak at 20-20 hrs, Cuttack at 21-47 hrs, Bhubaneswar at 22-40 hrs, Khurda Road at 23-30 hrs, Brahmapur at 01-22 hrs. (Saturday) Vizianagaram at 04-32 hrs, Visakhapatnam at 06-15 hrs, Rajahmundry at 09-22 hrs, depart from Vijayawada at 12-25 hrs, Renigunta at 18-40 hrs, Katpadi at 20-20 hrs and depart at Bangalore City at 01-40 hrs.In the return direction, train no. 22818 Mysore-Howrah weekly super fast express will depart from Mysore at 00-30 hrs on Mondays commencing from February 27, 2012 and will reach Howrah at 14-50 hrs on Tuesdays.En route, the weekly super fast express special will depart at Bangalore City at 03-30 hrs, Katpadi at 07-15 hrs, Renigunta at 10-25 hrs, Vijayawada at 17-00 hrs, Rajahmundry at 19-12 hrs, Visakhapatnam at 00-30 hrs, Vizianagaram at 01-40 hrs, Brahmapur at 04-45 hrs, Khurda Road at 07-20 hrs, Bhubaneswar at 07-45 hrs, Cuttack at 08-15 hrs, Bhadrak at 10-10 hrs, Balasore at 10-55 hrs and will depart from Kharagpur at 12-40 hrs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12012735", "title": "CPI hunger strike against mega-dams in Assam", "text": "JORHAT: The CPI's Assam state unit on Thursday organized a 12 -hour hunger strike in all the district headquarters of the seven districts of Jorhat, Golaghat, Sivasagar, Karbi Anglong, Sonitpur, Lakhimpur and Dhemaji to protest against the construction of big dams in Lower Subansiri in Arunachal Pradesh. They have also decided to organize a convention with all parties in the state to discuss the issue.Promode Gogoi, state CPI leader, said: \"We have organized a 12-hour hunger strike in the district headquarters to protest against construction of big dams. We have also submitted a memorandum to the Prime Minister to take required steps into the matter.\"He added: \"We did demand construction of multipurpose dams on the Subansiri and the Brahmaputra to generate power, but it should be done only after a systematic and scientific study is conducted by national and international experts. Our government must follow the reports of expert committees and it should also listen to suggestions of experts while selecting the sites for such projects. This region is an earthquake-prone zone and the proposed dams could pose a threat to people who live by the rivers, We are concerned about the human impact of these dams and the government should also pay attention to it.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011664", "title": "Approve Games Village flats fast: HC to DDA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Paving the way for possession of flats by Commonwealth Games village owners, the Delhi high court on Thursday asked the DDA to expedite the process of issuing completion certificates to the flats.\"DDA shall complete the issuance of completion certificate as expeditiously as possible. Regarding the towers in dispute on the issue of FAR ( floor-area ratio), let the developers pay the applicable charges liable under the statute to the DDA,\" Justice Kohli said while asking the authority to fast-track the process in connection with a total of 30 towers while keeping four towers separately.HC also made it clear that the compounding charges have to be calculated on the basis of Master Plan 2021 and building byelaws. Also no contractual demand should come in the way of issuing the certificate, the court added. Justice Kohli also took a serious view of the DDA's pick and choose policy in issuing certificates to the flats and choosing towers arbitrarily for itself. It directed the land owning agency to keep four towers - number 5 and 15 (Emaar MGF share), and 26 and 29 (DDA's own share) - separately from the total 34 towers so that these can be allotted later to flat buyers in case some flats are demolished for violating building bylaws. The court passed the order after DDA's standing counsel, Ajay Verma, submitted the agency has begun the process of issuing completion certificate to the builder. The lawyer informed HC it would shortly issue certificates to the other towers after the builder clears all due.HC allowed DDA to start preparation for the auction of 110 flats. The urban development ministry came under fire for its failure to place its stand on the issue of resolving non compoundable excess FAR. Directing the ministry to file the affidavit within a week, the court warned any further delay will result in the secretary UD ministry being summoned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12012539", "title": "City\u2019s Armenian heritage attracts American author", "text": "CHENNAI: Feedback from his youngest and oldest readers is what first-time author John D Balian values the most.His youngest fan is his son John, who now wants to be called Jonah after the central character in his book 'Gray Wolves and White Doves', while the oldest is an 80-year-old man from Bengaluru who wrote him a letter of appreciation. \"I didn't expect my story to have such resonance,\" he said.The Armenian-American doctor was in Chennai on Thursday to launch his book based on the persecution of Armenians in Turkey during the 1960s and '70s. \"All the events in the book are real, based on my own experiences or those of my family, though it is a work of fiction. I have moved the events around to make the story flow better,\" said Balian, who was born in a remote village in eastern Turkey. He fled persecution from neo-fascists and migrated to the US when he was 16.The book, set in Turkey, Armenia , Syria and Jerusalem , talks of how Armenians were persecuted 50 years after the genocide of 1915 to 1919 when 1.5 million Armenians were massacred by the Ottoman Turks.\"Many books have been set during the genocide, which Turkey still does not acknowledge. My book is different in that it goes 50 years later to show how attitudes have still not changed. Even today, that sentiment exists among neo-fascists,\" he said, referring to the example of Nobel prize winner Orhan Pamuk getting into trouble over using the word 'genocide' to refer to the killings.Balian, who is looking for a distributor in India, said he chose Chennai for the India launch because he has visited the city many times while working for an healthcare corporate, and is familiar with its strong Armenian heritage. \"At the St Thomas Mount church, there are inscriptions in Armenian and Portuguese. There is an Armenian Church and street here and the world's first Armenian journal was published here 300 years ago,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12012584", "title": "Theatres shut to protest new service tax", "text": "CHENNAI: The usually bustling roads around cinema houses in the city wore a deserted look on Thursday as nearly 120 film screens were shut in protest against the Centre imposing service tax on the film industry. However, some theatres in the state were shut only from 6am to 6pm, sources said.There are 1,400 theatres in the state. The shutdown was called by the Film Federation of India to protest against the 10.3% service tax on selling cost imposed. \"Every time the movie is sold - from producer to distributor and to exhibitor - the tax has to be paid on the selling cost. This will add up to a service tax of 31%,\" said Tamil Nadu Cinema Theatres Owners Association (TNCTOA) joint secretary Trichy S Sridhar.A producer making a movie with Rs 10 crore would have to pay Rs 3 crore as tax alone, sources said. \"This is like killing an ailing industry. Nearly 92% of the movies released every year are a failure. Usually, service tax has to be borne by the end-user, but in this case as we are not allowed to increase ticket cost we have to bear the cost,\" said TNCTOA president Abirami Ramanathan.Cinema houses are said to have lost nearly Rs 10,000 each. \"The total loss is expected to be around Rs 4 crore. We want to tell the Centre we are against the hike as it will ruin the industry,\" said Sridhar.Some youngsters who didn't know about the strike and came to cinema halls were disappointed. \"I did not know the theatres were closed. I promised my girlfriend I would take her for a movie, but we had to return disappointed,\" said Randy Daniel of Perambur who came to a multiplex in Gopalapuram. Others decided to purchase pirated DVDs of new movies and watch them at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12013029", "title": "No traffic, transport engineers in city", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a city that is grappling with maddening flow of vehicles, there are no traffic engineering and transportation experts. The subject is not taught at city's engineering and architecture colleges.Even though College of Architecture (CCA) has decided to introduce traffic as an elective subject in urban planning, it has failed to find any resource persons in the region to run the course. \"The subject is primarily an engineering subject, but is not traditionally taught here. Though CCA is getting many queries, given the growing relevance of the subject, sadly there are no available faculties for it,\" said a senior CCA professor.A UT official said the UT engineering department too needs to take help from traffic police to work out traffic plans for the city. \"For the proposed Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) and dedicated lanes, it is being planned to rope in IIT, Roorkee, so that a futuristic roadmap could be drawn,\" he said.Traffic engineering makes effective use of engineering techniques for effective management of vehicles and achieving safe and efficient movement of people. \"The latest proposal of UT to put up traffic lights at more crossings needs to be analyzed properly by experts and there are hardly any in the city. Ideally, UT administration should hire consultants from outside for such projects,\" added a retired principal of an engineering college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12010631", "title": "Rajbala\u2019s kin say no to compensation, want guilty to be punished", "text": "GURGAON: The family members of Rajbala, who was fatally injured during the midnight crackdown by Delhi Police on Ramdev's fast at the Ramlila grounds in Delhi in June last year, has said that the financial compensation of Rs 5 lakh ordered by the apex court on Thursday means nothing to them.The aggrieved family members of the deceased said that they will not claim the compensation, and they want the culprits to be punished as per the law.\"We did not even ask for compensation. We want an independent inquiry into the matter because Delhi police have tampered with the CCTV footage. The footage that the police have submitted to the Supreme Court does not feature the way she was mercilessly beaten,\" said Rakesh Malik, daughter-in-law of the victim.Malik said her family will continue to fight for justice. \"All that we want is that the guilty should be booked so that no other family undergoes the same tragedy in the future. We will continue this fight.\"Rajbala's 60-year-old husband, Jagbir Singh Malik, also said that Thursday's order was disappointing for his family.\"We don't need any monetary compensation. We only want the guilty to be punished,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12010704", "title": "Court rejects Unitech\u2019s plea for injunction against World Spa RWA", "text": "GURGAON: A district court rejected interim relief to Unitech Ltd and Unitech Property Management Ltd in their plea for an injunction against the RWA of World Spa, a luxury residential complex.The real estate major had filed a case against the RWA of World Spa in Sectors 30 and 41 in the local court seeking a stay and injunction to refrain the association from collecting maintenance charges from the residents.During a hearing on Thursday, the court of civil judge Vijay Singh refused to grant an interim injunction in favour of the plaintiffs. The residents, on the other hand, have filed an application for dismissal of the plea for which Unitech is supposed to submit its reply during the next hearing on February 28.An injunction is an equitable remedy in the form of a court order that requires a party to do or refrain from doing specific acts. A party that fails to comply with an injunction faces criminal or civil penalties and may have to pay damages or accept sanctions.In its plea, Unitech stated that the \"apartment buyers had till recently been discharging their legal and contractual obligation of paying maintenance charges (to the company).\"But it was allegedly stopped since December 1 last year. The realtor has also submitted to the court that operations and maintenance of the project have not been handed over to the residents' body. Therefore, the maintenance and service agreement was executed between the builder and the residents.An agreement had been signed by the resident's registered body and the maintenance agency, Unitech Property Management Pvt Ltd, under which the company was collecting maintenance charges at the rate of Rs 2.50 per sq-ft per month of the super area. In addition to this, the residents were paying service tax from the date of actual possession. The buyers also had to pay an amount of Rs 75 per sq-ft of the super area as interest free maintenance security - this was to be refunded to the residents' body.However, the builder has transferred possession of about 90 % of the apartments to the buyers. The residents claim that the service agreement had expired in May 2010. \"Unitech was seeking monies for an agreement that had expired in 2010 and was trying to imprison the residents of World Spa complex in to a maintenance regime that has failed to deliver,\" said Pooja Aganpal, advocate of the RWA.When asked for comments on the legal development, an official spokesperson of Unitech said: \"The RWA has been collecting maintenance charges and since the maintenance responsibility and operations continues to remain with the property management agency therefore an injunction against the collection of the maintenance charges was sought. The court has posted this matter for Feb 28 for hearing. We cannot comment on the merits as the matter is sub judice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12012300", "title": "Nilekani panel backs e-payment for all govt transactions over Rs 1,000", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Nandan Nilekani-headed panel has recommended that all government payments over Rs 1,000 should be made or received electronically as this would help reduce graft and bring about greater transparency and accountability.The final report of the task force on Aadhar-Enabled Unified Payment structure has also recommended that beneficiaries of all social safety net programmes such as the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act and recipients of direct subsidy transfer payments (cooking gas, fertilisers, kerosene, etc) can benefit by receiving their payments electronically, directly into their accounts at either banks or post offices.In order to reduce the use of cash in the economy, the task force has said that government and government owned institutions accept electronic payments at all locations where they collect payments from citizens, without any additional surcharge.The task force has also said frontline development workers such as school teachers, Anganwadi workers, ASHA workers, who often do not receive their salaries on time, can also receive their salaries by direct deposit into their accounts at banks and post offices.It also has recommended that a network of 10,00,000 interoperable micro ATMs operated by business correspondents be set up across the country for people to access their accounts at their own convenience.In order to set up this network quickly, the task force said a last mile transaction fee of 3.14% with a cap of Rs 20 per transaction be paid by the government to banks for government payments.\"This will also lead to positive network externalities such as reduction in leakages and achieving financial inclusion. In order to reduce the use of cash in the economy, the task force also recommends that government and government owned institutions accept electronic payments at all locations where they collect payments from citizens, without any additional surcharge,\" a finance ministry statement said quoting the report.Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said that Aadhaar-enabled payment system would help not only in ensuring timely payments directly to the intended beneficiaries but would also help in reducing the time, transaction costs and the leakages.The finance minister said this would also help in bringing transparency in the system and reduce avoidable delays. Nilekani presented the report to the finance minister. Mukherjee also said pilot projects be scaled up and implemented in more areas and in more states.So far pilot projects are mainly implemented in the areas of cooking gas, kerosene, fertilizers and the MGNREGS scheme.Nilekani said a strategic transformation of governance can be brought about by using electronic payments across the board. He said the task force has recommended a systematic platform based approach for electronic payments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12011220", "title": "Raids on liquor syndicate: Andhra MLAs prevail, ACB not to make \u2018names\u2019 of politicians public", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana is camping in New Delhi reportedly to stall the ongoing ACB raids on liquor syndicate in the state, several Congress MLAs are busy pleading with chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy not to reveal anymore names (of those in the syndicate) on the grounds that it will damage the interests and the image of the ruling party in the long run.In response to several representations made to him by the ruling party legislators during the last week, Kiran Kumar Reddy has reportedly directed the ACB not to make public anymore names. The Special Investigation Team (SIT), comprising senior officials in the ACB and entrusted with the responsibility of exposing the liquor syndicate, has been directed to show restrain for some days, the sources said.A team of ACB officials met the chief minister in the Assembly premises on Thursday, and were told by Kiran Kumar not to 'leak' information to the media or the public without cross-checking the same. They were also allegedly told by the CM to go cautious on people with political affiliations. \"We are yet to prepare the final report on the state-wide raids as some more districts have to be covered. But so far, the raids in Warangal, Nellore, Guntur, Prakasam, East Godavari and Ranga Reddy districts have revealed a wide network of liquor rackets,\" said a senior ACB official.As per the ACB's preliminary report, there are 72 legislators including six ministers who invested in the liquor trade while four ministers are said to be in the payroll of the syndicates on the promise of protection from the raids. The names of followers and relatives of Roads and Buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao, horticulture minister Ramreddy Venkata Reddy, transport minister Botsa Satyanarayana and excise minister M Venakata Ramana Rao were leaked to the media as figured in the ACB report during raids, but do not find a place in the preliminary report, sources said.With several legislators actively taking part in the liquor business as investors and 'protectors', the Congress party leadership in the state is divided over the fallout of the raids by the ACB. While some leaders who have role in the syndicates see it as threat to their financial roots, others say this will give a clean image to the party in the future. \"People will certainly welcome these raids as they are meant to stop the looting by the liquor syndicates. We will not allow some traders to loot the state,\" Botsa told TOI over telephone from New Delhi. The PCC chief is busy meeting party leaders in the Capital and is slated to return to the state on Friday.Meanwhile, the AP Wine Dealers Association, which threatened to surrender the liquor licences, decided against it on Thursday after the excise department invoked the bank guarantees given by the wine shop owners. \"The excise department invoked our bank guarantees and credited the amount in their account. Now we have no other go but to wait till the completion of the licence year which ends in June 2012,\" D Venkateswara Rao, secretary, APWDA said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12012271", "title": "Plans for Kumbh Mela, govt projects likely to politically realign NMC", "text": "NASHIK: Kumbh Mela scheduled for 2015 and the need for funds from the state and the Central government for Nashik's development are likely to play a crucial role in realignment of political parties, as they try to take control of the Nashik Municipal Corporation. With no single party or alliance getting the requisite majority to rule the civic body, the coalition that will take control of the NMC would be an important cog in conducting the mela and developing the city.\"The stakes are very high...It is not just gaining control of the NMC or wresting power from the Sena-BJP (alliance),\" a senior NCP leader said, \"The next Kumbh Mela is scheduled in 2015 and over the next three years, there is going to be a massive exercise to prepare for it...planning and creating infrastructure for visiting hermits and pilgrims. Also, the NMC will require the cooperation and sufficient financial assistance to complete ongoing infrastructure projects, which are going to be showcased for the 2014 Lok Sabha and assembly polls.\"Considering that about Rs 300 crore were spent for creating facilities for the previous Kumbh mela held in 2003, the estimates for the forthcoming Kumbh may cross Rs 1,000 crore. Moreover, special attention would be paid for crowd management, besides security and safety aspects for the next Kumbh, because during the last event, 40 pilgrims had died during a stampede near the Godavari on one of the days of the holy dip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12013019", "title": "Maternity benefits for contractual teachers to be reviewed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sarv Siksha Abhiyan (SSA) Society is reviewing the directions issued by the department of personnel, UT, denying maternity leave benefits to hundreds of Sarva Siksha Abhiyan teachers working on contractual basis. According to the new policy, teachers on contract were to get 12 weeks non payable leave instead of six months maternity leave as per the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961.Exploring possibilities as to why the SSA society might have taken it for reviewing, Arvind Rana, president of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan Teachers' Welfare Association ( SSATWA), Chandigarh, said, \"There can be three reasons - first one being the Supreme Court's orders, second the provisions of the Maternity Act, 1961, and third the letter SSA society has issued stating that teachers on contract will be given 84 days payable maternity leave. It's possible that they were not aware of it previously, but we had spoken to them verbally about it.\" In January, the personnel department had directed UT education department to deny maternity benefits to teachers on contract, which was being seen as violation of Supreme Court's orders that states - \"the provisions of the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961, were not to be confined to regular women employees, but extended to women on casual, contractual, ad hoc basis or on muster roll.\"The contractual women teachers argue that they have been serving the field of education for more than seven years in UT schools, performing the same tasks as their permanent counterparts and were entitled maternity leave with pay for three months until 2011. \"We have been recruited on contract, but otherwise we are permanent as we have been working from last seven years. Also, the process to turn us into regular employees has been started,\" said Arvind, a teacher working on contract.Despite repeated attempts UT education cum finance secretary and the chairperson of SSA and education secretary V K Singh and DPI Sandeep Hans were not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011790", "title": "No recall of parking lot circular: BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC on Thursday told the Bombay High Court that it would not withdraw its circular imposing conditions for the development of public parking lots.A division bench of Justice D K Deshmukh and Justice R Y Ganoo was hearing a clutch of petitions by developers challenging the June 2011 circular issued by the municipal commissioner. Following the circular, sanctioned proposals were cancelled and developers told to re-submit plans with modifications.Their counsels urged the court to quash the circular saying the commissioner did not have the power to pass such an order. It was argued that DCR 33 (24) was a delegated legislation and there could not be a further delegation. BMC counsel E P Bharucha submitted that the civic body would move the state for modification of the relevant DC rules. \"There are parties that have accepted the terms of the circular and have taken permission accordingly,\" said Bharucha, adding that the BMC does not want to withdraw the circular due to this. He also said the BMC would process the petitioners' applications in accordance with the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12012173", "title": "Architecture students bring home accolades", "text": "MUMBAI: The stairways to the Mount Mary Church in Bandra can be designed in order to make optimum use of the space around the church. Druk White Lotus School in Ladakh, picturized in the film 3 Idiots , is an ideal structure to show how buildings can be made more sustainable in extreme weather conditions. Students from three architecture colleges in the city won the final prizes at a recent convention of National Association of Students of Architecture ( NASA ), where more than 120 colleges participated from the country and some from the SAARC nations.Students from Rizvi College of Architecture, Academy of Architecture and LS Raheja School of Architecture have won prizes in the annual convention held at Ahmedabad. One of the students group from LSR College, travelled all over the country to finalize a site for the trophy on Analysis of Structures. After visiting eight to ten sites, they finalized the Ladakh school. \"It was designed keeping in mind the traditional Ladakhi structures, at the same time it was contemporary with the use of modern technology. The rooms inside were designed with elements to ensure maximum solar heat is captured to keep warm. We surveyed the campus and spoke to students, teachers and the London-based designers. We made the visit when winter was just setting in, so experienced how such structures can be made sustainable and livable in extreme conditions,\" said Amit Nambiar.The team of Akshay Kore and Priyanka Menon, who visited Chitrakoot, won citations in the Back To Basics trophy. They visited the place where lord Ram, Lakshman and Sita lived for 11 years during exile. The objective was to collect myths and legends, analyze them and give a modern day explanation.The group that designed the stairways to Mount Mary Church in Bandra got special mention in the Landscape Design trophy. A student, Kaustubh Mitekar, said, \"We designed the place to make optimum use of the empty space around the staircase, which is now used as dumping ground and by drunkards. We divided it into three levels-spiritual, interactive and public spaces-to make it livelier and usable even in times other than the fair. We spoke to the church priests and architects for solutions.\"They suggested creating a water curtain, formal and informal interactive places under shades of existing trees, an amphitheatre, candle-stands, etc.Rizvi College of Architecture won citation for Reubens trophy, which comprises students' academic work, and also a special mention in the Re-design trophy. Rachna Sansad's Academy of Architecture won the citation for documentation, analysis and conservation of heritage sites and in re-design too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12012083", "title": "Big B discharged from hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: After 13 days of hospital stay, actor Amitabh Bachchan went home on Thursday late evening. He was recuperating at Seven Hills Hospital in Marol after being operated upon for hernia.Doctors treating the superstar said he was \"doing well\" and after a few days of rest he should be back on his feet. Bachchan was operated for bilateral inguinal hernia, a condition where soft tissues protrude through weak spots in the abdominal wall and cause pain. Bachchan's son Abhishek and wife Jaya accompanied him on his way home.Bachchan had to undergo back-to-back surgeries to repair the dual hernia he was diagnosed with. During the hospital stay, the actor was also administered mild doses of antibiotics and protein intravenously owing to his liver's vulnerable condition. He could have gone home few days after the hernia surgery but doctors kept him under observation for a few days as his liver functions were \"little weak\".He tweeted on Thursday, \"The beauty of taking a shower without the tapes and wires and bandages .. it's like being reborn\". Earlier, Bachchan had blogged about the pangs of living with a 6 inch needle entrenched in his neck vein.Doctors relieved him of tubes on Wednesday after which he could walk around comfortably. He was allowed to take discharge on Wednesday itself when doctors figured he was healing well. Bachchan, in his blog, had said how there were two incisions on the lower belly. \"They (the incisions) look clean and neat, but obviously a presence you would rather not have among the already rather congested stomach,\" he blogged. The actor may not have to visit the hospital for follow-ups as it will be taken care of at his residence.This was the fourth surgery Bachchan had to undergo since his near-fatal intestinal injury in 1982. He was gravely injured during the filming of Coolie in one of the fight scenes. The accident had ruptured his spleen and had caused significant blood loss and eventually gave rise to serious liver problems. He had remained critically ill in hospital for many months, at a few times close to death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011581", "title": "Maharashtra \r governor in hospital after fainting in Pune", "text": "MUMBAI: After he collapsed at a public function in Pune on Thursday, Maharashtra governor K Sankaranarayanan was shifted to Mumbai in an Indian Air Force helicopter and admitted to Bombay Hospital.\"While addressing a public function at Nigadi, he felt dizzy. Then he was admitted to a local hospital and after initial treatment, shifted to Bombay Hospital. His condition is normal,\" a Raj Bhavan official said. Sankaranarayanan, who was camping in Goa, where he is holding additional charge, reached Pune on Thursday for the inauguration of Kerala Bhavan in Nigadi.The complex has been constructed by the Chinchwad Malayalee Samaj. After delivering speech, the governor was set to felicitate the architect who designed the building, however, he suddenly he felt dizzy and had to be supported by an aide. Later, he was immediately admitted to a local hospital. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan rushed to the hospital.In view of the assembly polls, Sankaranarayanan was scheduled to return to Panaji immediately after the function. On January 9, Sankaranarayanan underwent major surgery for removal of a block at Bombay Hospital. \"The governor needed rest to recover after the surgery. However, he continued with his routine appointments. We expect that he will resume work in a day or two,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "jaipur/barmer", "code": "12012545", "title": "Raje, Jaswant bury hatchet; tour Barmer", "text": "JAIPUR/BARMER: With an eye on the next assembly as well as Lok Sabha polls, senior BJP leaders Vasundhara Raje and Jaswant Singh buried their differences and have started a joint tour of Barmer district. The two senior leaders shared the dais while addressing public rallies during a two-day tour of the district.\"It was a show of unity all through. While former Barmer MP and Jaswant Singh's son Manvendra was driving the vehicle, Raje took the passenger's seat and Jaswant Singh took the back seat. The message was clear - we are together,'' said a local BJP leader.The differences between Vasundhara Raje and Jaswant Singh were out in the open during the last elections in the state, which created problems during ticket distribution. The internal differences followed by the discontent among the party members in the district was seen as a major reason for the BJP's poor performance then. Manvendra Singh , who was the sitting MP then, lost to Harish Chowdhary in the May 2009 Lok Sabha Polls. The events lined up for the two days are also seen as an attempt to regain the lost ground for Manvendra in the district.On Thursday, Raje's popularity among the masses was obvious during a public meeting held at Chauhatan township in Barmer. She lambasted the state government on issues of unemployment and power. She said Congress is not only misusing the CBI but also threatening the CBI.Raje said people have come to know the real face of the Congress and countdown of the government has started. Calling people to throwout the Gehlot govt, she said during the BJP government's time the government treasury were filled and Rajasthan had come out of the Bimaru status. Today, the condition has come to same.In the last three years, Gehlot has pushed the state into a big mess. Farmers are crying for water and electricity, she said.Senior leader Jaswant Singh said farmers had grown crops with hard work, but their crops were destroyed due to cold wave. He said it was the duty of the government to understand the farmers' pain and it is not less than fulfilling 'Raj Dharma'. He demanded Gehlot govt to immediately announce relief package to farmers in ground frost affected areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12013834", "title": "Flex banners and boards a cause of concern for greens", "text": "SALEM: While AIADMK supremo and chief minister J Jayalalithaa's 64th birthday will be celebrated by planting 2 lakh saplings in the district to stress the importance of preserving the environment, her party men seem to be negating her efforts by putting up hoardings, flex boards and banners across the district, thereby polluting the environment.The Salem division of the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage ( INTACH) had recently sent its representation against flex banners to the chief minister's cell. Its co-convener S Sharavanan said, \"The city produces thousands of flex banners, as it is the preferred means of advertising for politicians and commercial establishments.\"INTACH's convener Meenakshi Sethu said, \"The flex banners are made of poly-vinyl chloride. It causes a serious threat to the environment, as it is not bio-degradable. When burnt, they emit toxic fumes that have serious effects on health. It can cause cancer and infertility.\"\"The municipal authorities and the pollution control board have failed to prevent people from burning flex banners that have been disposed off,\" Sharavanan said.Salem city corporation commissioner M Asokan said there is a provision in government rules that allow banners and hoardings to be put up on the occasion of celebrations. As per the rules, they can be placed for a total of five days. The hoardings which have been put up ahead of the chief minister's birthday, will be removed within two days after the celebrations, he said. Nearly 1,500 flex boards, banners and hoardings have been removed in the city in the past one month, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12012367", "title": "Govt hunts for donors to uplift tribals' plight", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre is looking at donations from both civil society and state governments to fund Bharat Rural Livelihoods Foundation (BRLF), a plan to upscale activity of voluntary bodies to transform the lives of tribals.Union rural development ministry has devised the plan to encourage NGOs, in partnership with states, in areas that would increase livelihood opportunities and quality of life of tribals in 170 districts of Odisha, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Gujarat.RD minister Jairam Ramesh has written to chief ministers for their feedback, informing he would call a meeting for interaction between states and NGOs active there. The BRLF would start with a corpus of Rs 500 crore from the Centre, and would seek contributions from state governments, philanthropic foundations and trusts and civil society.Ramesh has sought feedback from CMs so that ideas about the functioning of BRLF and its area of activity can be discussed during the planned meeting here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12011283", "title": "BSF Inter-frontier shooting competition from today", "text": "INDORE: The Border Security Force (BSF) will hold the Inter-frontier Shooting Competition from February 24 to 29 at BSF Revathi Range, Sanwer Road here.Addressing media persons, Rakesh Sharma , DIG and Commandant (BSF) said all the 11 frontiers of the BSF including Kashmir, Jammu, Punjab, Rajasthan, Gujarat, North Bengal, South Bengal, Malda, Assam , Mani-and-Kachhar, Tripur will take part in the annual mega event.\"The talent from the competition would then be selected for major competitions at national and international levels,\" said the Commandant, adding that total 96 medals including 32- gold, 32- silver, and 32 bronze will be given away to the winners.Two prestigious trophies-Platoon Wespon Trophy and General Raina Trophy are the attraction of the contest. The BSF has developed the Revathi range into Nishanebaj gaon (village), which has all the facilities right from entertainment to boarding and lodging. The event is happening in Indore since 1987.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12013875", "title": "Is the sky falling?", "text": "It seems that the sky above your head is falling gradually, as scientists have found that the height of clouds has been shrinking gradually over the last 10 years.The time frame is short, but if future observations show that clouds are truly getting lower, it could have an important effect on global climate change, researchers said. Clouds that are lower in the atmosphere would allow the Earth to cool more efficiently, potentially offsetting some of the warming caused by greenhouse gases, they pointed out.\"We don't know exactly what causes the cloud heights to lower,\" study researcher Roger Davies of the University of Auckland was quoted as saying. \"But it must be due to a change in the circulation patterns that give rise to cloud formation at high altitude.\" The researchers found that the global average cloud height decreased by around 1% over the decade, a distance of 100 to 130 feet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12013819", "title": "Now, a vest that alerts you of heart attack", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have developed a new cardiac vest that can diagnose heart attacks as soon as they happen, a feat they say could lead to new ways of treating heart patients.The electrocardiograph (ECG) technology, which has been around for the past 60 years, has its limitations and patients have to face delays of up to 12 hours for blood test results, during which continuing damage may be done.But the new cardiac vest, developed by a British company, can give doctors detailed information within minutes about whether a patient is suffering an attack and where within the heart the problem is situated.The UK's Bradford Royal Infirmary will be the first hospital in the world to use the revolutionary cardiac vest, which contains 80 sensors attached to a patient's chest and back. If trials of the new \"Heartscape\" device are successful, sufferers could be diagnosed up to 12 hours earlier than usual, the researchers said.Dr James Dunbar, consultant physician at the Bradford Royal Infirmary, said the vest would enable speedier treatment for heart attack patients and also detect signs of heart disease. \"It will help us gain an instant in-depth 3D view, making it easier to interpret if a patient is having a heart attack, enabling treatment to start earlier,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12012194", "title": "CAG raps power discoms for mounting losses", "text": "GURGAON: The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) has pulled up the two state power distribution companies, Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (UHBVN) and Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN), for increased losses and operational inefficiency.In a report tabled in the Haryana Assembly on Thursday for the year 2010-11, the CAG found that the financial health of both these power utilities were in a mess with accumulated losses Rs 6,127 crore, up from Rs 1,774 crore, due to heavy interest on loans, aggregate technical and commercial losses and increase in employee cost.With regard to the central scheme - Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojna - the report highlighted that UHBVN incurred expenditure in excess of funds received, while DHBVN could not fully utilize the funds.Moreover, there were inordinate delays in completion of projects under this scheme which envisages providing power connection to BPL households in rural areas.The two companies also faced the wrath of the CAG for the huge increase in revenue gap from Rs 403 crore in 2006-07 to Rs 1,663 crore in 2009-10.The bill collection efficiency of UHBVN and DHBVN also came under fire, with CAG finding outstanding dues from customers rising considerably.The amount recoverable from consumers in the case of UHBVN increased from Rs 1,482 crore to Rs 2,377 crore and for DHBVN from Rs 1,388 crore to Rs 2,250 crore during 2006-07 till 2010-11, according to the report.Assessing the performance of 22 working public sector undertakings (PSU), the auditor found that they incurred losses of Rs 1,239 crore in 2010-11, while accumulated losses touched a high of Rs 5,676 crore. The CAG underscored the need for professionalism and accountability required in running PSUs.During 2010-11, out of 22 working PSUs, 17 undertakings earned profit of Rs 426 crore while the rest faced losses of 1,665 crore. The CAG also took Haryana State Roads and Bridges Development Corporation Ltd to task for not completing road projects in time. It found that of the 25 NCR road works undertaken between 2006-07 to 2010-11, none was completed in time.While five works valuing Rs 312 crore were completed with delay of 10-16 months, 14 ongoing works valuing Rs 1,249 crore were behind schedule by 5-15 months as on March 31, 2011. In the civil report, CAG critisised Kurukshetra University for not preparing balance sheet.It also found that there was a 26% shortage of staff for general courses and 61% for self-financing courses which affected the quality of education and led to fewer successful candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12011910", "title": "Antique Jain idols stolen", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three idols of Jain tirthankars were stolen from a derasar in Gota on Wednesday morning. The trustees of the derasar filed a complaint for theft on Thursday. The trustees also accused Sarkhej police of going slow in registering the complaint.According to Sarkhej police officials, Sanjay Shah, a resident of Gota Housing Board and trustee of Shubh Mangalya Jain Shwetambar Sangh, filed a complaint that somebody stole three mixed-metal idols of tirthankars from sanctum sanctorum of the derasar.\"As per his complaint, the derasar was opened at 6 am on Wednesday for the devotees. At that time, a number of nearby citizens visited the derasar. After 45 minutes, the new entrants noticed that there were no idols in their place and raised an alarm. The premises were sealed for search, but the idols of Ajitnath, Parshwanath and Mahavir Swami were not found. Out of three, Ajitnath idol is considered to be 1000-years old,\" said a Sarkhej police official.The derasar trustees said on Thursday that the police waited for the main trustee to come from Mumbai to register the complaint and start investigation in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12011258", "title": "Builder duped of Rs 12.5 lakh in city", "text": "INDORE: An unidentified person duped a builder of Rs 12.5 lakh in Central Kotawali area in the city on Thursday. In another incident, an employee with a cargo company was conned by an unidentified person of Rs 1 lakh.Police said that the builder identified as Nikki Nema was driving his car, when a man approached waved at him and told that a bag fell down from the vehicle. When Nikki stopped the car and alighted from it to pick his bag, the stranger grabbed the bag, which was carrying Rs 12.5 lakh and kept on the front seat, from his vehicle and fled the spot. Police have registered an offence against the unidentified person.In another incident of duping, an accountant with Bengal-Bihar Cargo Company was conned to the tune of Rs 1 lakh in Bhanwarkuan on Wednesday. The incident took place on the premises of ICICI Bank, said police.Police said that the victim, Jamnalal Sonkar, was in the bank to withdraw Rs 1.5 lakh on the instruction of the company manger, Vinay Agrawal. When he withdrew the money, an unidentified person approached him asking if he was from the cargo company. When Sonkar replied in the affirmative, the accused knew the manager (Agrawal) well and told Sonkar that he owed Rs 3.5 lakh to his manager.Police said that the accused asked Sonkar to accompany him to his office, which is on the third floor of the building, to collect Rs 3.5 lakh amount. When, duo was in the lift, the accused asked Sonkar to hand over Rs 1 lakh for a while and assured to return it in the office. Unaware of the danger, Jamnalal gave him Rs 1 lakh.The accused then asked Sonkar to go to his office to collect the money as he had to meet somebody downstairs and said that he would reach his office there soon.When Jamnalal reached the third floor, he did not find any office as told by the accused. He ran down the building to find the accused but in vain as he had disappeared by then.Police registered a case against the unidentified accused and a search has been launched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12013069", "title": "HC bans book for using foul language", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Thursday put a ban on the publication of a book, which allegedly used foul language against the Lucknow bench and its judges. A bench of Chief Justice Syed Rafat Alam and Justice SN Shukla directed the principal secretary of the state to immediately take notice of the allegations made in the writ petition as well as contents of the book and consider to take appropriate actions u/s 95 of CrPC to stop the publication, printing, sale and circulation of the book.The bench posted the matter on March 3, further directing the principal secretary (Home) to consider to seize all the copies of the book, which are available in the state. The bench observed that the allegations levelled in the book against the Lucknow bench and its judges are highly scandalous.\"The book contains derogatory remarks against the judiciary and the judges of this court,\" said the bench. The allegations have potential to disturb the respect of the judiciary among the general public, observed the court.The book, which is authored by Devendra Kumar Dikshit contains foul language against the higher judiciary. A local lawyer Dinesh Kumar Tripathi had filed a PIL seeking ban on the book titled 'Nyaylay Bana Bhrastalay'. The petitioner stated that the publication not only contains highly scandalous and derogatory remarks against the Lucknow bench and its judges, but also tends to destroy the respect of the judiciary and damage the whole institution of judiciary. It was contended that the publication had not been made after seeking approval u/s 9 of the Press and Registration of Books Act, 1867.The petitioner further said that the author and publisher committed offences u/s 153(A), 153(B) and 292 (IPC). He further said that since the circulation of the book has to be immediately stopped, he has instead of approaching the government authorities, rushed to the court for quick interference.The court found the submission of the petitioner correct and issued notice to the author for his response. The court also directed its registry to issue copy of the order to the chief standing counsel Upendra Nath Mishra on the day itself for forthwith compliance by the state authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12012626", "title": "CBI raids residence of suspended FACT official", "text": "KOCHI: CBI sleuths on Thursday raided the residence of the V Murali Nair, general manager (finance coordinator) of FACT, who was suspended two months ago on charges of financial misappropriation.CBI officials told TOI that they have detected around Rs 22.6 lakh in his undisclosed bank account.His bank accounts have been frozen by the CBI. According to the CBI officials, Murali was receiving illegal gratification from the FACT dealers in different south Indian cities.\"He was receiving illegal payments from both genuine and fake agents. As per the reports received by us he was conniving with those dealers in creating shortage of fertilizer in the market and then selling them at a higher rate. There are reports that he had collected cash directly from the dealers apart from the money sent through the bank. But that amount we are not able to quantify,'' a CBI official said and added that the charges cover the three-and-a-half year period of operations of Murali when he was FACT's general manager (marketing).The vigilance wing of the company had launched a departmental enquiry against Murali after receiving complaints. It found that there were many company officials who were helping Murali and one of them had reportedly turned approver. The internal inquiry had also found evidences of Murali having received illegal gratification to the tune of Rs 22 lakh. FACT management suspended him on December 2 , 2011 after the vigilance inquiry report.\"A chargesheet against the suspended official would be submitted soon, based on the inquiry,'' a FACT official said. \"We had also gone to the previous office of Murali to verify some records. The new officer there cooperated with us and we need not conduct any raids,'' a CBI official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011691", "title": "City to gets its 50th mayor on March 5", "text": "NAGPUR: The second capital of Maharashtra will get its 50th mayor on March 5, as the state election commission has issued directives to the municipal commissioner to ensure the new body occupies the house on March 5. As a result, the municipal commissioner is expected to announce the election procedures to nominate city mayor, deputy mayor and 16-members standing committee on March 24.Sources in NMC confirmed the development and said that the municipal commissioner has already issued letters to the 145 elected corporators informing them about the development. The nomination forms for mayor, deputy mayor and 16-members standing committee will be accepted on March 1, while the formal announcement will be made on March 5, said the source.The five-year tenure of the 136 led-corporators' house ends on March 4, 2012, the civic administration is supposed to form the new government on March 5, which will continue till March 4, 2017.Meanwhile, the state election commissioner had published the gazette notification for the corporation elections on February 21.As per the notifications, all the 145 corporators were asked to register themselves with the divisional commissioner office before the new house was formed. If any elected public representative fails to submit his or her election winning certificate or copy of gazette notification with the divisional commissioner office, the NMC will have the authority to slap a fine of Rs 1,000 on them. \"Besides this, they will be penalized with Rs 50 a day,\" stated the notification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12011408", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation to beautify roads for UN biodiversity meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: Come March and the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) will begin preparations for the Conference of Parties (CoP) on Biodiversity, which is to be held in the city in October.The civic body will repair and beautify about 120km of road for the conference.Disclosing this at a news conference on Thursday, mayor Majid Hussain and commissioner MT Krishna Babu said that with representatives from 193 countries set to attend, every stretch along which the delegates were likely to move would be refurbished. Thus, the area around the Hitex convention centre, Hi-Tec City, airport, five star hotels and tourist spots and places of historical interest would be spruced up by GHMC.The mayor revealed that a city-level summit would be held with delegates from various countries in the walk up to the event which would later also be discussed in the main conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12012666", "title": "Engineering college dropout among those killed", "text": "CHENNAI: Vinod Kumar, one of the five suspects killed on Thursday, was a dropout of an engineering college in the city's suburbs. Kumar, caught doing a recce in a CCTV grab, was involved in sourcing students from the northern states for a commission from private colleges.On Thursday, as students of colleges in Potheri and Kattankulathur gathered around tea shops and eateries, speaking about the encounter, Vinod Kumar was remembered as \"a quarrelsome guy, who was fond of money.\"Some students said they knew Vinod Kumar as a brash man who wielded tremendous clout. \"He was feared in this area, where hundreds of students resided. These gangs used to settle personal scores, whether it was related to admissions or love affairs,\" said Akhil Gupta (name changed), owner of a dhaba in the area.\"They lived the high life, flew down expensive call girls from Mumbai and Bangalore and zipped around in flashy cars that they hired on a daily basis. Every other day there was a brawl near the entrance of the SRM University campus. The boys' hostel and the residences of students, if checked, would yield a major cache of drugs and arms,\" said Gupta.Autorickshaw drivers in the area who saw the television grab of Vinod Kumar said, \"He was a frequent visitor to a posh apartment complex in Potheri, where he and his friends used to drink and party.\"Another shopkeeper, who did not wish to be identified, said, \"It was surprising that students had so much money to blow up every day. Now people know where that money came from. Crime has never paid and I hope this incident will open the eyes of other youngsters.''The source of this income, students say, is the admissions racket that yields around Rs 50,000 or more for every student these \"agents\" bring from their states. In many cases, it is a percentage of the money (fees plus donation) paid by a student to the college. It can be as high as 10%. Since so much money is involved, many \"gangs\" have sprung up and frequent clashes break out among them, other students said.Vinod, dhaba owner Gupta said, had once brandished a weapon in a fight between two gangs - one from UP and the other from Bihar. Other residents of the suburbs, including Guduvanchery and Maraimalainagar, where a large of number of these students reside said it was time police kept tabs on these students.\"Five of them get together and rent a house for Rs 20,000. The owner has no clue about them. The real estate brokers are to be blamed as they jack up the rents for their benefit and crooks become tenants in the neighbourhood,\" said Salim Pervez, a resident of Potheri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12012001", "title": "Cop's goon son terrorizing Nift students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of National Institute of Fashion Technology (Nift), Gandhinagar, are a frightened lot as a local goon is hounding them and roughing them up every now and then. Early on Wednesday the goon, with a gang of his friends, thrashed a student and two security personnel of the institute.According to the students, one of their peers of the first year was on his way to drop two girls (his classmates) on a two-wheeler to their apartment at around 5 am. The students had been working in the institute the whole night in preparation of their annual festival called 'Spectrum'.On the way, a white Hyundai i-20 overtook them and forced them to stop. A group of boys emerged out of the car and slapped the boy and threatened the students with dire consequences if they did not show respect to their ring leader who they identified as 'Sunny Suthar'. Apparently, the gang was enraged that the student had not stopped when it tried to flag him down him earlier.At around 5:30 am the group of boys reached the Nift campus and thrashed the security personnel with the guards' batons. \"The group of boys in the same car came wearing masks and thrashed the guards and threw around chairs without any sort of provocation. The incident has scared all of us,\" said a Nift student who witnessed the assault and vandalism. The students also said that they had called the police who arrived but left with the goons. \"Sunny owes his immunity to his father, deputy superintendent of police at the anti-corruption bureau, C T Suthar,\" a student said.When TOI enquired, the Nift director Sameeta Rajora, said: \"We have got several complaints against Sunny Suthar from my students and security guards. In fact, an FIR had been lodged at the Sector 7 police station against him in November 2011, for breaking the window panes of the security room at the main gate of our institute's campus. However, no action seems to have been taken yet.\"KSS Security, the agency handling the security services for Nift Gandhinagar, lodged a police complaint at Sector 7 police station on Wednesday. The complaint however did not mention the name of Sunny. It said the goons were masked.\"We have lodged a complaint in the case and have formed a team to investigate into the matter,\" said Archana Shivhare SP of Gandhinagar. \"Necessary action will be taken to identify and locate the trouble makers.\" She also said that the security of educational institutions in and around Gandhingar was being reviewed by the police.\"This area has seen the mushrooming of so many institutes where girls and boys from various states come to study,\" said Rajora. \"However if the sons of influential people start misbehaving like this, the students will be threatened and the state's image of being 'safe for girls' will be tainted. Hope authorities swing into action to restore the security and peacefulness of this place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "12011682", "title": "Panchayat raj panel chief to probe fund collection reports", "text": "BHANDARA: Panchayat raj committee (PRC) will probe into reports of fund collection from zilla parishad employees for the PRC visit to Bhandara zilla parishad, said PRC chairman and MLA Babanrao Shinde while addressing local media persons in government circuit house today.The committee consists of 25 members of state legislative assembly and council. Sixteen members have come to the district to visit Bhandara zilla parishad and agenda of the committee was to know about audit objections and its compliance of the year 2004-05. Four groups, each consisting four members, visited various establishments of zilla parishad spread in the district.Asked about the fund collection of Rs 3,000 to Rs 5,000 per employee of zilla parishad in the name of the PRC visit, Shinde replied that the committee was unaware of such fund collection and that he would inquire into the matter.He further said that the committee had visited public health centres, ZP schools, veterinary hospitals, MREGS works, anganwadis, grampanchayat office and roads. \"We found that deliveries in public health centres are performed, doctors are found present in PHCs, veterinary doctors are also performing their duties honestly and works under MREGS are satisfactory. Labour attendance is increasing but wages are given late, midday meal scheme is implemented in schools regularly but cooking of meals is done in the open. There should be a special room to cook the midday meal. Out of 202 students heart patients, 156 have been operated and that is the big achievement for the zilla parishad,\" he said.Regarding lacunae found during PRC tour, secretaries of the departments concerned shall be summoned before committee for their deposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011724", "title": "Nine-day book fest kicks off in city this weekend", "text": "NEW DELHI: Centenary celebrations, a dedicated children's pavilion and international participation will take centrestage at the capital's 20th World Book Fair this year. Another unique feature of this year's fair is a 'Rights Table' set up to facilitate trade negotiations.Starting February 25 at Pragati Maidan, the nine-day fair will have a theme-based exhibition - Point of View: One Hundred Years of Indian Cinema - to celebrate the relationship between literature and cinema.The fair will feature 1,300 exhibitors from across the world with 2,500 kiosks and 140 book-related events, said MA Sikander, director of the National Book Trust (NBT) that has organised the event.\"There will be an exhibition of 300 books, literary discussions, book launches and workshops,\" said Sikandar.Thirty foreign publishers and delegations will be present, up from 11 in 2010. Apart from international organizations like WHO, UNESCO and World Bank, countries like Saudi Arabia, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Japan, Pakistan, Nepal, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Germany, UAE, China, France, Iran and Britain will participate in the fair.The fair will have four pavilions - 100 years of Indian cinema, 100 years of Delhi, 150 years of Rabindranath Tagore and a children's pavilion. Language stalls promoting and selling books on regional Indian languages will also have a bigger presence. In all, 22 stalls from the states of Assam, Andhra Pradesh, West Bengal, Maharashtra, Kerala, Karnataka, among others will showcase their literature.Young readers have always been the focus of the fair. This time too, a bouquet of activities such as book launches, seminars and a workshop on 'My Little India', illustrations by Finnish and Indian artists, story writing, plays and poster-making have been organised for a younger audience. The children's pavilion will have activity-cum-reading corners that have been designed like a Chaupal and a space centre. NGO Eklavya from Bhopal, and NGO Vigyan Prasar will also demonstrate low-cost science experiments.\"We have invited 1,000 children from about 30 schools. Student volunteers have been hired from Delhi University to take children on curated walks at the fair,\" added Sikander.The business highlight of the fair is the Right's Table. Set up for the first time, it is a forum for Indian publishers to exchange publishing copyrights. \"It will be supported by the German Book Office and the French government. Countries like France and Russia, who share cultural similarities with India, are keen to purchase the copyright of books written in Hindi. The Right's Table will help publishers to purchase copyrights directly and address issues of piracy and pricing,\" said Sikander.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12012707", "title": "Boys set fire to bedding at Apna Ghar", "text": "PANAJI: The three children lodged at the state-run home Apna Ghar continued with their rampage. On Thursday morning they set fire to some bedding in the room.\"They brought matchsticks from the kitchen and lit fire to bedding in the room. But the boys in conflict with law managed to control the fire. Later, the kids were referred to the institute of psychiatry and human behaviour,\" a source at Apna Ghar said.On Wednesday too, the boys had created a ruckus.The trio was upset that CWC was neither hearing their grievances, nor allowing them to play and had forcibly put them in solitary confinement at the home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12011319", "title": "Jealousy prompted youth to kill friend", "text": "INDORE: Youth who was found dead in Scheme 140 recently had become a victim of jealousy of his friend who claimed to have proximity with latter's girl-friend. Police arrested two persons in this connection on Thursday.According to police, Vinay Bagora was found dead in Scheme number 140 on February 17 last. However, the murder remained mystery for the police until they arrested Anil Prajapat and Praveen Kahar (from Rajasthan) for allegedly killing their friend Vinay, on Thursday.ASP (Crime branch) Manoj Rai told reporters that the accused have confessed to have been involved in the murder. During interrogation, it was found that one of the accused was disturbed over the growing proximity of Vinay with Anil's girl friend. Vinay allegedly flaunted that he possessed Anil's girl friend's cell phone number and often praised for her looks in front of the accused. The cops said that at times he even challenged Anil about summoning his girl friend as and when he wanted. This left Anil simmering.ASP Rai said that Anil with the help of Praveen hatched a plot to kill Vinay. Both came together from Udaipur to Indore with the intention to take revenge on Vinay and enroute bought a knife near Nathdwara. On February 14, the duo was in the city and inquired about Vinay's whereabouts, said ASP Rai adding that they invited Vinay for a party on the fateful day.When Vinay joined them, the trio purchased a liquor bottle and chose to go to some deserted place in Scheme 140. After getting drunk, the inebriated Vinay took up the issue of Anil's girl friend just to tease him, which enraged the accused, said the ASP, quoting the accused. Subsequently, Praveen hit Vinay with a hammer on his head while Anil stabbed him in the stomach. Vinay reportedly died on the spot. Both the accused then fled to Udaipur from where they were arrested. Anil Prajapat, the prime accused was staying in Udaipur, Rajasthan and was reportedly disowned by his father. Praveen was earlier booked on charges of trying to kill some Kundan Khatik in Udaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12012546", "title": "US NGOs behind Kudankulam stir: PM", "text": "MUMBAI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has blamed US-based NGOs for whipping up a campaign against the Russian-aided Kudunkulam atomic power station in Tamil Nadu , causing a major setback to the project.Singh, in an interview to the American journal 'Science' being published on Friday said, \"The atomic energy programme has got into difficulties because these NGOs mostly, I think, based in the US, don't appreciate the need for our country to increase energy. The local NGO-led protests have stalled the commissioning of two 1000 mw nuclear reactors.\"TOI had first reported that foreign agents were behind the protests at Kudunkulam. Top officials of the Department of Atomic Energy (DAE) had hinted that the Intelligence Bureau had expressed suspicion that there was a foreign role in the demonstrations, but did not specifically identify any particular country. The atomic power plant's first unit was slated to attain criticality in November 2011, but got postponed following a series of protests from the local population.They feared that in the wake of the Fukushima accident, there was no guarantee that a similar thing would not happen at the Kudunkulam plant.Singh also criticized US-based NGOs when he was asked why had the Centre placed a moratorium on the release of bt brinjal. He said, \"Bio technology has enormous potential and we must make use of genetic engineering to increase the productivity of our agriculture. There are NGOs funded from the US and Scandinavian countries which are not fully appreciative of the development challenges that our country faces.\"He described China as a great neighbour. \"India and China are engaged in a stage of development where we both have to compete and cooperate,\" he said.Although he made no mention of the controversial Antrix-Devas deal, Singh justified the large amount of money being spent on India's space sector saying that it had produced beneficial effects. But, he added that more needs to be done", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12012884", "title": "Ulfa hardliners flay former DGP Srivastava", "text": "GUWAHATI: Ulfa hardliners described director general of police Jayanta Narayan Choudhury and his predecessor Sankar Baruah as perfect gentlemen but slammed another former DGP, G M Srivastava, for calling the outfit a group representing two communities of the state - the Morans and the Motoks.In an emailed statement on Thursday, the hardliners said: \"Srivastava, despite having served in the state for a long time, has not learnt the etiquette of the Assamese people, unlike his juniors, Sankar Baruah and Jayanta Narayan Choudhury, who are known for their exemplary behaviour.\"It was during Srivastava's tenure as the DGP during the last AGP government that the state was rattled by killings of family members of Ulfa leaders. The killing were called 'secret' as the killers were not identified. These secret killings were one of the main reasons why AGP was routed out in the 2001 assembly election. The Congress, which made the issue its main poll plank, came to power that year and has formed three subsequent governments in the state.Several inquiry commissions have submitted reports on the secret killings but no one has been held responsible so far and there has been no visible action on the part of the government to fix responsibility.The victims of the secret killings include the families of several top Ulfa leaders, many of whom are now members of the pro-talk group. These leaders include Mithinga Daimary and Sashadhar Choudhury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12012860", "title": "New ways needed to tackle terrorists: Chidambaram", "text": "PUNE: Union home minister P Chidambaram has said it is critical for the security forces to keep devising newer ways of outsmarting terrorists and extremist elements, who are adept at using improvised explosive devices (IEDs) as \"the most potent instrument\" for spreading terror.\"The terror strikes in Pune, Mumbai, the Delhi high court and the most recent one on the vehicle carrying an Israeli diplomat's wife are all cases of use of IEDs,\" he said at the inaugural function of the Institute of IED Management (IIM) at the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) camp in Talegaon, 35 km from here, off the old Pune-Mumbai highway, on Thursday.Chidambaram said, \"The IEDs can be disguised as any other article. These devices can be put in a toy, a bicycle, a motorcyle or a bag. Our adversaries are as intelligent or, at times, even more than our security forces. They keep inventing newer ways of fighting us.\"\"It is in this context that the security forces need to keep devising newer ways of outsmarting our adversaries and this can be achieved through apt capacity building,\" he said.The IIM at Talegaon camp is the third of the six training schools, which are being established by the CRPF at different locations across the country for capacity building and training of human resource. \"We will have more such CRPF schools soon,\" the home minister said.He said, \"Our lack of capacity to combat terrorism was exposed during the series of bomb blasts that occurred across the country between 2001 and 2008, culminating in the 26/11 terror strikes in Mumbai. \"In the last three years, the government has applied a major focus on capacity addition,\" he said.A fortnight ago, Chidambaram inaugurated the first-ever CRPF intelligence school at Kadarpur near Gurgaon, which will enable the country's largest para-military force to work on intelligence gathering of its own. Prior to this, a dog breeding and training school was established at the CRPF base at Taralu near Bangalore.\"We will soon have a Rapid Action Force (RAF) training school at Meerut; a CRPF training of trainers schools in Shimla and the college of insurgency and jungle craft at Belgaum in Karnataka,\" Chidambaram said. \"What the new institute here (Talegaon) means that we still have a long way to go in terms of securing an apt capacity for our internal security architecture,\" he added.Chidambaram identified a three-stage road map to strengthening the internal security apparatus. \"First, we need human resource right from the level of constables to officers and leaders. Then we need to train this human resource to become as good as the commandoes from the US navy seals or Israel, Germany and France. At the third level, we need induction of new technologies to combat terrorism. A combined effect of all these three steps will lead to a better internal security architecture.\"Earlier, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who presided over the function, said that the IIM is a very crucial addition of training facility not only for the para-military and the security forces, but will also benefit the state police force.\"The left-wing extremists and separatist elements in north east India and Jammu and Kashmir have killed many of our security forces people by way of deploying IEDs. Maharashtra too is facing the problem of left-wing extremism in Gadchiroli as 23 security personnel have been killed between 2009 and 2011 as a result of IEDs,\" he said.\"A scientific management of these devices through training and improved fighting capabilities is essential in the fight against terror,\" Chavan said.The CRPF's additional director general (operations), P M Nair, said that 80% of the 26 security personnel killed so far this year, were victims of IED landmines. \"The new institute will not only prepare 100 master trainers this year, but will also prepare 300 trainers of trainers through batches of 50 personnel for each course of six month duration,\" he said.Director general of CRPF K Vijay Kumar , senior officials S S Dogra, V S Gujral and Jamal Khan, College of Military Engineering's Colonel N K Verma, officials from the army southern command; defence research and development organisation; Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay; Military Intelligence and ordinance factories were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12012603", "title": "Ex-MLA\u2019s son booked for firing in air", "text": "JAIPUR: Three persons, incluing the son of ex-MLA Ashok Tanwar , have been booked for firing and damaging vehicles at a restaurant in an inebriated condition. However, no arrest has been made so far.An FIR has been registered against Ashok's son Bunty and his two freiends with Ashok Nagar police station by Pradhuman Singh, a resident of JP Colony in Mansarovar. A police officer said Pradhuman had gone to attend a birth-day party at TC Restaurant in C-Scheme on Tuesday night and informed that some youths including Bunty started creating a ruckus.Pradhuman also said when some people tried to intervene, the youths fired in the air. They then came out of the restaurant and smashed cars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12010449", "title": "Woman who risked marriage for sanitation awarded", "text": "BHOPAL: For the first time in the country, a woman has been awarded Rs 7 lakh for refusing to defecate in the open. In a country accounting for 58 per cent open defecation in the world, a tribal woman rejected her in-law's house because there was no toilet in it. Soon after her marriage, she snubbed her newly wedded-husband and told him that she would live as his wife only if he got a latrine constructed. Otherwise, she would continue to live in her father's house.Twenty-three year old Anita Narre, resident of Jheetudhhana village in Betul district of Madhya Pradesh , was felicitated by social service organisation Sulabh International in the presence of foreign media on Thursday afternoon. She is the courageous woman who risked her marriage for a proper sanitation facility,'' said Madan Jha, communication officer Sulabh International. Our founder and Padma Bhushan Bindreshwar Pathak handed over a cheque of Rs two lakh to Anita Narre because she wants a bathroom with modern facilities. Another award of Rs 5 lakh will be given to her in a function in New Delhi in April.''Anita was pursuing a BA degree when her father decided to marry her away to Shivram Narre of Bhimpur tehsil. Like every obedient daughter, she agreed to marry Shivram even though he was an agricultural labourer belonging to a BPL family and was less educated than her. But all hell broke loose when she was asked to go to the fields the morning after her marriage on May 14, 2011. The newly wedded bride did not utter a word when she saw the latrine of Jheetudhhana under the open skies. She survived the ordeal in her in-laws'for two days after which, according to tradition, she had to go back to her parents' house for further rituals.Once inside her parents'home in Chicholi town, she refused to go back to Jheetudhhana. When the husband came to take her home, she flatly refused. He asked why? In reply, Anita said: Because there is no proper toilet facility in that house.'' She asked her husband to come and fetch her only after that toilet had been constructed. Anita's refusal to go back to the in-laws initiated a revolution in Jheetudhhana. First Shivram went to the janpadh panchayat asking for government schemes that helped in toilet construction. The panchayat helped him with organising funds and a latrine was built at the back of his house.But as Anita's story spread through the village, Jheetudhhana's residents started planning the construction of toilet in every hutment for fear that more girls will refuse to live there. Villagers flocked to the janpadh panchayat with applications for funds to build toilets. Meanwhile, the district administration of Betul has sent a recommendation to the state government to make Anita Narre the brand ambassador for Madhya Pradesh's sanitary programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12013811", "title": "4 hurt as pharma unit catches fire", "text": "MYSORE: Tension gripped Nanjangud industrial suburb late on Thursday as angry villagers pelted stones at a pharmaceutical factory that caught fire injuring at least four employees of the unit.Scores of villagers have left Kalahalli that abuts Jubilant Life Science Limited fearing a chemical leak.In 2009, the staff fell ill due to leakage of toxic gas, which heightened the anxiety of the villagers. They want to be relocated away from the pharma unit.It all started at 4.30pm when villagers noticed thick smoke billowing out of the unit located 5 km from the temple town. They quickly left the village to safer places while a section of angry villagers pelted stones at the guards posted at the main gate.Officer P Niranjan attached to Karnataka State Pollution Control Board told TOI that the fire mishap was at the site where authorities have stored used carbon and residue of a solvent in a shed. It accidentally caught fire, which, he said, could be due to the hot weather. Nanjangud tahsildar Naveen Joseph and cops rushed to the spot. Later in the evening, deputy director of factories B V Ravi Kumar visited the site. Kumar said he will ascertain whether there were any lapses on the part of the pharmaceutical company.According to company officials, the four employees were injured while trying to fight the fire and were rushed to Mysore hospital. SP R Dileep told TOI that there was a small fire mishap inside the factory godown triggering protests by villagers.In 1998 a similar accident killed four employees after they inhaled toxic gas.Ravikumar told The Times of India that action will be initiated against the management if there are any lapses. \"The fire was at the dumpyard where wastes were stored for incineration. The company has an incineration plant to burn the waste generated from the company,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12011504", "title": "Driver accused of crushing boy let off", "text": "A tempo driver, sentenced to 15 days' imprisonment for crushing a seven-year-old boy to death , has been let off by a sessions court. There is a \"serious doubt\" about the truthfulness of prosecution's case, the court said.District judge and additional sessions judge R K Gauba said the victim's father had \"created fiction\" and made \"improvements\" in his testimony made before the court.The court also criticized the investigating officer for \"misutilizing\" the provisions of CrPC to \"cover up\" his lapses in not conducting a test identification parade right after the accused, Ramesh Singh, was arrested.\"Apparently, the provisions of CrPC have been mis-utilised by the IO to cover up his lapses in arranging the TIP immediately after the accused had been arrested,\" the court said.The court quashed the order of the magisterial court on the appeal of Singh and acquitted him giving him the benefit of doubt.\"On the facts and circumstances of the case, serious doubt arise as to the extent of truthfulness in the prosecution case. Benefit of doubts will have to be extended to the accused. The impugned judgement and order on sentence are set aside. Consequently, the appellant Ramesh Singh stands acquitted of the charges,\" the sessions judge said.The victim's father Anwar Ali, a South Delhi resident, in his statement had initially said before the police that his seven-year-old son was playing outside his shop when a tempo came at high speed and hit his son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12014069", "title": "Varsity frames new guidelines for admissions", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Academic Council of Allahabad University has approved the new regulations for admission. Now admissions at AU will be done on the guidelines that are followed in universities like JNU. As per the new regulations, AU will set up an admission cell entrusted with the responsibility of carrying out the admissions for undergraduate, postgraduate, diploma and certificate programmes. As per the decision, vice-chancellor Prof AK Singh will soon appoint a senior professor of the university as the director of this cell.A separate committee of admissions will be formed to oversee other related procedures. The VC or a professor nominated by him will be its chairman while the director of the admission cell, deans of arts, science, commerce and law faculties, dean students welfare (DSW), dean dollege development council will be its other members.The admission cell and admission committee will be a permanent body. The cell will also conduct admissions for the programmes being run by varsity's various centres and institutes like the MBA course run by Motilal Nehru Institute of Research and Business Administration ( MONIRBA), MBA (rural development) being run by Govind Ballabh Pant Social Science Institute and the courses offered by the various centres of Institute of Professional Studies.The committee will also oversee admissions to self-finance courses like BSc and BCom offered by university's constituent colleges. Moreover, the university will now publish advertisements for admissions as done by JNU, Aligarh Muslim University and the Banaras Hindu University. Till now, AU used to annually appoint coordinators for various admissions. Though the issue of admission to specialised courses of Centre for Behavioural and Cognitive Sciences (CBCS) and physical education was also discussed, no decision was reached on them. The VC said the admission committee will look into these issues.The Academic Council also approved admission of the wards and dependants of university teachers and staff members on 5% supernumerary seats. The dependents of staff and teachers of the constituent colleges seeking admission in postgraduate courses will be granted the benefit of this quota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011633", "title": "Apex court wants ATS to list out its functions", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has asked Maharashtra's anti-terrorism squad to produce a copy of the Act under which the force was formed and its functions.A division bench of Justice Altamas Kabir and Justice J Chelameshwar passed the order on Wednesday when it was hearing a petition filed by Taqi Ahmad, brother of Naqi arrested in the 13/7 case, seeking a CBI investigation into the serial blasts in Mumbai.After hearing Sanjay Khanna, counsel of the petitioner, the court adjourned the case to next Tuesday to enable the ATS to produce a copy of the enactment under which it was formed and the \"functions it is required to discharge.\" Meanwhile, the interim order passed on February 14 would continue till March 2 or until further orders were given, whichever was earlier, the court said. The SC, while seeking the response to Taqi's petition from the home ministry, Delhi police and ATS, had stayed his arrest but asked him to report to the Jamia Nagar police station every alternate day to cooperate with the investigating agency.Khanna submitted that the ATS had been infringing the fundamental rights of the petitioner without following the law.In his petition, Taqi has sought CBI probe complaining that the ATS and the Delhi police had been harassing him and his family by framing false cases against them. He has sought an inquiry against ATS and Delhi police's Special Cell officers who allegedly implicated him.Taqi claimed in the petition that Naqi was cooperating with the Special Cell, keeping in mind that the matter pertained to national security and the maintenance of law and order. \"The Special Cell persuaded Naqi to act as its informer to which he agreed. He was taken to Mumbai to identify the suspects in the bomb blasts case. On January 9, Naqi told us that his work was done and he would return from Mumbai. But the next day, we were informed that the ATS had arrested him in a forgery case and was later shown as the prime accused in the 13/7 blasts case,\" said the petition, adding that Naqi had been made a scapegoat. agencies to cover up differences between the ATS and Delhi Police's Special Cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12014028", "title": "Varsity suspends classes for students", "text": "TRICHY: In a curious turn of events, the registrar of Bharthidasan University has ordered all the students pursuing their MA final year in the department of women's studies to go on internship for 45 days from February 22 and hence, there will no classes for them. In a circular dated February 22, which was issued on Thursday (a copy of which is in possession of TOI), the registrar has suspended the classes of all the first year MA students of women's studies until further notice.The 30-odd students had on Wednesday protested against the shunting of Dr Manimekalai from the women's studies to the economics department. It may be recalled that the registrar had on Wednesday agreed to address their grievances at 11 am on Thursday while persuading them to give up their sit-in dharna successfully on Wednesday night. However, the circular issued to the students on Thursday was backdated to February 22.Asked for the reason, the registrar T Ramasamy told TOI that it was true that the students had been invited to meet him. \"Since I had some personal work, I had asked the controller of examinations, Dr Sridhar to meet them, but none of them turned up to meet him.\" When queried further as to how they can meet anyone when all of them were either sent on internship training or suspended from class until further notice starting with February 22, Ramasamy replied, \"I had asked four of the students to meet us, but they did not turn up.\" Ramasamy also said that he asked the students (about 13 of them) not to come to the classes, because, \"they do not come to the classes anyway, but just roam around the campus.\"The controller of examinations, Sridhar said that he had taken all steps to bring rapprochement between the students and the authorities, but said, \"What can I do if they did not turn up for the meeting.\" Sridhar said he had also tried to bring peace between Manimekalai and the vice-chancellor.Meanwhile, the Bharathidasan University Teachers Association (BUTA) has organised a demonstration on Friday at the entrance to the main campus. Police permission has been granted with allowance to use the loud speaker.The Association of University Teachers president K Pandian said that his union was participating in the demonstration to \"express solidarity with BUTA to fight for justice to bring Manimekalai to the same women's studies department from where she had been suspended.\"Tamil Nadu Federation of University Faculty Association (TANFUFA) has also agreed to join the mega battle. TANFUFA president Krishnasamy told TOI that as many as 10 university associations were going to be represented in the meeting on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12013856", "title": "Official, tahsildar in soup over fake caste documents", "text": "MYSORE: Dalits Backward and Minorities Coordination Forum president Harihara Anandaswamy on Thursday demanded action against the Hunsur assistant commissioner Lingamurthy and Hunsur tahsildar Lokanath for allegedly providing Schedule Caste certificates to a non-dalit woman.Anandaswamy alleged that K Bharathi, who is running a private school in Hunsur, obtained Schedule Caste certificate by providing fake documents. \"She used the certificate to apply for a gas agency licence. It was soon brought to the officials' notice, but they have not taken any action,\" he claimed, adding that this gas agency license is particularly reserved for SC candidates.Bharathi, a non-member of Scheduled Caste, has also obtained fake residential address certificate. The accused tahsildar and assistant commissioner have allegedly helped her get the licence. The organization will protest near deputy commissioner's office demanding action against them on February 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12012999", "title": "Students rethink UK study plans following new visa policy", "text": "PUNE: Varun Tiwary, a law student at the Symbiosis College, was aspiring to go to the United Kingdom (UK) for his higher studies, but he had alter his plans and look for other alternatives following the UK government's policy decision to rescind the Post-Study Work (PSW) visa.\"I was planning to go to the UK for my post-graduation but the new PSW visa policy makes it difficult for me to get a job in the UK after my studies. Thus, forcing me to look at other alternatives,\" he said.Shelly Walia, another aspirant for higher studies in UK, is now opting for the United States (US). \"It makes no sense to go to a UK university as it would be financially impractical to repay the student loan, which I plan to avail of, if I am not able to work there for two years post-studies,\" she said.Walia has a valid reason to change her plans. \"I have a friend who went to the UK last year, but is in troubled waters now after learning of the abolition of the PSW visa. He took a loan as well but is worried about his future because he would be in debt longer than he had imagined,\" she said.There are many other students, who feel the same way as the policy of banning the PSW visa, which comes into effect from April this year after it was announced in April 2011,is likely to hit those students planning to go the UK on a student's loan.The unavailability of a PSW visa means that they will have to come back to India immediately after their studies. Thus losing the crucial earning opportunity in the UK to enable them repay their loans.The policy forms part of the Tories' (the right-wing party in the UK) 2010 poll agenda of placing a ceiling on the number of overseas professionals in the country. It means the United Kingdom Border Agency (UKBA), which is the visa issuing authority, will stop issuing the PSW visa from April 2012.\"Overseas students were abusing the system when the PSW visa was available to them. Many students went to the UK on a student visa and got themselves admitted to a B-rated institute. Most of these institutes weren't even deemed. So, after their studies, the so-called qualified skilled workers started applying for semi-skilled jobs and in the process took the jobs away from the locals,\" pointed out Kiran Chandok, manager of GI Careers UK. This primarily drove the Tories 2010 poll agenda, she said.However, it's not just the students, but the overseas education consultants too are a worried lot as they fear a sharp dip in the number of students going to the UK from India in the coming years.Already, these consultants are voicing their concern. \"The number of students going to the UK has palpably dipped in the past one year. Till 2010, there was a robust demand for UK universities among the students but the queries have mitigated since the policy to stop the PSW visa after graduation was announced,\" said Sandeep N Dravid, a counsellor at SEICCO, a centre for overseas education training.\"Four students wanted to go to Coventry, UK, for automobile engineering studies in 2011 but dropped out at the last moment fearing that they won't be able to work in the UK after their graduation,\" said Dravid. \"Their parents insisted that going to the UK wasn't financially feasible and practical anymore,\" he added.Kanyani Thevar, office manager of Study Overseas, a foreign education consultant, also confirmed the decline in the numbers of students going to the UK in the last one year.\"The number of students going to the UK through our agency, has halved in the past year. In the September intake of 2011, we sent 40 students to the UK universities as opposed to the 80 we had sent in the previous year (2010).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12012893", "title": "Over 13 lakh people visited Shirdi in December", "text": "PUNE: The temple town of Shirdi was the most visited tourist destination in the state in December last year, followed by Shani Shingnapur and Mumbai's Gateway of India. The survey was conducted by the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) for the month of December in 2011.With 13.5 lakh visitors, Shirdi had 1/6th of the total tourist visits across the state. Shani Shingnapur, also located in Ahmednagar district, had 8.5 lakh visits while the Gateway of India figured third with 7.74 lakh visits. The Siddhivinayak temple at Prabhadevi had 7.24 lakh visitors.Pune had 6.62 lakh vistors during the period, which is less as compared to Mumbai (11.60 lakh), Ahmednagar (11 lakh) and Aurangabad (10 lakh). About 15,000 foreigners visited Pune while Mumbai scored the highest in this category too with 1.55 lakh foreign visitors. Ahmednagar had only 1,480 foreign tourists, but this number is expected to rise in February.As many as 147 tourist destinations in the state were selected for the first phase of the survey, which included a counting survey, a short survey, an accommodation survey and an exit survey. The head count of tourists visiting the destination was taken in the 'counting survey'. About 800 tourists per destination were interviewed in all the 35 districts of the state in the 'short survey'. In addition to it, information such as the duration of a tourist's visit to a particular destination, frequency of the visit, place of stay, and the like was recorded as part of the 'accommodation survey'. An 'exit survey' for information on a tourist's background, expenditure on the trip and mode of travel was also conducted.\"This survey is important as it not only counts the number of tourists visiting a destination, but also the number of visits tourists make at that destination, as a person may visit a particular place more than once for several reasons. Thus, with the help of the short survey we estimated that of all the visits to various destinations in Maharashtra during December 2011, maximum were made to Shirdi,\" said an MTDC official. Other pilgrimage sites like Haji Ali and Mahalaxmi temple (both in Mumbai) and Pandharpur had about 3 lakh visitors each.As per the survey, an estimated 64 lakh domestic travelers visited Maharashtra, with about 2 lakh foreign tourists. The day visits (those who visit during the day and leave till night-time) amounted to 75.54 lakh people. \"Such a data will be compiled on a monthly-basis for at least a year to achieve short-term goals and for over three years to achieve long-term goals. By the end of the first year, we will be able to get an idea of the major tourism trends. Getting to know such trends will help the MTDC prioritize and plan its infrastructure and other services,\" the official said. The data may be shared with private parties who want to invest in the state's tourism industry, he added.Another trend the survey captured was that most domestic tourists visited for non-leisure purposes while maximum foreigners visited the destination of their choice for fun. Domestic tourists visiting for leisure summed up to 16 lakh while there were 50 lakh domestic tourists that visited for non-leisure purposes. Conversely, about 1.13 lakh foreign tourists visited for leisure and only 67,000 for non-leisure purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12013337", "title": "Criminal cases split into 6", "text": "BANGALORE: The heat's on Karnataka forests minister CP Yogeshwar in the Mega City scam with 14 cases slapped on him.The Mega City (Bangalore) Builders and Developers Ltd (MDBL), an entity floated with by Yogeshwar in April 2009, had shown an amount of Rs 37.22 crore as paid to sundry debtors (miscellaneous small or infrequent customers who are not assigned individual ledger accounts but classified as a group) during 2005-06. It was shown as advance paid for purchase of land for Vajragiri project launched by MDBL between 1995-96 and 2005-06. It was later found that no land was acquired by Yogeshwar's real estate company though such fraudulent deeds was shown in its account.The criminal cases have been split into six to individually charge people involved in the fraud and other criminal offences. The counsel said in the first case, Yogeshwar, his ex-wife Manju Kumari, brother CP Gangadhareshwara, brother-in-law P Mahadevaiah and two others, HR Ramesh and Sambashiva, have been accused of offences under sections 404, 405, 409, 463, 464, 465, 468, besides conspiracy under sections 120-A and 120-B. The next three cases are against the minister alone, while the fifth is against him and his brother-in-law Mahadevaiah and HR Ramesh. The sixth case involves the minister, his wife, and his advocate Arun Charanthimath and his wife Sujatha.Eight cases under various provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 (Sections 162, 168, 220 (1), 440 (2), 628, 240, 219 (5)) were filed against Yogeshwar and his auditor Sanjay Sreesha, HR Ramesh and Gangadhareshwara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12013646", "title": "Whistleblower IFS officer gets award for crusade against graft", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana's whistleblower IFS officer, Sanjiv Chaturvedi, who had exposed various irregularities in the forest department involving top politicians and bureaucrats, was conferred the \"S R Jindal prize-2011\" for his \"crusade against corruption\" at a function in Delhi on Thursday.Spiritual leader Sri Sri Ravi Shankar presented the award to Chaturvedi in presence of social activist Anna Hazare , former President APJ Abdul Kalam , Lt governor of Delhi, Tejinder Khanna and Congress MP from Kurukshetra, Naveen Jindal.The award was instituted by Sitaram Jindal Foundation, a charitable organization belonging to Jindal Aluminium Ltd. Earlier, Chaturvedi had won Manju Nath Shanmugham integrity award in June, 2009 at IIM Banglore and RTI Award by Public Cause Research Foundation and again by National RTI Forum in 2010.After years of hounding, the whistleblower, who exposed one scam after the other, the Haryana government was forced to accept revocation of a \"fabricated\" chargesheet on February 7, 2011 following orders from the President and a protracted campaign by The Times of India. The officer exposed various irregularities and violations of Wildlife Act and faced 12 transfers, suspension, chargesheet, warning and FIRs during his five-year stint with the state forest department.During his first posting as divisional forest officer, Kurukshetra, the 2002 batch Haryana cadre IFS officer had booked \"offenders\" for poaching of rare species of hog-deer and for destruction of Saraswati Wildlife Sanctuary. Later also, Chaturvedi kept exposing one after another irregularity in the forest department.Recently, CBI found the matter fit for investigation by the premier investigating agency. Even CVC had written to the Central government for registration of FIR and transfer of case to the agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12011374", "title": "Gearing up for eco meet: Kiran Reddy", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Thursday assured the Assembly that his government would ensure that the 11th conference of parties to the UN convention on bio-diversity, to be held in the city from October 8 to 19 this year, was a success. The event would be attended by about 7,000 delegates, including heads of states and environment ministers from 194 countries.Responding to a request by MIM floor leader Akbaruddin Owaisi that the CM use his good offices to secure more funds from the Centre, Kiran Kumar said that he had already written to New Delhi seeking additional funds. The state government, Kiran Kumar said, was eager to see to it that the conference made an impact which would serve the cause Brand Hyderabad well.Owaisi requested that the state government convene a meeting of the heads of various departments to finalize a roadmap for making the event a memorable one.\"We have to showcase Hyderabad. I request the state government to allot Rs 300 crore for improving roads and footpaths and to beautify the city. Another Rs 800 crore from the Centre could go towards improving civic infrastructure,\" he said.Owaisi also thanked the chief minister for providing 4% reservation for the Muslim community and lauded Kiran Kumar for apologizing to the Muslim youth who were acquitted of charges in the Mecca blast case and extending financial benefits to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011016", "title": "Rajbala kin unhappy with verdict, pin blame on cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: The family of Rajbala - the woman who died after being injured in the midnight crackdown on Baba Ramdev and his supporters - has held Delhi Police \"more responsible\" than the state government for the incident. Ruing that the compensation amount awarded by the Supreme Court was \"too little\", the family members said that the court judgement will \"hardly bring any peace to Rajbala.\"\"The government can be blamed to some extent as it gave the go ahead for the rally. However, the police is more responsible as they mercilessly hit us with sticks. The crackdown could have taken place during the day too,\" said Jagdir Malik, Rajbala's husband.He was reacting to the Supreme Court's order directing the prosecution of police personnel involved in the crackdown. The court awarded a compensation of Rs five lakh to Rajbala's family, of which 25 per cent will come from Ramdev's trust. \"We don't want the money. Even Ramdev cannot change my decision. My wife believed in him and I cannot disrespect the trust she showed in him,\" said Malik.Malik had alleged that Rajbala was thrashed by cops when she was sitting on the Ramlila Maidan dais within close range of Baba Ramdev. He also claimed that his wife was conscious while she was being taken to the hospital. And he stands by his allegations. According to these claims, Rajbala had told them that she was beaten up by cops with lathis.Asked if the yoga guru had tried to contact him after the Supreme Court verdict was declared, Malik replied in the negative. Ramdev had expressed sorrow at Rajbala's demise. Rajbala, 52, died at a city hospital after battling for life for nearly 114 days. She had suffered severe spinal injuries during the police action.Cops, meanwhile, said no separate case will be registered regarding Rajbala's death. \"The court order does not talk of a separate case to investigate her death. We will register cases against the policemen under section 173 of the CrPC,'' said a top official. Denying media reports, the crime branch said it is yet to be intimated about launching separate investigations.In its fourth affidavit submitted before the SC, Delhi Police claimed that it had \"absolutely\" no role in Rajbala being injured. \"The MLC report clearly states that she was hurt due to stampede. There is no mention of Rajbala having received any injury by the use of batons. Even the patient's relatives told doctors that she was injured in the stampede. The documents are with us,\" said a top police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12012854", "title": "Govt help for kids suffering from cancer, hernia", "text": "GUWAHATI: Health minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Thursday announced a special corpus fund worth Rs 50 crore for treatment of children below 12 years who are suffering from major ailments like cancer , hernia or tumor. He, along with chief minister Tarun Gogoi, were addressing a meeting at the Mohendra Mohan Choudhury (MMC) Hospital on the occasion of successful completion of 5000th cleft-lip and palate surgery conducted by Operation Smile.Operation Smile was launched in India in 2002. In Assam , it was started in January 2009. Since then, children with deformities like cleft-lip and cleft-palate are given free corrective surgery. \"Such surgeries have been a great success in the state. It is basically a congenital deformity which happens due to nutritional deficiency of the mother during pregnancy,\" said Gogoi.He added, \"We on our part have taken the initiative of providing supplements like folic acid to the mother during pregnancy as we feel that if the mother is healthy, the child, too, would be a healthy one.\"Sharing the same view, Sarma briefed about the new health initiative. He said \"We are planning to train around 3000 NRHM volunteers, who would visit around 60,000 schools all across the state, to conduct free health check-up of students and provide free treatment of serious ailments like cancer, hernia and even tumour.\"It was said that measures would be taken to decrease the cost of surgery so that more patients could be treated. Earlier, the cost of one operation was about Rs 45,000 which has now come down to Rs 25,000. There are plans of reducing it further to Rs 15,000 so that the number of beneficiaries could be increased.Ranjit Borthakur, head of Operation Smile, Assam, said, \"Operation Smile care camps have been a phenomenal success in the state. We had camps in other states also, but the response we got here is truly commendable.\"He added, \"We would now concentrate on involving the local doctors in the process who have been undergoing training. We strive to bring more smiles on the faces of children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12005620", "title": "NFDC to help restoring Indian classics", "text": "That many Indian films are in bad shape is old story. That few prints of critically acclaimed movies have also been lost is also not new. But the silver lining is that National Film Development Corporation has now come forward to restore some of the greatest Indian classics.Goutam Ghose, who was almost moved to tears when his films the negatives of his critically acclaimed \" Paar\" starring Naseeruddin Shah, Shabana Azmi , Om Puri and Utpal Dutt and \" Antarjali Jatra\" starring Shatrughan Sinha got damagaed, is now in Mumbai overseeing the restoration work of these movies.Says Ghose, \"The negative of \"Antarjali Jatra\" was in very bad shape. It's shocking that the negative of a film made just 25 years ago is in such a deplorable condition. This film was critically acclaimed and was also screened in the Un Certain Regard section of the 1988 Cannes Film Festival. \"Paar\", of course, remains one of my favourite movies. While Naseeruddin Shah won the National Award for Best Actor, Shabana won the Best Actress award for it. In addition, Naseeruddin won the Volpi Cup Best Actor award for it too. The film also got the UNESCO Award at the Venice Film Festival and the Fipresci Award. I was moved to tears when I saw that the negatives of both the films were in such a bad condition. They would have got lost forever had NFDC not taken the initiative to restore them now. The problem in India is that not too many people are conscious about the need for preserving movies. Besides, there are storage issues since labs don't have enough space. As a result, many of the classics are getting lost. It is indeed a great attempt by NFDC to be taking up this restoration work. Naseer, Shabana and Shatrughan were wondering and worried about their favourite films. So many times over Naseer, Shatru and Shabana have asked me about the status of the film. When negatives get damaged, they are like cancer and they start spreading. I am sure all of them will be happy now that they are being restored.\"The cost for digitally restoring each film is around Rs 15 lakh. \"I had come to Mumbai earlier for this and this time around, I am there at the lab seeing the frame-by-frame restoration of my movies. While \"Antarjali Jatra\" is being done first, the restoration work of \"Paar\" is in the pipeline. I will be returning to Kolkata on February 25,\" he says.Meanwhile, the work on his Bengali experimental film is on full swing. Buzz is that Konkona will be staging her comeback in Bengali films with this movie.\"Yes, I'll be casting Kakon (Konkona) in the role of a journalist. Priyanshu will be playing a corporate guy. However, none of them have signed on the project as yet. I have been inspired by two lines from two favourite authors of mine. One is Ernest Hemingway's Old Man And The Sea. The line is \"A man can be destroyed but not defeated.\"Another line is from Alexander Pushkin's poem: \"Everything is a sacrifice to your memory\". The film is in between these two lines. The film has a sense of adventure in it. We plan to begin shooting in Manali.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12013245", "title": "People can change their city: experts", "text": "BANGALORE: A voluntary, people-driven, community initiative will transform the city and its development. The government cannot be expected to provide all solutions and people will have to help find answers to city living, urban experts said at a conclave, 'Destination Bangalore', on Thursday.The conclave, organized by Girem, saw more than 100 people participate. Naresh Narasimhan, urban architect, said the city's development needed to be inclusive. \"The idea is to develop the outlook I of individuals contributing to the development of the city. We can't expect the government to do everything for us. If I have to reach office from home in 15 minutes, as against 45 minutes, I should also ask what I've done to make my commute easy. The people's role can change the city's fortunes and landscape.\"Urban policy expert Ashwin Mahesh suggested that community ownership of public projects could make a difference to the city's development. \"Already, 12 lakes are being taken care of by people. Similarly, if public projects are taken over by neighbourhood communities who would be responsible for their upkeep and maintenance, things will definitely change.\"He said if the Metro project needed to create more resources, other than from ridership, it would have to encash value all along its route. \"Property values along its route would have gone up. There has to be a way of harnessing this value,\" Mahesh said. He also suggested that the Metro use its land to execute social projects, the Bangalore Metropolitan Land Transport Authority be set up with an integrated plan for transport, and a metropolitan planning committee be set up under a Bangalore-specific legislation.V Ravichander, chairman of Feedback Consulting, said if people were willing to share money, there were people ready to channel it in a transparent way. \"There are a set of people in the city who are credible, who will ensure the money will be spent in a transparent, public manner. Unless people feel there's a credible agency, it would be difficult to generate", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12012935", "title": "Wrongly accused duo feels for rape victim", "text": "KOLKATA: Mistakenly accused in the Park Street rape case, life has taken an abrupt turn for Sharafat Ali and Azhar Ali. Though \"scarred\" by their ordeal, their heart goes out to the rape victim.It was not the intense grilling by the cops that shook them, but the insensitive act by a section of the media to flash their photographs without verification. \"Facing the interrogation was not as tough as facing the world after our photos were shown as the accused in the case. Now, wherever we go our faces are recognized and people stare at us as if we have committed a crime. It is humiliating,\" said Sharafat.The police have given them the clean chit but their ordeal is far from over. Whispered remarks follow them everywhere. Even the driver of a taxi they hired asked uncomfortable questions.\"We feel extremely sad about what had happened to the victim. But we are no less the victims now. It has become difficult for us to step out of our houses. Our families too are facing the consequences,\" said Azhar. His parents were looking for a bride for him when his world fell apart. Now, he wonders if any parent would agree to give their daughters to him.Even in Azhar's workplace some clients pounced on him with awkward questions. \"I have to finalize certain interviews at my call centre. But I have lost confidence and handed it to the team leader. The interviewee might have seen my photo in the context of this rape case,\" said Sharafat.\"Even the real accused are given a chance to cover their faces. Why did a section of the media flash our photographs? It might have helped them get higher TRPs but it ruined our lives,\" said Azhar.The rape victim, who had got their photographs from a networking site and handed them to police, feels sorry for them. \"I did not take their names with any kind of intention. I apologize for my mistake,\" she said.Both agree that names could crop up in connection with a crime and police might detain those. But showing their faces by the media before any confirmation was uncalled for. This has done them the damage. Their reputation is being questioned and their life has taken a rude twist.\"It is going to be a tough road ahead. I wonder if life will ever be the same again. I will take ages to come out of this trauma,\" said Sharafat.The rape victim had got the trio's photographs from a social networking site and passed it to Park Street police station on February 9. Later, some media flashed those. The accused in the police net now had introduced themselves using their names.When duo was informed by friends that their photographs were being flashed by some news channel saying that they were involved in the rape of the 37-year-old woman, they were aghast and crestfallen. In an attempt to get their names cleared the duo reached Lalbazar police headquarters by February 15 evening. They were subjected to questioning for the next three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12013140", "title": "Chaos in Congress: Now, Sriprakash Jaiswal joins CM\u2019s race in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The infighting within the Congress over its chief ministerial candidate once again came to the fore on Thursday, when Union coal minister and Kanpur MP, Sriprakash Jaiswal, said that he is ready to serve the state as chief minister, if the party high command directs him to do so. He said that as per the provision, the elected MLAs after elections elect the leader for the post of chief minister. \"I am ready for the job, if Congress high command asks me to be chief minister and legislators elect me as their leader,\" he said while talking to reporters after casting his vote in Kanpur.When asked who will be the chief minister of the state if Congress wins the elections, he said that elected representatives will elect the chief minister on the direction of the high command. \"We will follow the laid down norms and the decision of the high command,\" he said. When his attention was drawn towards the fact that his name is also being taken for the post of chief minister, he said, \"It will be my pleasure and duty to serve as chief minister, if high command asks me to do so and gives me its 'aashirvad' (blessings)\". Jaiswal's statement was rebutted by Pradip Jain Aditya, Congress MP from Jhansi and Union minister of state for rural development. \"Such statements are premature. Elected representatives will elect the leader after elections,\" he said.On February 9, Jaiswal had created a controversy by saying, \"It does not matter who becomes the chief minister, the remote will be in Rahul Gandhi's hands.\" Though he was criticised by the Opposition for his remark, public display of loyalty to Gandhi scion earned him some points over other Congress leaders who are vying to be Congress's chief ministerial candidate. Jaiswal hails from backward class and is said to be upset over preference given to Beni Prasad Verma by Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi. Verma, a friend-turned-foe of Mulayam Singh Yadav, joined Congress in 2008. He won Lok Sabha election as Congress candidate from Gonda and is currently the Union minister for steel. Verma has influence over backward classes in east UP.Others Congress leader who are said to be in the CM race include state chief Rita Bahugana Joshi, Congress Legislature Party leader in UP Vidhan Sabha Pramod Tiwari and Barabanki MP PL Punia, a dalit leader who is also the chairperson of National Commission for Scheduled Castes. Earlier, during first phase of assembly election, Verma had described Punia as an outsider to project himself as a bigger leader. Similarly, there is tussle in the party over Muslim leadership. While general secretary Digvijay Singh has been aggressively wooing the Muslims ever since he was given the charge of UP, Union law minister and MP from Farrukhabad Salman Khurshid is trying to project himself as party's Muslim face by confronting the Election Commission over minority sub-quota.Political analysts said that Congress infighting is damaging party's prospects in the ongoing assembly elections. Earlier, they pointed out that the goof up over Batla house encounter before the second phase of elections had damaged the party in Muslim dominated areas of East UP. Salman Khurshid, while addressing a public meeting, had then said that Congress president Sonia Gandhi was in tears when he showed her pictures of boys suspected to be terrorists killed in encounter. However, Digvijay Singh rebutted the statement saying that Sonia never wept, but he added that Khurshid must be narrating what happened in his meeting with the Congress president. The contradictory statements, however, left Muslims angry. The suspects killed in the encounter were from Azamgarh in east UP.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "not everything that begins with an 'i' must be a sleek white gadget. ask 15-year-old schoolboy namith boppana who likes to call his index finger an 'ifinger'. he protects it devoutly from the grease of chappatis, the cream of squishy pastries and the salty residue of wafers. after all, he belongs to a generation of croaky voices and seedy moustaches that feel the need to wield such a finger", "code": "12013398", "title": "Emo Atyachar", "text": "Not everything that begins with an 'I' must be a sleek white gadget. Ask 15-year-old schoolboy Namith Boppana who likes to call his index finger an 'iFinger'. He protects it devoutly from the grease of chappatis, the cream of squishy pastries and the salty residue of wafers. After all, he belongs to a generation of croaky voices and seedy moustaches that feel the need to wield such a finger: For the sole purpose of using touchscreen devices. So these fingers now have a name.iFinger is one of the many neologisms being invented, popularized and trashed every day by the fountainheads of a religion called Teenglish. The perpetrators of this language could be hiding in school uniforms, donning torn jeans or eating at a mall near you.Teenglish has evolved substantially from the days of 'PAW' (parents are watching) and now encompasses such words as ATM (at the moment), crunk (crazy drunk), frape ('Facebook rape' for maligning), e-dump (electronic heart burn), DTR (define the relationship), emo (emotional) and overchicked (a boy who dates a very pretty girl).The cryptic lure of Teenglish even inspired a book called 'Pimp Up Your Vocab' to help parents and teachers negotiate the mystic of this language.While Teenglish draws heavily from American television shows like How I Met Your Mother (which immortalized the idea of a 'wingman') and The Big Bang Theory (credited with 'bazzinga'), Indian-English slang on shows like Roadies and Big Switch spawns an impressive following. Shirisha Athawale, a 17-year-old from Prabhadevi, says that with more students pursuing studies abroad, a wave of new words is hitting Indian shores. \"I didn't know words like 'crunk' and 'cheddar' till my friend studying in the US started using them. Sometimes we just use these as code to keep our parents away,\" she confesses.For Rhea Gupta, a 18-yearold first-year college student, social networking sites are fertile breeding ground for Teenglish. \"Someone will tweet a new word and it will spread like a virus among my friends. It's entertaining to keep up with them,\" she says.But parents such as Suchita Shetty, who have spent the better part of their parenthood trying to decode their offspring, have started incorporating Teenglish words to communicate with their children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12012913", "title": "Woman sets her husband on fire, attempts suicide", "text": "PUNE: A 23-year-old woman allegedly set her husband on fire while he was asleep and then attempted to commit suicide by consuming sleeping pills following a long-drawn domestic dispute at Gurukrupa colony in Phursungi on Tuesday. The couple is undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Hadapsar and is out of danger.The woman has been identified as Varsharani and her husband as Rajendra Baban Jagtap (27). The couple has lodged complaints against each other. The Loni Kalbhor police have booked the woman under sections 307 (attempt to murder) and 309 (attempt to commit suicide) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). Her husband has been booked under section 498 (enticing or taking away or detaining with criminal intent a married woman) of the IPC.Speaking to TOI, assistant police inspector of Loni Kalbhor police station Narayan Pawar said that Jagtap is a software engineer and works in a software company at Hadapsar. Varsharani has a BCA degree. She used to work with a private company, but had left the job. \"The couple hails from Shrigonda in Ahmednagar district. They have been married for around two years.\"He said that since their marriage, the couple has been staying in the rented flat, where the incident took place. \"As per Jagtap's statement, the couple had gone to a temple in Hadapsar to offer prayers on the occasion of Mahashivratri on Monday. After returning, Varsharani told her husband that she would read some holy books through the night and went into her bedroom.\"He said that Jagtap then went to sleep in another bedroom. \"Around 3 am, he woke up after feeling some watery substance on his body. He saw Varsharani standing near him with a lit candle, which she threw on him and ran out of the room.\"Pawar said that Varsharani had doused Jagtap with kerosene and set him on fire. Jagtap sustained severe burns on his upper body. The bed he was sleeping on also caught fire. He tried to get of the room, but it was locked from outside. \"Hearing his screams, the house owner and others rushed to the flat. They attempted to douse the fire by throwing water through the window.\"The neighbours informed the fire brigade and the police. The firemen first broke the window, entered the room and doused the fire. \"They then broke open the main door and entered the house. They found Varsharani's room locked from inside. They broke that door too and found her unconscious on the floor. The police then rushed the couple to the hospital,\" Pawar said, adding: \"It was later revealed that the woman had consumed sleeping pills.\"After gaining consciousness, Varsharani lodged a complaint against her husband. She said that he was harassing her mentally as well as physically since a few months after their marriage. He wanted her to bring Rs 2 lakh from her parents so that he could purchase a new flat. Jagtap also lodged a complaint against Varsharani.\"We will arrest them after they get discharged from the hospital,\" Pawar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12011844", "title": "'Baap of Gandhinagar' arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A day after students and security guards of National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT), Gandhinagar got thrash by local goons, the local crime branch in the capital city arrested the culprit on Thursday.In the wee hours of Wednesday morning, three NIFT students were stopped by local goons on their way home. After slapping the boy and harassing the two girls, the ring leader who called himself 'Gandhinagar ka baap', reached the NIFT campus with his gang and beat up the security guards and terrorized the students. Following a complaint about the incident at sector seven police station, cops took prompt action. They indentified him as Sunny Suthar, a resident of Gandhinagar, and arrested him the following day.Sunny had gained notoriety in the capital city and his presence terrorized the residents as his father was a high ranking police officer in anti-corruption bureau (ACB). For the last two-three years, Sunny had been harassing the students of NIFT. On various occasions, he forced his way into the campus and created nuisance. According to the students, Sunny operated like a gangster and moved around with a group of goons. He often threatened students if he was not allowed inside the campus and then would not allow them to live in Infocity area. However, nobody lodged a formal police complaint because of his influential father. Gandhinagar police, who used to receive many anonymous letters complaining about Sunny and his harassments, also hesitated to take any action.After the NIFT incident, DGP Chitranjan Singh transferred the investigation to local crime branch, instructing them to immediately arrest the culprit and prosecute him. Following the orders, inspector of local crime branch Ashutosh Parmar, on Thursday evening arrested Sunny. Parmar said, \"We were able to identify the culprit through witnesses and details of the vehicle he was using. We arrested him on charges of trespassing and thrashing local people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011741", "title": "Rajan felt Dey had Dawood and ISI links", "text": "MUMBAI: J Dey murder case accused Jigna Vora had been under the Mumbai police's radar since July 4 last year after they intercepted a conversation between fugitive gangster Chhota Rajan and Manoj, brother of Vinod Asrani, who has also been arrested in the case. Interestingly, Rajan is heard telling Manoj that he suspected Dey to be working for the ISI. The police, however, denied that the slain journalist had any links with the Pakistani spy agency.Rajan, the alleged mastermind behind the killing, called Manoj and expressed remorse over the murder. Dey was shot dead on June 11, 2011.Vinod, a developer from Chembur and a key manager of Rajan, was arrested on July 3. He had identified Dey to shooters at a bar in Mulund a few days before the crime reporter's murder.The intercepted telephonic conversation accessed by TOI revealed that Rajan was worried about Vinod's health after his arrest. The conversation was in Hindi. \"It's highly unfortunate, he has been falsely implicated,\" he told Manoj, referring to Vinod.Referring to Dey, Rajan said he was \"not clean\" and worked for his rival, Dawood Ibrahim , and the ISI. But the police said they had not found any links between Dey and the ISI. They then discussed Vinod's health.During the conversation on July 4, Rajan talked about Jigna and this was the first time she came under the police scanner. The gangster said Jigna used to call him frequently and complain about Dey's articles, which apparently showed him in poor light.Quoting Jigna, Rajan said Dey was in touch with his rivals. He also said there were several complaints about him. Most of Manoj's replies were in mono-syllables. Rajan then spoke about Dey's invitation to go to London . \"Under those circumstances, travelling made no sense; he then called me to the Philippines ,\" Rajan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12012818", "title": "Zilla Parishad rushes to build toilets in over 2,000 schools", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Zilla Parishad is racing against time to provide toilets in 2,200 schools to meet the March 31 deadline set by the Supreme Court. Each of the 3,600 schools across Pune district must have proper toilets.Of 2,200 schools, about 419 in the district do not have any toilet facilities, while 660 schools require separate facilities for boys and girls. The ZP officials said they would meet the deadline as work orders have been issued.\"Work is underway and we are making efforts to achieve the target by March-end. We are monitoring the weekly progress. Officers of education department have been asked to take a progress review every three days. The work orders for construction of toilets have been issued,\" said CEO Anil Kawade.A detailed survey pertaining to toilet facilities at every school in the district was conducted. Based on the findings and enrolment of students, the administration has planned to either build separate toilets for boys and girls or a common toilet at respective schools. Guidelines have been set --a school having less than 20 students will not have a separate toilet facility for boys and girls, while schools with a larger student population will be given separate toilets.A senior ZP official said that of the 419 schools without toilet facilities, about 280 schools have less than 20 students. All such schools will have a single toilet. About 660 schools will be given additional toilets as the population of students has gone up in the last few years. No school will be without a toilet facility. The administration has a separate fund for construction of toilets.\"We will also educate students on how to use toilets and thereby maintain good hygiene on school campuses. Students will be asked to follow similar practices at their residences,\" said an official. Last year, the administration had built water tanks at every school to provide drinking water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12011996", "title": "Graduate arrested for online fraud", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A B.Pharmacy graduate was on Thursday arrested on charges of having committed an online shopping fraud. Police seized Rs 2.07 lakh in cash, mobile phones and garments from his possession.P Sai Bala Vamsi Krishna, an unemployed youth from Hyderabad who, cops said, is an expert on computers, resorted to stealing ATM cards and pin numbers. Police commissioner J Purnachandra Rao said that the accused would visit ATM counters with multiple machines where he would note down card and pin numbers of customers while they withdrew money. Krishna would then create a fake account on eBay, a popular portal for online product trade and purchase products using the ATM card numbers and passwords stolen from unsuspecting victims. In the process Krishna accumulated Rs 2.5 lakh in cash from eBay after defrauding four customers.Police said that Krishna was also involved in seven cyber crime cases in East Godavari district. Based on a complaint from SBI customers, police started an investigation with the help of CCTV footage at ATM centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12010771", "title": "College girls punished for posting classmates' pictures on Facebook", "text": "BHOPAL: Four girl students of a college in Harda, 200 kms away from Bhopal , have been fined and suspended for posting photographs of their classmates on Facebook. The girls are students of bachelor of computer application (BCA) course.\"They were fined Rs 200 each and were suspended for a day till we met their parents and informed them about the issue\", LBS college director Rajeev Khare told the TOI. The suspension was revoked after we met their parents''., he added.Carrying mobile phones is banned in the LBS Girls College, Khare said adding, the college authorities had found these girls to have taken photographs in the classroom with their mobile and posted them on FB. These photos could even be morphed very quickly, the director said, expressing concern.Moreover, he rued, their privacy settings were not activated in their FB profile and photos were visible to all. \"This would have landed them in trouble\", he claimed.Following the incident, the college authorities also launched a drive to educate the students about dos and don'ts of FB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12012904", "title": "Water meters must for 24x7 supply: Pathak", "text": "PUNE: Municipal Commissioner Mahesh Pathak on Thursday justified the civic standing committee's decision to approve installation of water meters for domestic connections, saying that it will help the administration to execute the 24X7 water supply scheme and thereby ensure equitable water distribution in all parts of the city.After sitting over the proposal for nearly 16 months, as its members were not in favour of approving it before the civic polls, fearing unrest from citizens, the standing committee on Wednesday cleared the administration's proposal.Speaking to reporters on Thursday, Pathak said the apprehension that metered water supply will cause inconvenience to citizens in case of faulty meter readings was unfounded. Admitting that a similar proposal was opposed in 2000 as the meters available in the market then showed faulty readings, Pathak said \"technology has improved in the past 10 ten years. We are planning to install the advanced, electronic and tamperproof meters.\"Pathak pointed out that most of the cities and corporations, which have sought funds from the Union government under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), have already installed such meters. \"Equitable water distribution and installation of meters is a mandatory reform under the JNNURM and we had given an assurance to the Union government while seeking funds,\" he added.Asked about the possible opposition from property owners who will have to bear the cost of meters, Pathak pointed out that even the electricity companies recover the cost of meters from consumers by way of deposits. \"But, we are planning to offer some incentives to citizens so that they will be able to afford installation of water meters,\" he said, adding that, in the first phase the administration plans to install three lakh water meters in big housing societies.A senior civic official told TOI that metered water supply will help prevent wastage as citizens will be charged as per the actual usage. Currently, water tax is calculated on the annual ratable value of the property and is part of the property tax. As the quantum of water used is not taken into consideration while calculating the water tax, many citizens do not use water judiciously, he added.The city has been facing the problem of unequal distribution of water since long, with the 'peth' areas receiving more water than the fringe areas. Experts in water management have reiterated the need for metered water supply in Pune, which, according to them, will help ensure equal distribution and make people pay for the actual use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12013714", "title": "Kashi puts faith in unity in diversity", "text": "VARANASI: There was much hue and cry during the poll campaigning for UP assembly election over the issue of reservation for socially and economically backward minorities. Each political party expressed its view very vocally, most in favour of a quota, some against it. However, the millennia-old city of Varanasi presents a unique model of Hindu-Muslim integration and harmonious coexistence.A terrorist group exploded a bomb at Sankatmochan Temple on March7, 2006. By the next morning, residents of the city-- Hindus, Muslims, Sikhs and Christians-- demonstrated peaceful outrage against the acts of terror. Burqa-clad women , Muslim traders and Muslim clergy were not only visible in their protest and grief but could also be seen offering prayers at the temple.This helped to re-establish and maintain the cultural harmony and brotherhood in the society. Another bomb blast occurred on December 7, 2010 close to Shitala Temple at the main ghat of Varanasi. In both the incidents, the intention was to disturb the harmonious coexistence of Hindus and Muslims, but it was solved by the deep sense of mutual cohesiveness of both the groups.Whatever is the political interpretation of the minority issue, but the local Muslims strongly believe that social harmony and integration should remain at the top. \"It is the uniqueness of the city that it always acted like a torch bearer in the time of crisis,\" said SM Yasin, a local Muslim and secretary of Anjuman Intezamia Masajid, referring to the terror blast at Sankatmochan temple. \"Yehan ka samajik tana-bana aur Hindu-Muslim sadbhav bemisal hai (The social fabric of Varanasi and its sense of Hindi-Muslim harmony is unique in itself),\" he said.\"What is being said in political rallies and meetings is a totally different thing, but the fact is that Banaras always stands by its glorious past and maintains communal harmony,\" he added.\"The issue of Hindu-Muslim integration and harmonious coexistence, as seen in the context of social, religio-cultural and economic perspectives, has taken roots in the historical past of this culturally rich city and is also being maintained at present, especially through the multi-religious shrines and various festivities associated with them,\" says Rana PB Singh, professor of cultural geography and heritage studies, Banaras Hindu University . Singh has been involved in studying, performing and promoting the heritage planning, sacred geography and cultural astronomy, pilgrimage studies (in India, Sweden and Japan) for the past over three decades as consultant, project director, collaborator and organiser.According to his studies, Varanasi or Banaras, better known as the cultural capital of India and Hindus' sacred city, records about one-third of its total population (1.6 millions in 2011) as Muslims. The importance of Muslims is noticed by existence of their 1,388 shrines and sacred sites, in contrast to Hindus' recording over 3,300 shrines and sacred sites. Since the beginning of the 11th century, Muslims started settling down here with a predominance of Sunni sect (90%), followed with Shia, Ahle-Hadith and Ahmadiya.These sects attributed their special rituals and performances attached to their sacred places, but they also participated in other groups' rituals.At the neighbourhood, such sacred places attracted even the Hindus who especially visited such places for healing and spiritual merits.\"Such sacred places maintain multi-religious characteristics that result into making Hindu-Muslim integration and harmonious coexistence. Among such places 14 are more popular, of which the five studied are mazars of Ghazi Miyan, Maqdum Shah, Chandan Shahid, Maulwi ji ka Bara and Yakub Shahid. At these places during religious ceremonies like urs (anniversaries) or melas (religious fairs), there occasionally developed bazaars to support the needs of visitors including Hindus,\" he says in his study. These places of multi-religious nature were studied in 1989 and in 2009.History has it that invasions of Mahmud of Ghaznavi (1021-1030) had opened the door to Muslim settlement in Varanasi. The sense and spirit of holiness embedded in Banaras has attracted people from various sects and religions like Vaishnavites, Shaivites, Tantrics, Buddhists, Jains and even Muslim Sufis. For many of the adherents, this is a special place of pilgrimage. In Banaras alone, there are over 3,000 Hindu shrines and temples, about 1,400 Muslim shrines and mosques, 12 churches, three Jain temples, nine Buddhist temples, three Sikh temples (Gurudwaras) and several other sacred sites and places. This is the only place in the world where such a huge number of Hindu and Muslim sacred places co-exist.The famous Persian Shia poet Sheikh Ali Hazim (1692-1766) came to Varanasi in 1734 and settled here. Mirza Ghalib (1797-1869) also stayed in Banaras for four months. He developed a high sense of attachment to this place, and wrote a poem of 108 stanzas in Persian (Chiragh-i-Dair), of which 69 stanzas directly show his feelings towards Banaras. He compared other cities and proved that Banaras in a sense of religious-educational and cultural values was unique in the whole world. Kabir, the saint poet, never compromised with fanaticism, whether propounded by Muslims or Hindus. Kabir raised his voice against social evils through the process of mass awakening and self-realisation that may help to constantly promote harmonious coexistence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12012155", "title": "Hoardings fall to shore up railway infrastructure", "text": "MUMBAI: In order to facilitate construction of new railway tracks, platforms and foot overbridges, huge hoardings near some railway stations in the city are being pulled down by the authorities.A Western Railway official said there was an urgent need to enhance passenger services and introduce 30 to 50 more trains in the suburbs. \"We are also planning to extend the Harbour line from Andheri to Goregaon and then extend it up to Borivli. For this, we are removing hoardings in the Andheri-Goregaon belt,\" he said.\"For example, the large hoardings outside the booking office in Andheri are no longer visible. They were removed as we plan to construct a railway line on the left side of platform no. 1,\" he added. This means that just like Santa Cruz railway station, Andheri station too would be islanded with passengers accessing the platform (no. 1) by a foot overbridge in near future.The official, however, said that the contracts for the hoardings had not been cancelled. \"We have allotted alternative locations to the contractors to put up the advertisements. We cannot afford to remove them completely as it fetches good revenue for the Western Railway,\" he stated.Hoardings have also been removed at other places like Charni Road to facilitate the construction of FOBs.WR chief public relations officer Sharat Chandrayan said, \"We are constructing a new pedestrian bridge at Charni Road that will be wider. Since there is a change in alignment, we are shifting it to a new space and for that some hoardings in the area are being pulled down.\"Another official stated that at some stations, the hoardings were being removed to allow redevelopment or extension of platforms. \"These are temporary measures and the hoardings may come up again once the platform work is completed,\" the official said.Hoardings fetch huge revenue for the railways. In the recent past, it had become a bone of contention between the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) and the railways as the two bodies were divided over the revenue-sharing formula. The BMC had accused the railways of cluttering public spaces with hoardings \"without adhering to guidelines\".According to the BMC guidelines, there should be a gap of 20m between two hoardings and they cannot be put up without erecting a pole. However, a railway official said that the department was not obliged to take any permission from the BMC and had a separate railway department to monitor all hoardings in its premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12013676", "title": "Devotees make over 1.25 crore Shivlings", "text": "VARANASI: The seven-day Parthiv Shivling Pujan, organised by Pandit Dev Prabhakar Shashtri (Daddaji) and his 'Bhakt Mandal' concluded at Townhall in Maidagin on Thursday.Notably, the ritual was aimed at making over 1.25 crore Shivlings in seven days, starting from February 17. The Shivlings were prepared from black clay, followed by rituals like Rudrabhishek, vedic enchantments and Bhagwat Katha.Later, the Shivlings were immersed in the Ganga. Thousands of devotees from across the country including Bollywood actor Rajpal Yadav and Ashutosh Rana were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12012632", "title": "High court talks tough on drunk driving", "text": "CHENNAI: Setting the tone for stringent punishment to those causing deaths due to drunk driving, the Madras high court on Thursday directed judicial magistrates across the state to view such cases seriously. Justice M M Sundresh asked the trial court judges to \"look into the facts and circumstances of each case and then decide the appropriate punishment, without mechanically imposing the fine alone\".The judge also directed investigating agencies to register a case under Section 304(ii) of IPC if a person, driving under the influence of alcohol, causes death in a road accident. The section deals with punishment for culpable homicide and provides for a maximum sentence of 10 years.The judge was passing orders on a bail plea filed by M Ramesh. On January 26, 2012, Ramesh rammed his car into two bikes and an auto coming from the opposite after crossing the yellow line. He then crashed into a pavement, leading to the death of one person.He was initially booked under section 304(A) of IPC, which deals with causing death by negligence. After tests revealed that Ramesh was drunk at the time of the accident, the charges were altered to those under Section 304(ii). He was arrested on January 30 and remanded in judicial custody the same day.Passing orders, Justice Sundresh said, \"For the first time, this court has come across a case in which an accused has been charged under Section 304(ii) for causing accident due to drunken driving.\" Noting that all cases of drunken driving are dealt with very leniently by magistrate courts, by imposing fines, the judge said such an approach is contrary to law and public interest.Citing a recent Supreme Court order, which called for stringent punishment under Section 304(ii) for drunk driving, the judge rejected the argument of the petitioner's counsel that this provision would not be attracted in the case. The judge said the reasoning adopted by the SC \"clinches the entire issue\".Since Ramesh's custodial interrogation was over, the judge directed that he be released on bail. Ramesh was directed to appear before the Anna Salai police station at 10.30am daily for four weeks.Section 304 (A) provides for a maximum jail term of two years or fine or both for death caused by rash and negligent driving. In contrast, Section 304-II attributes knowledge to the person that if he drove a vehicle under the influence of alcohol, he could cause death or inflict injuries on passersby that could cause their death. This section provides 10-year jail term to those found guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12013835", "title": "Remote-control drugs may spell end for pills, jabs", "text": "MUMBAI: Soon, you may be spared the inconvenience of popping multiple pills or getting repeated injections.Instead, medication could be remote controlled to be dispensed straight into the body through a small embedded chip. This implantable device was successfully tested for the first time in human trials where researchers used it to administer daily doses of an osteoporosis drug, normally given by injection.The device was tested on a group of women suffering from osteoporosis through a wireless link which dispensed drugs at regular intervals within the body.Billed as a 'pharmacy-ona-chip', this could provide a major breakthrough in treatment to patients suffering from chronic ailments like diabetes, heart disease and cancer , and where there is need to take multiple drugs and frequent injections. The chip could be filled with a variety of drugs to treat longterm chronic conditions, and programmed to dispense them automatically, experts say.Speaking to TOI, Robert Farra, president and CEO of MicroCHIPS Inc - the company behind the implantable drug-delivery device, and the study's lead author, said, \"The microchip is well suited for potent drugs. Diseases to be treated include osteoporosis, multiple sclerosis and acute conditions such as treatment after heart attack.\"Indian doctors welcomed the development as it would simplify treatment for people with critical conditions. The company plans to file for regulatory approval for its first microchip device in 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011641", "title": "Man set ablaze runs 100 metres to save life", "text": "NAGPUR: A man who was set ablaze by his creditor ran in full public view for around 100 metres to his home. The scene, reminiscent of Bollywood movie Nayak, became grim reality for Mithun Raut who was set afire for not repaying a Rs 1500 loan. Raut removed his shirt and tried to douse the flames using his hands until he reached his Bagadganj home in the next lane from the spot where he was set ablaze.\"I was in flames, running and screaming but none came to help. There was no option but to rush to my house,\" said Raut. Raut, 30, suffered more than 40% burns but is stated to be in a stable condition. He is being treated at Government Medical College and Hospital.Raut, a welder, had taken Rs 1500 loan from a scrap dealer Vinod Umredkar alias Gopi (24). Since he failed to return the money on time, Umredkar would often harass and threaten Raut. On Wednesday evening, Raut had been to a family function in Nandanwan when Umredkar came and demanded money immediately. To avoid disturbance at the function, Raut went with Umredkar on his bike. However, Umredkar took him to a desolate area at Bagadganj.Umredkar's brother Harishchandra was also present there. While Raut pleaded for some more time to repay the money, Umredkar took out a bottle of petrol and poured it on Raut. \"Before I could understand, Harishchandra set me ablaze and both fled on the bike. The flames engulfed me as I started running towards my home which was in the next lane. I discarded the burning shirt and tried to put out the flames with my hands. Hence my hands got burnt,\" Raut recalled.Raut, who got married just six months before, remembers the Nayak stunt that he played in real life. \"This was real. At that moment, I did just what came to my mind,\" he said. On reaching home, Raut asked his brother to take him to a hospital in blanket. Meanwhile, his relative Rahul Pantawne approached Nandanwan police station.Umredkar brothers were still in murderous mood when a police constable went to their home along with with Pantawne to question them. Police constable Sunil Rahawade and Pantawne were assaulted by Vinod, Harishchandra and his wife Meena and another person with iron rods. Police said Rahawade and Pantawne were also hurt but managed to escape. They have been admitted at a private hospital.Though Umredkars later tried to flee, Nandanwan police arrested all four of them. Two cases have been registered against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12012246", "title": "Ustad Tari Khan to perform in Patna", "text": "PATNA: Navras School of Performing Arts (NSPA), in association with \"Sham Chaurasi Music Circle\" and Patna Golf Club, will hold tabla and ghazal recital by Ustad Tari Khan at the golf club here on Saturday evening.Khan is renowned table player of Pakistan and belongs to a family of musicians. The legendary Bhai Mardana is said to be his ancestor. He has been associated with Mehdi Hassan for a long time and is a gifted ghazal singer also.He has been crowned with the title of \"Tabla Prince of India and Pakistan\" and winner of prestigious Hazrat Amir Khusro award. He has also received Pakistan's highest artistic honour, President's Pride of Performance Award, NSPA secretary Ajit Pradhan said.NSPA organized seven successful concerts last year which included shows by Pandit Rajan and Sajan Mishra, Pandit Channulal Mishra, Ronu Majumdar and Gauri Pathare. This the second concert being organized by NSPA this year, Pradhan said.Takshila Educational Society, in collaboration with Delhi Public School (DPS), Patna, has also decided to organize an evening of Sufi and qawaali rendition by Bachcha Nasim Kausar and group on the high court mazaar premises on Saturday.On this occasion, C L Das would be honoured for his immense contribution to Hindustani music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12010782", "title": "Strong case against actor Saif Ali Khan, say police", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after he allegedly beat up a South African businessman at a five-star restaurant, actor Saif Ali Khan insisted he was attacked first and that the episode was not a publicity stunt for an upcoming film. At a press conference on the strategic alliance of his new film Agent Vinod with World Series Hockey, the actor said, \"I have already said there are two sides to the story. I have complete faith in the court of law and they will best decide about the case.\"Police sources said there was a \"strong case\" against the actor and his friends , businessman Shakeel Ladak and producer Bilal Amrohi. The three were arrested on Wednesday for assaulting businessman Iqbal Sharma and his father-in-law Raman Patel. They were granted bail at Colaba police station within an hour.\"We have questioned eyewitnesses, including the hotel staff and management. Their statements have corroborated Sharma's version. This is a simple case so far and we will file a chargesheet very soon,\" said a senior officer involved in the probe.Saif had filed an application through his lawyer on Wednesday, levelling charges against Sharma. The actor alleged that Sharma and his father-in-law came to his table and started abusing the ladies with him, and started the fight. The application said he was later approached by Sharma's mother-in-law who requested him to forget the matter, saying no one was in their right mind. \"We have registered a non-cognizable offence in this matter. However, currently there is no strong evidence in his case. If he gets medical documents to prove he was hurt and assaulted, we will register an FIR,\" the cop said.The officer added there was no CCTV footage available as the five-star restaurant had not installed cameras in order to respect the privacy of their guests. \"We have no recorded footage of the incident. We have interrogated the hotel staff and taken down their statements. There were only these two parties present in the restaurant at that point so the management and staff are our sole witnesses,\" said the officer.Denying the incident was a publicity stunt, Saif said, \"I never publicize my film in a negative manner. Whoever does that, it depends on the mentality of the production house and their class.\"While Saif is sticking to his stand, saying he has full faith in the law and has filed a complaint with the police alleging he was hit first, so is the complainant. Iqbal Sharma visited the Colaba police station on Thursday evening along with his wife to give a statement to the police. Sources said he left the station by 8pm. Terming Saif's allegation that he was attacked first as \"rubbish\", Sharma said, \"Police have recorded my family's statement in the case.\" Reiterating that he couldn't say if Saif was under the influence of alcohol, Sharma said, \"I can't really say, but the action of Saif that night was definitely not of a person in a sober state of mind.\" Sharma returns to South Africa on Thursday night but will be back soon.Asked if he thought the cops have gone easy on the actor, Sharma said, \"Not at all, the right thing was done according to the section under which the case was registered.\" He added police are definitely taking the case seriously and expressed satisfaction with its progress. Senior police inspector Vinod Sawant too denied charges of being lenient towards the actor and his friends. He said Khan had been treated like any ordinary citizen and the police had followed all protocol in his arrest. \"We brought him to the police station in a police van, fingerprinted him and took down his statement. There is no question of partiality.\"Speaking to TOI, filmmaker Anubhav Sinha said, \"I personally know Saif, he is a thorough gentleman. It is inconceivable that he will violently react without serious provocation. It is unfair to run stories against celebrities just because it makes good TRP sense. Let the police do their job.\" Asked if stars misuse their position, filmmaker Ramesh Taurani said it was the other way and especially during outdoor shootings, stars get harassed by people who want to click photographs of them. \"I have worked with Saif. I really don't know what transpired that night but I have never seen Saif losing his cool any time. He is a well-mannered and classy person,\" Taurani said.Tajdar Amrohi, whose son Bilal was also arrested and later granted bail on Wednesday, told TOI, \"It is an unfortunate incident. The NRIs wanted mileage and have managed to gain it by seeing themselves on national news. I am told the senior gentleman started the scuffle and Saif and his group only reacted. Besides they were also passing filthy comments against the women on Saif's table.\"On the allegation that he was trying to gain mileage from the incident, Sharma said, \"I don't need such mileage. They need it to be in the public eye.\"But Bollywood , which usually voices its opinion on various issues on social networking platforms, chose to remain silent, barring a few like composer Vishal Dadlani. \"Let me put it this way. If Saif was provoked or hit first, I think he did what many of us would do. By 'us', I mean myself and you guys. Not condoning or defending violence, but everyone's allowed to be human once in a while, no? I think every right-thinking person should ask this question,\" Dadlani posted on Twitter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "12012340", "title": "MNREGA scam detected in Araria", "text": "ARARIA: The cap has been blown off a huge scam in the widely-trumpeted MNREGA funds in Karghair panchayat in Narpatganj block in Araria district which has lately turned out to be the marshy land of scams.FIRs were lodged with Narpatganj police station against the Karghair postmaster, Bishnu Deo Sah, programme officer (PO) Ravindra Nath, mukhiya Ravilal Rishideo and Rozgar Sevak Prahlad Mahto. They are charged with siphoning off the whopping MNREGA funds by withdrawing the money through forged passbooks in the post office, police said.In the midst of torrents of complaints about how MNREGA funds were withdrawn through forged passbooks, a police team headed by Araria SP Shivdeep Waman Lande swooped on the premises of the above-mentioned officials, and took the lid off the humongous MNREGA funds.SP told TOI on Thursday that more than 1,000 BPL people were issued job cards under the MNREGA scheme. However, the bonafide, unemployed youths were not given jobs. Their job entries were very randomly made in their cards, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016530", "title": "DJ delight at The HHI, Kolkata", "text": "The city's party people lived it up at Underground, The HHI, with DJ quartet Anshul, Felix, Vikrant and Sunny belting out some of the hottest tunes from their turntable.We caught revellers having a good time. Rahul and Simran were probably the most eye-catching as they unleashed some killer moves, tango-ing on the dance floor.Full marks to Veronica for turning up a cheery yellow - a colour that has already been doing the rounds on global runways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016641", "title": "Kamal inspires title", "text": "Debutant director Benjamin Prabhu says that he titled his film after Ulaganayagan Kamal Haasan's dialogue in the film Unnaipol Oruvan!\"I was watching the film and was totally mesmerized with the way Kamal sir mouths the dialogue, Padam Paarthu Kadhai Sol! His base voice and strong punctuation got me hooked, and I named my film after the line. Also, this title will suit every film that has a story to tell,\" he says. He further adds, \"Padam Paarthu Kadhai Sol, starring Dharun and Shikha, will hit screens next month.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12013366", "title": "BMTC bus kills woman pillion rider", "text": "BANGALORE: A 27-year-old woman died and her husband sustained head injuries after a BMTC bus knocked down their two-wheeler in Lokamanya Balagangadhara Tilak Road, Upparpet, on Thursday afternoon.J Vijayakumari, a receptionist at a cellular phone company, was riding pillion and the couple was on its way to work. According to police, the traffic slowed down and the bike too had to slow down but the driver of the bus behind couldn't apply brake on time.The bus hit the bike ahead and the couple was thrown off it. Vijayakumari was rushed to Srinivasa Nursing Home and referred to Mallige Hospital. She died on the way. Vijayakumari's husband Jagadish suffered minor injuries.The bus was heading to Jnanabharathi campus from Mysore Bank Circle. It was not on a regular trip but had been taken on lease by a private firm. The driver of the bus was taken into police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12010828", "title": "Number of AIDS patients go up in MP", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government on Thursday admitted that the number of AIDS patients in the state has shot up from 4577 in 2010 to 4755 to 2011.In a written reply, to a question by Kamal Patel of BJP in the state assembly, health minister Narottam Mishra informed that the number of AIDS cases has increased. Figures tabled before the house suggest, the AIDS cases detected in Mandsaur increased from 178 to 262, Ujjain from 290 to 338 while in the commercial capital Indore AIDS cases rose to 907 from 826 in 2010.Indore remained the city with most number of AIDS cases in the state followed by Bhopal with 461 cases, Jabalpur with 431 cases and Gwalior reporting 339 AIDS cases.Mishra in his clarification informed the National AIDS Control Organization's (NACO) third phase is underway in the state. Citing the reasons for increase in AIDS cases the minister said, that more people are being tested leading to increased detection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12014110", "title": "Special trains to ease passengers\u2019 rush during Holi, summer season", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Anticipating heavy rush of passengers during Holi and summers, railway administration has would special trains including Delhi Sarai Rohilla-Patna, Kolkata-Delhi and Howrah-CST Mumbai.Train number 4001/4002 will ply between Delhi Sarai Rohilla and Patna. This train will depart from Delhi Sarai Rohilla at about 5:20 pm and arrive at New Delhi at 5:45 pm, Ghaziabad at 7:03 pm, Kanpur at 2:30 am, Allahabad at 5:45 am, Mirzapur at 7:00 am, Mughalsarai at 8:30 am, Baksar at 10:10 am, Ara at 11:28 am, Danapur at 12:08 pm and finally reach Patna at 1:05 pm. During the return journey, the train will depart from Patna at about 2:10 pm and arrive at Danapur at 2:28 pm, Ara at 3:20 pm, Baksar at 4:23 pm, Mughalsarai at 6:10 pm, Mirzapur at 7:28 pm, Allahabad at 9:15 pm, Kanpur at 11:40 pm and finally reach Delhi Sarai Rohilla next day at about 12:00 pm.This train will ply from Delhi Sarai Rohilla end on February 29, March 3 and 6 and from Patna end on March 1, 4 and 10. This train will comprise about 16 sleeper coaches.Train number 03125/03126 will ply between Kolkata and Delhi (weekly). This train will depart from Kolkata at about 12:15 pm and arrive at Durgapur at 2:56pm, Asansol at 3:50 pm, Dhanbad at 5:00 pm, Gaya at 8:12 pm, Sasaram at 9;29 pm, Mughalsarai at 11:00 pm, Allahabad at 1:25 am, Kanpur at 3:50 am and finally terminate at Delhi at about 11:55 pm. During the return journey, the train will leave Delhi at about 7;10 pm and arrive at kanpur at 1:05 am, Allahabad at 3:45 am, Mughalsarai at 6: 30 am, Sasaram at 8:04 am, Gaya at 9;33 am, Dhanbad at 12:35 pm, Asansol at 1;42 pm, Durgapur at 2:27 pm and finally terminate at Kolkata at about 5:20 pm.This train will depart from Kolkata every Monday from April 16 to June 25 and from Delhi end every Tuesday from April 17 to June 26. This train will comprise of one AC-III tier, one AC-II tier, five sleeper and four general coaches.Train number 3061/3062 would ply between Howrah and Chatrapati Sivaji terminus (CST) Mumbai. This train will depart from Howrah at about 8:20 am and go through the route of Asansol, Dhanbad, Gaya, Sasaram, Mughalsarai,Mirzapur, Chheoki, Satna, Katni, Jabalpur, Pipariya, Itarsi, Khandwa, Bhusawal, Manmad, Nasik, Igatpuri, Kalyan, Dadar and finally terminate at CST next day at about 11:50 pm. During the return journey, the train will depart from CST at about 12:30 pm and after passing through the above route will terminate at Kolkata next day at about 6:00 am.This train will leave from Howrah end every Tuesday from April 17 to June 26 and from CST (Mumbai end ) every Thursday from April 19 to June 28. This train will comprise of about 1one ACII tier, one AC-III tier, ten sleeper and two general coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011870", "title": "Team Anna demands 'right to reject' option in EVMs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reiterating their demand for electoral reforms, Team Anna on Thursday met the Election Commission and sought inclusion of the \"right to reject\" option in electronic voting machines.During their meeting with the Election Commission, Team Anna also demanded barring candidates against whom a court has framed charges from contesting elections.Activist Anna Hazare, along with his associates Santosh Hegde, Prashant Bhushan, Arvind Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi, discussed the matter for about an hour with chief election commissioner S Y Quraishi.The team raised issues like inclusion of form 49(O), wherein a voter can say he/she does not want to vote for any of the candidates, and barring of candidates against whom courts had framed charges.According to Team Anna, the meeting was \"very useful\" and the commission was \"very receptive\" to their ideas and demands. After the meeting, Hazare said \"right to reject\" was \"very important\" and that it would help in \"cleansing\" the electoral scenario.To a question on reports about the government planning to divest the commission of the power to oversee implementation of model code of conduct, Hazare said it was wrong if the government was planning to do so. \"This is wrong. The Election Commission is an independent body. The government should not have any hold on the body. If there is interference, then the body will lose it power. If the government does so, then there is no point in talking about independence of the Election Commission,\" he said.While the chief election commissioner is constitutionally protected, Hazare said the two election commissioners should also be given the same status.Times ViewThe right to reject would be an important addition to the armoury of the ordinary citizen in dealing with corrupt or arrogant leaders. At the moment, the electorate is often forced to choose between corrupt or otherwise undesirable candidates and settles for the lesser evil. If the law were to allow for elections to any constituency to be declared null if the number of votes rejecting all the candidates exceeded those polled by any of them that could change drastically. Of course, the law would also have to specify that in the fresh election to follow none of the rejected candidates would be able to file their nominations. The Indian voter today is vastly more empowered than she was a couple of decades ago and this would be another step in the right direction.Assembly elections 2012 newsUP polls", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12013266", "title": "Locals reel under strict fishing rules", "text": "KOLKATA: It has been alleged that locals in the Sunderbans are being robbed of their traditional livelihood rights even six years after the Forest Rights Act, 2006, came into existence. Contrary to the Rights Act, the Sundarban Tiger Reserve (STR) is engaged in denying the livelihood of the residents by imposing ban on fishing, honey collection, timber and shell collection by arbitrarily increasing the critical tiger habitat (CTH) from 985 to 1699.22 sq km, said representatives of various forest dwellers' associations on Thursday.The STR has put a blanket ban on any human activities in CTH. \"But the problem is most of the rivers where fishing is rewarding are situated in this core area. The increasing CTH has adversely affected the livelihood of fishermen. Moreover, the forest officials are establishing a new sanctuary called West Sundarbans Wildlife Sanctuary on 462 sq km. This would further shrink the fishing zone. State forest officials are ignoring the law and imposing various restrictions, thus affecting people's livelihood,\" said Pabitra Mondal, Sundarban Jana Shramajibi Mancha.\"The Forest Rights Act under section 3, I and 5 empowers the forest dwellers to protect the wildlife, forest and bio-diversity. But the forest department never bothers to consult the 'biggest stakeholders' of the forest before imposing any restrictions,\" said Gobinda Das, secretary of Sundarban Matsyajibi Joutha Sangram Committee.Sasanka Sekhar Dev of Society for Direct Initiative for Social and Health Action said before 1973, nearly 1 lakh people used to depend on fishing in the Sundarbans. Since then, the department started issuing boat licenses. This led to a lot of clandestine fishing. The officials found a way to fill up their pockets by harassing these so-called illegal fishermen. Such illegal act is bound to happen when you are issuing licnece to a few, depriving the majority.\"The licence allotment is a scam in itself. Most of the holders 60 licences distributed recently under recommendation of the South 24 Parganas zilla Parshad functionary Niranjan Majhi, were found to be anybody other than fishermen. They were found to be student, teacher and even a resident of a far off places like Chennai. Often the BLC is auctioned by a section of STR officials at a premium, alleged Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12013040", "title": "Ex-GF declines to tie knot with Salman Rushdie", "text": "NEW YORK: India-born novelist Salman Rushdie may not hear wedding bells anytime soon, as Michelle Barish, whom he had proposed to last December, declined his offer of marriage, a media report said. Barish has \"returned the 7-carat emerald-cut diamond ring he presented to her,\" the New York Post reported.Rushdie had reportedly proposed to his ex-girlfriend Barish just two days after she split with billionaire Steve Tisch, producer of 'Forrest Gump'. Barish has a daughter with her former husband entrepreneur Chris Barish.The Post said she \"had thought carefully about his offer but declined because she wants to focus on her child\".The 64-year-old novelist had parted ways with Barish in March last year. Rushdie has been married four times before. His last wife was model and TV star Padma Lakshmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12013280", "title": "UP polls: Mulayam silent, Akhilesh hopeful", "text": "KANPUR: Unlike earlier occasions, which were generally marred by incidents of violence, polling in the 12 assembly constituencies in Etah, Etawah and Mainpuri districts - the proverbial Mulayam belt -- was by and large peaceful with no incident of violence being reported. As the turnout upsurge continued in the fifth phase too, the three districts too were no exception. Etawah registered 59% polling while Mainpuri and Etah, had 57.25% and 60.25% respectively.The dozen assembly seats, which are located in the three districts are considered as the bastion of the Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and his clan. The outcome of the polling in these three districts holds immense significance for Mulayam, whose personal prestige is at stake at a time when his party is claiming an undercurrent in its favour.Mulayam and his entire family including heir apparent Akhilesh Yadav cast their votes at their native place in Saifai. Mulayam's younger brother and the party nominee from Jaswantnagar, Shivapal Yadav, is the only family member contesting the assembly polls, as the most of the family members are members of Parliament.The only interruption in the three districts took place at booth number 300 in Nagla Ber village in Etawah's Jaswantnagar assembly seat, where votes polled outnumbered the existing official figures and re-polling was ordered here. \"It was an error on the part of the returning officer and the re-poll was ordered to do the correction,\" said assistant district election officer, Bhuwan Singh, returning officer of Jaswantnagar constituency.Not very long ago, Shivpal used to call the shots in the party's affairs, but he has been isolated after the elevation of Akhilesh Yadav as state party chief. However, Shivpal remains a strong contender to retain the Jaswantnagar seat, which he has been winning for the past three elections. \"People voted in my favour for my works and development was the only factor here,\" said Shivpal, who has rather maintained a low profile, and a safe distance from the media.Mulayam Singh remained silent and didn't reply to media queries when he came to vote. However, Akhilesh was forthrcoming. \"Our party will win at least 207 to 260 seats and we will form a majority government on our own,\" he said. About controversial statement of the Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal that \"Majority to Congress or President rule,\" Akhilesh said that his party had no plans to lodge a complaint with the EC.\"We appeal to voters to understand intentions of the Congress and vote to ensure defeat of such forces,\" he said. In 2007, the SP had won Etawah (Sadar), Jaswantnagar and Bharthana, whereas the BSP wrested the Lakhna seat. The ruling BSP dealt a major humiliation to Mulayam and his party by winning Etawah (Sadar) and Bharthana seats in 2009 bypolls.All four constituencies of Mainpuri district including Mainpuri, Bhongaon, Kishni and Karhal are in the vicinity of Saifai, the native village of Mulayam and the entire family campaigned extensively to resurrect their position. Dharmendra Yadav, the MP from Badaun and Mulayam's nephew, had campaigned extensively in these areas, as a positive outcome here could play a vital role in determining his future in the family as well as in the party.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12013670", "title": "Politics over body at assembly gates", "text": "KOLKATA: When alive, former MLA Pradip Ta had free access to the assembly. But when the hearse carrying his body arrived at the House on Thursday, there was hardly any arrangement to bid him farewell.\"Even a table and a piece of linen required to lay the body were missing. Who is acting behind the scenes?\" said an agitated Surjya Kanta Mishra, the leader of the opposition in the House. Left Front legislators chose to pay their respects to Ta outside the assembly gates. They claimed they were not allowed to do so inside.The scenes provided more fodder to the opposition to allege that Trinamool Congress was playing politics even with the dead. Speaker Biman Banerjee claimed he had no \"official intimation\" that the body of the former MLA would be brought to the assembly.\"Even then, I had left instructions with the assembly secretariat staff to let them in and also to pay their respects. I told them to allow the legislators. The assembly secretary and Marshall did it, only television cameras were not allowed. Paying respects and allowing cameras are different. Their angst is about the latter,\" he said.Mishra also criticized chief minister Mamata Banerjee for her comment on Ta's murder. \"It appears the chief minister is yet to learn from her mistakes,\" he said.Speaker Biman Banerjee said he wasn't present at the assembly when former MLA Pradipa Ta's hearse was brought there because he was not aware of it.\"The assembly is not in session. It is not possible for me to keep tabs on which MLA attends and who doesn't. I am there at the assembly every week day. Today I was unaware of this, so I attended a meeting in my constituency and reached late,\" he saidOpposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra, however, said the secretariat was intimated on Wednesday. \"Even yesterday, when I was returning to Kolkata, the district administration advised me against it. It had never happened during the Left tenure. Today we saw not a single MLA from the ruling party was present, not even the deputy speaker. Only the Assembly staff were present. Even television cameras were barred. Anisur Rehman (the deputy opposition leader) spoke to the Speaker about this, but he expressed his helplessness,\" he said. \"This is politics. This is dalatantra. even in the Assembly,\" he added. Former Assembly speaker Hasim Abdul Halim termed the incident as \"unprecedented\" and said it \"lowered the dignity of the Assembly.\"Mishra also criticized Mamata Banerjee for her comment on Ta's murder. \"It appears the CM is yet to learn from her mistakes. I will not comment on what the ministers said. They speak in many voices and often contradict each other,\" he said. \"Yesterday, it took me two-hours to bring the body out of Burdwan, so huge was the crowd. Does it speak of infighting or mob violence? Ta's wife was threatened at home. It was a pre-planned murder. And seven police officers stood there allowing the attack. They will get their reply on February 28 (when Left unions have called astrike).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12012628", "title": "Cops on the trail of Nuvem murder accused", "text": "MARGAO: The Maina Curtorim police on Thursday claimed that they have definite leads in the murder of 20-year-old Manjit Fernades who was stabbed to death by an unknown accused. The murder occurred following a brawl after he was leaving a rain dance party at Nuvem on February 21 night.Police sources said that the police are on the trail of the accused and were confident that he would be nabbed soon.Explaining the circumstances leading to the murder, South Goa SP Arvind Gawas said that the incident occurred over a flimsy reason. \"The accused picked up a quarrel with Manjit on seeing him in conversation with a girl who had accompanied the accused to the dance party. Arguments followed. The accused then pushed Manjit and stabbed him with a knife. It appears that it all happened for an unsubstantial reason,\" Gawas said, adding that the accused seems to possess criminal tendencies.\"We have identified the accused and he will be nabbed soon,\" Gawas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12012598", "title": "2 more held for illegal possession of govt land", "text": "JAIPUR: The JDA police station on Thursday arrested two more persons on charges of taking illegal possession of a land belonging to the Rajasthan Housing Board (RHB) on the basis of fake documents. The police had arrested three others on Wednesday. The accused allegedly faked signatures of ministers, senior government officials and prepared the documents.According to the police, the two arrested persons have been identified as Kuldeep Sharma, a resident of Mission Compound on Ajmer Road, and Ramjilal Sharma belonging to Ram Nagar Colony in Sanganer. Kuldeep and Ramjilal claiming to be official bearers of one Ram Nagar Housing Cooperative Society prepared bogus documents to encroach upon a land measuring 4.97 bhiga in Devari village.\"In the documents, they claimed that the land, which is actually owned by the RHB, had been sold to them by farmers. To fake the documents, they made bogus signatures of senior officials, including those of RHB and JDA. In the documents, they have shown ownership of at least eight plots in the area,\" a police officer said.Earlier on Wednesday, police had arrested three others - Devesh Singh, Kaluram Saini and Govind Dadhiya. They had also taken overRHB land adopting a similar modus operandi.\"The interrogation of the arrested persons is going on. It seems a racket is involved in the case,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12011991", "title": "10 hurt in train-truck collision", "text": "AHMEDABAD: At least 10 persons were inured when a truck, after breaking through a railway crossing, collided with Navjeevan train which was heading for Ahmedabad on Wednesday evening. The injured were admitted to a hospital in Nadiad.Railways officials said, the train had left Kanjari Boriyavi station and was heading for Ahmedabad city when the incident took place. Kanjari Boriyavi station is between Nadiad and Anand city. At 6.20 pm a speeding truck crashed through the gate at a railway crossing just ahead of the railway station and rammed into the Navjeevan train which was coming from the other side.Two sleeper class reserved coaches S-9 and S-10 and a general coach were damaged. The truck driver who had a miraculous escape was later arrested for rash driving.The passengers who were sitting near the entrance of the general compartment were among those injured.The truck driver had sped up seeing the railway crossing being closed. But before the truck could pass the crossing had closed and the driver was unable to brake in time.Railway officials said that five passengers sustained serious injuries and another received minor injuries. The injured were then brought to Nadiad in the same train.The Nadiad station authorities had informed the 108 EMRI Ambulance along with other ambulance, which were kept ready at Nadiad station to shift injured passengers to nearby hospital. Injured passengers were immediately shifted to civil hospital Nadiad. Senior Railway officials rushed to the accident site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bettiah", "code": "12012028", "title": "Bihar court awards death to kidnappers, pats cops", "text": "BETTIAH: In probably a first in recent years in Bihar , a Bettiah court has awarded death to two and life term to five for kidnapping two technocrats-turned-traders for ransom after their speedy trial that involved just 25 days of hearing.While delivering the judgment on Thursday, additional district and sessions judge Sultan Muzaffar profusely praised the prosecution and recommended to the government to take notice of the proactive policing led by young West Champaran SP Nishant Kumar Tiwary which resulted in the recovery of two innocent citizens within 24 hours after the case was lodged.The accused, all residents of the district, were found guilty under Sections 120B and 364A/34 of the IPC. While Krishna Yadav alias Mama and Bhola Prasad Kushwaha were sent to the gallows; Ravi Mahto, Upendra Choudhary, Chandreshwar Sah, Mukti Narayan Choudhary and Dasharath Chouhan were convicted for life.In another first, SP Tiwary told TOI, the case was lodged over telephone. \"One Rajendra Singh called from Patna on December 6, 2011, informing me that Krishna Yadav took his kin, Ravindra Singh of Ahmedabad, on the pretext of establishing a factory at Bagaha and was now demanding Rs 25 lakh from the family over telephone to release him,\" the SP said and added police instantly lodged an FIR.Tiwary constituted a special task force which located Krishna with the help of a cellphone tower and nabbed him. His interrogation led to the arrest of Bhola who had kept the Gujarat businessman captive in a sugarcane field in a riverine area. Much to their surprise, the policemen also found a Haryana businessman, Zarnail Singh, kept captive by Bhola. \"We later learnt he had also been kidnapped for ransom,\" the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12012315", "title": "Scribe attacks: Katju serves notice on CM", "text": "MUMBAI: Criticizing the state government for its failure to prevent attacks on journalists, Press Council chairman Justice Markandey Katju on Wednesday served a showcause notice on chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, asking him why he should not recommend to the president that the DF government be dismissed for its inability to uphold the freedom of press.\"You are requested to show cause why I should not recommend to the president to dismiss your government since it seems to have failed to uphold the Constitution as it has failed to uphold the freedom of the press.\"Please reply within three weeks after which I will take such action as is fit in the circumstances,'' the former Supreme Court judge wrote to Chavan.A delegation of journalists had apprised the Press Council chief of the large number of attacks on journalists and media houses, including the recent one on Times of India building in Mumbai, allegedly by Shiv Sena activists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12013768", "title": "Balagurusamy blames VCs for corruption", "text": "SALEM: Former vice chancellor of the Anna University and member (education) of State Planning Commission E Balagurusamy said here that right persons should be appointed as vice-chancellors for universities. He was speaking to reporters who sought his views on the demand for setting up vigilance committees to probe corruption in universities.Many universities in the state are under a cloud with senior officials facing corruption charges. Recently, directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption officials had raided Salem Periyar University following allegations of corruption in paper valuation and staff appointments. PMK founder S Ramadoss had asked for a vigilance committee to inquire corruption allegations raised against university officials when DMK was in office. Balaguruswamy said if vice chancellors were clean all the staff too would be sincere and honest.Earlier in the day, Balaguruswamy inaugurated a two-day national seminar on India Inc. as global super power at the Salem Periyar University. Quoting from a study prepared by Goldman Sachs (India), the academic said that major reforms were necessary in various areas including governance, education and health sectors for the country to grow into a major world power. Right to Information Act and e-governance could go a long way in reforming governance, he said.Balaguruswamy pointed out that the government allots very little funds for education. Hence, quality of education in Indian universities is very low. He said that there was not a single Indian university in a recent ranking of world's top 300 universities.Similarly, the physical infrastructure in healthcare was woefully inadequate to meet the needs of the public and capacities have to be doubled. \"A recently study shows that 2 out of 5 doctors don't visit the healthcare centres and more than 70% of the medicines are stolen by the staff. This raises a big question about professional ethics in India,\" he said. Periyar University vice chancellor K Muthuchelian presided over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016625", "title": "Amala Paul settles in Chennai", "text": "After shuttling between Chennai and Cochin, Amal Paul has decided to stay in Chennai, because Kollywood is right here.Amala Paul has some very good offers in her kitty and with Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Eppadi and its Telugu version Love Failure being declared a hit, the actress is sure that she some envious offers will come her way.Sources in Kollywood say that with the biggies favoring Amala Paul as their heroine, she has decided to stay in Chennai. The actress needed residence in the city and has found one in T Nagar, it is said. According to reports, Amala had liked the house and has paid the advance. She is looking to organize a grand housewarming ceremony before moving in.source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12120471", "title": "Uttarakhand CM asks EC to probe undelivered postal ballots", "text": "DEHRADUN: With elections being fought on a razor-edge victory margin in Uttarakhand, chief minister B C Khanduri has asked the Election Commission (EC) to probe the reportedly large number of undelivered postal ballots.Concerned over the anti-incumbency factor, Khanduri has asked the EC to look into undelivered postal ballots which he claimed were around 50 per cent.\"Why 50 per cent postal ballots were returned undelivered? The Election Commission should order a probe into the matter,\" he said.Uttarakhand Chief Electoral Officer Radha Raturi, however, said only 25 per cent of the one lakh postal ballots received were returned undelivered.This time over 1.19 lakh people, including over a lakh army personnel, are casting their votes through ballot papers, which would continue till 8 AM of March 6 when the votes will be counted, Raturi said.Senior Congress leader Satpal Maharaj, who is one of the main contenders for the post of chief minister, has asked the EC to appoint separate observers for counting of postal ballots.\"We apprehend that there may be illegal postal ballots. So the commission must appoint those observers who have thorough knowledge of the postal ballot procedures,\" Maharaj said in a letter to the EC.BJP on the other hand has dismissed these apprehensions of Congress as merely a \"fear factor.\"\"Congress knows we are better placed. So they are enacting a new drama because of an obvious fear factor,\" said a state BJP spokesperson.Postal ballots could play a crucial role in as many as 20 constituencies out of the total 70 in the hill state where Assembly elections were held on January 30.Elections 2012 NewsUttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12013731", "title": "German\u2019s death is wakeup call: Cops", "text": "VARANASI: The mysterious death of a German tourist, Raphel Wawrzymiak, has sounded a wakeup call for the district administration, police as well as the tourism department. They have realized the need to check drug mafias operating in the city and supplying drugs and intoxicants to low-budget tourists.Raphel, who was staying at a lodge in Luxa, was rushed to hospital after his health condition deteriorated on February 21. But he could not survive. The cause of death could not be ascertained in postmortem report on Wednesday night after which his viscera was preserved. The condition of his body hinted that he died due to overdose of intoxicants, said the SP City MS Chauhan.He said three companions of Raphel, Italian Sarra and Russian tourists Rogozin Evgeny and Romanovskiy Valentin, had been instructed not to leave the station until the officials from German embassy and Raphel's family members arrived in the city.After this episode, ADM City MP Singh and Chauhan held a meeting with regional tourism officer Dinesh Kumar on Thursday. The officials decided to launch a massive drive in city area against illegally operating hotels, guest houses, lodges and also against fake guides. But, whether these drives would reduce the charm of low budget tourists, also known as back packers, who prefer to stay in cheaper guest houses and lodges near ghats along the Ganga to take benefits of the easy availability of intoxicants and prohibited drugs, is the billion dollar question.It could be considered that the officials knew it very well that the tourists coming in groups or in medium budget range category do not indulge in practices like the low budget tourists. Cracking down on the nexus of illegally operating places of stay and fake guides would also give benefits to the same tourists.But, until the pockets from where intoxicants like ganja, heroin and others are made available to those foreign tourists, who stay for long here due to the same reason, putting a check on incidents like Raphel's death would remain impossible.When the attention of officials was drawn towards that point, Chauhan admitted that hectic exercise was needed in that direction. But, he was not sure when such an exercise could be undertaken.It is also very strange why the police are unable to identify such pockets. Chauhan said agencies other than police would be engaged to get perfect inputs in order to initiate effective action to check this problem. He said a change in the atmosphere would be visible very soon.Meanwhile, Mamta, a 35-year-old woman and wife of a hotel owner, died in mysterious circumstances at her residence in Paredkothi area under Sigra police station on Thursday.On receiving information of the incident police reached the incident site where her husband claimed that she had committed suicide. However, when Mamta's brother reached the incident site he claimed that initially his brother-in-law gave him a telephone call and informed that she had consumed poison.But after some time he made two calls and continued changing his statement that she had hanged herself and later informed that her health condition had deteriorated sharply. He alleged that his sister was murdered. Taking a serious note of it the police started investigating the matter after sending the body for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12012759", "title": "Higher secondary exam in Assam begins today", "text": "GUWAHATI: The higher secondary (class XII) examination conducted by the Assam Higher Secondary Education Council (AHSEC) will begin on Friday with General English. The council has taken every possible step to ensure that the examinations are conducted smoothly.U C Das, AHSEC secretary said, \"About 2,19,140 students from arts, science, commerce and vocational courses are likely to appear for the examination this year, with 2,17, 953 students from arts, science and commerce and 1,187 students from vocational streams.\"He added, \"Since this is the first time that NCERT books have been prescribed for the students, we issued special guide books and model question papers a few months back so that the students get an idea on the type of questions they will have to answer.\"Asthaa Baruah, a candidate said, \"Even though I'm well prepared for the exam, I'm still very nervous as we are the first batch to appear after NCERT prescribed books were introduced. I hope everything goes well.\"\"Higher secondary exam is the most important exam in a student's life. The career options we choose often depend on our higher secondary results,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12012655", "title": "Mapusa BJP president held for Code violation", "text": "MAPUSA: The president of the Mapusa block Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Rajsingh Rane was arrested on Thursday for violation of the model code of conduct enforced in the state. Rane was arrested on Wednesday evening and was later released on personal bond of 10,000.It may be recalled that the nominated BJP candidate for the Mapusa constituency had opened his election office at Morod in Mapusa in the presence of Manohar Parrikar and party's campaign chief Shripad Naik on February 9, which was attended by party supporters. Midway through the function, the flying squad stopped the use of the amplified sound.The returning officer of the constituency N M Gad then filed a complaint in this regard with the Mapusa police, stating that no prior permission was sought to hold the meeting. The organizers had also not sought the permission to use amplified sound. The returning officer had also issued a show cause notice to Francis D'Souza as to why the expenditure of 22,260, which was incurred during the meeting, should not be included in the election expenditure.The Calangute police arrested one Maxi D'Cruz for the wrongful confinement of the supporters of Saligao's independent candidate Trajano D'Mello on Wednesday. Complainant Victor Zuzarte of the NGO Lokancho Adhar has complained to the Calangute police that while he along with five other people were campaigning for D'Mello at Grand Morod in Saligao, one Maxi D'cruz threatened them by holding the collar of his shirt. He then abused them and confined them in his compound wall. The police later rescued them and arrested Maxi D'cruz under sections 352, 504, 506, 341 of the IPC. He was later released on bail. Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011431", "title": "Govt does flip-flop in court on gay sex", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre suffered a huge embarrassment in the Supreme Court on Thursday when its counsel termed homosexuality as immoral, disregarding the decision of the Union Cabinet not to oppose the Delhi High Court's verdict on Section 377 of Indian Penal Code decriminalizing consensual sex among gay adults.Appearing in the hearing on a petition challenging the HC order which decriminalized Section 377 and was celebrated as a major triumph by gay activists and liberal advocacy groups, additional solicitor general P P Malhotra launched into a sharp attack on homosexuality, calling it immoral.Asked to explain by a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya, Malhotra said, \"It is against the order of nature. The order of nature is that a man's genital is meant to be inserted in the female's biological genital. But if it is to be inserted in another man's organ meant for excretion of waste, will it be proper?\"Asked who decided what was moral and immoral when the legislature had not provided a proper comment, Malhotra said, \"Homosexuality is highly immoral. How can society tolerate it?\"Malhotra, who had appeared before Delhi HC to oppose the plea to decriminalize Section 377 with regard to consensual gay sex on grounds that it would open the floodgates for child abuse, relied on the very same affidavit as he carried on for three hours with his intense pitch, provoking gasps of despair among gay rights activists and others.Even hours after the home ministry clarified that the ASG read out a wrong affidavit before the apex court, Malhotra continued to read details in the affidavit filed before the Delhi HC opposing any dilution of Section 377, saying Indian society still considered homosexuality to be an immoral act.Eventually, in an unusual intervention, fellow additional solicitor general Mohan Jain got up to tell the court that Malhotra's pitch should not be taken as reflecting the Centre's stand. Jain said he also represented the ministry of home affairs, and that the Centre had taken no stand on the issue.Jain sought to drive home the point by emphasizing that he had been told by the attorney general that the Centre would maintain complete neutrality during the hearing, limiting its role to assisting the court.Ministry of home affairs also joined the damage control exercise, clarifying that Malhotra acted on his own in opposing the HC order, and that the ministry had taken no position on the issue. In a statement, it recalled the decision of the Cabinet not to appeal the Delhi HC order which attracted criticism from many. \"The decision of the Cabinet was that central government may not file an appeal against the judgment to the Supreme Court; however, if any other party to the case prefers an appeal, the attorney general may be requested to assist the SC to examine the matter and to decide the legal questions involved.\"It further said, \"MHA conveyed this decision to the attorney general, MHA has not taken any position on homosexuality and has not given any instruction apart from conveying the decision of the Cabinet.\"Centre's neutrality stems from its reluctance to take a stand on a divisive issue. While the Delhi HC judgment has been welcomed as a 'new deal' for the LGBT community, their advocates as well as liberals, gay sex remains taboo for vast swathes of society whom government may not wish to offend. Opinion is split in the Union Cabinet as well.At loss to comprehend diverse arguments from the Union government, the bench wondered what was going on. It asked Jain to take proper instructions and inform the court by Tuesday. When Jain wanted to file an affidavit, the court said there was no need of an affidavit in the middle of final hearing but the ASG was welcome to assist the court.Before Malhotra, senior advocate Amarendra Saran appeared for Delhi Commission for Protection of Child Rights (DCPCR) and argued that behaviour and sexual orientation of people in society may vary but there was no instance before the HC about Section 377 being abused to harass a group called \"homosexuals\".\"Only a single instance of harassment was cited and on that basis the HC re-wrote Section 377. The HC was also wrong in assuming that Article 15 of the Constitution barred discrimination on the ground of sexual orientation of people when in reality the Constitution has barred discrimination on the ground of gender but allowing special provisions for women ,\" he said.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12013810", "title": "Work to begin soon on Gandhipuram flyover", "text": "COIMBATORE: The highways department has invited bids for the Gandhipuram flyover in the city which will be opened on March 21. Work on building the flyover, sources said, is expected to start year end. The total cost of the project is Rs 153 crore, with the tender value for the grade separator pegged at Rs 99 crore. The rest will be spent on land acquisition and shifting of electric poles and water lines.Though the project is scheduled to be started only by the end of this month, it may very well begin months before that. The 1.23 km flyover would start from Nanjappa Road and end at Sathyamangalam Road. The flyover will extend near the Omni Bus Stand, said a senior highways official. As part of the project, two round-abouts would be built near Park Gate and Aaree Hotel, a pedestrian subway near Gandhipuram bus stand, a subway at 100 Feet Road and a circular ramp.The subway would be a four lane one. Work will be completed 30 months from the date of commencement. Senior highways officials said that the Madras high court had vacated the stay against issuing tenders for the project. The flyover, which has been delayed for years due to various reasons, will come as a boon for motorists as Gandhipuram is one of the most congested areas in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12012613", "title": "Murder witness shot at, one held", "text": "JAIPUR: Residents of Khatipura locality in the city were taken aback when some motorcycle-borne assailants opened fire on Thursday afternoon at a businessman who was the prime witness in a murder case.The injured businessman Harmannu Singh Dhariwal (37) was standing outside his office when the unknown assailants shot at him. The bullet hit his right wrist and then his stomach. He was immediately rushed to the SMS Hospital where he is currently undergoing treatment, police said.Soon after firing at Dhariwal, one of the assailants fell down from the bike as the vehicle slipped. Later, both the assailants started running taking but police were on a hot chase. One of the assailants identified as Rajesh Puri (20) was nabbed.\"It appears that the arrested person was a henchman who was probably hired by people booked in Ashok Ramwat's muder case in which the victim was the prime witness,\" deputy commissioner of police (West) Sharat Kaviraj said. Police added the victim had got threats from unknown persons asking him to turn hostile in court in the murder case of Ramawat, who was killed in 2007 in a Jhotwara locality. tnnPolice were interrogating the arrested to find out the people who had conspired on the attack", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12011247", "title": "Workers protest against builder demanding dues", "text": "INDORE: Construction workers staged a hunger strike on Thursday against a prominent realtor of the city, Manish Kalani demanding their pending dues claiming to be to the tune of Rs 4 crore. The protesting labourers claimed that the builder allegedly removed them from the work without settling their outstanding dues.The workers first tried to protest in front of Treasure Island Mall of Kalani but the employees of the mall did not allow them to stage the demonstration. Then they moved to the SP office with the protest. The labourers claimed that they had approached the local police, district administration and even wrote a letter to Prime Minister but to no avail. On denying justice from them, they decided to sit on the protest.One of the workers, Rajesh Bikdar, who was leading the protest, said around 250 workers were working at Treasure Vihar construction site in Rau. On December 31, they were removed from work without any intimation and the company did not even pay their pending dues. When the labourers approached the owner of the company, he allegedly refused to pay the dues. He also stated that the company gave a contract to different contractors to carry out the work at the under-construction mall. The workers claimed that they had to get an outstanding dues of Rs 4 crore from the builder.Despite repeated efforts, Kalani could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12012281", "title": "Centre tries for ways to win over CMs on NCTC", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the Union home ministry looks to allay states' concerns over the National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC), its officials are working overtime to answer questions raised by over a dozen chief ministers about the 'powers' given to this anti-terror agency which is meant for coordinating counter-terrorism efforts throughout the country.Since these chief ministers are strongly opposed to the Centre's notification empowering NCTC with power to arrest and conduct search and seizures anywhere in the country, considering it an encroachment to their jurisdiction, officials are focusing on this particular provision to clarify the ministry's position.A draft, being finalized by them, explains that it is absolutely necessary to empower any such agency under section 43 (A) of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act to operate under 'live' operation situation like what had happened during the 26/11 Mumbai terror attack.\"If any agency goes for operation like 26/11, it is not possible for commandos to look for state police before catching anyone. Operation of this kind may go on for days. In that situation, it is absolutely necessary to give commandos some legal cover. The contentious Section 43 (A) will serve this purpose,\" an official said.The official, engaged in working out standard operating procedures (SOPs) for functioning of the counter-terror body, explained that the Section 43 (A) gives commandos flexibility of not to present any arrested terrorist before a Court within 24 hours of arrest as enshrined in the CrPC for state police or agencies like NIA and CBI.\"Procedure of arrest and seizure as enshrined in Section 43 (B) of the same anti-terror legislation calls for forwarding the arrested person or article to the nearest police station without 'unnecessary' delay. It hasn't specified the time limit of 24 hours, making it easier for operational commandos to conduct their duties in extraordinary situation,\" said the official.These sections were added to the UAPA after its amendment in December, 2008 post-26/11. The ministry was, in fact, mulling over an option to empower the elite anti-terror force National Security Guard (NSG) and specialized naval force MarCos (Marine Commandos) with such powers under Section 43 (A) before the NCTC notofication.The NIA, which works under a separate Act, has the power to arrest and search under Section 43 (A) of the UAPA. Since the agency has 'police station' power, it is not required to present arrested person before the nearest police station. The probe agency has in that sense more power than the NCTC.Officials explained that such 'police' power does not lie with the NCTC and therefore it will necessarily have to take state police into loop after arresting any person during operation. Besides, this counter-terror body will have a mechanism of 'standing council' comprising chiefs of anti-terror wings of all states for taking any key decision - making it mandatory for the agency to take concerned state on board before launching any operation within its jurisdiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12013154", "title": "A spin for cycle lovers from today", "text": "LUDHIANA: In a city which has gradually been nurturing the healthy habit of cycling, pedal lovers will get a chance to witness a wide range of bikes and choose the one they have always dreamt of at Bike Expo-2012, starting on Friday.The three-day event is also important for manufacturers and dealers as many new models of advanced cycles would be launched in the expo to be held on Government College for Women ground, Bharatnagar Chowk.Chairman of United Cycle Parts Manjeet Singh said about 70 companys will display their models. \"About 80% manufacturers would be from Ludhiana while the remaining participants would be from various parts of the country,'' Singh added. He said about 2,500 dealers are expected to visit the expo this year.About 30 to 40 new models are expected to be launched at the expo. The expo would also exhibit high-tech luxury rickshaws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "vasco/panaji", "code": "12012720", "title": "3 more shells uncovered at Mormugao port", "text": "VASCO/PANAJI: Three more armament shells, probably more than two decades old, were found in the mud lodged inside the dredger being repaired at Western India Shipyard Ltd dock at Mormugao port after four workers were injured in an explosion on Wednesday.The blast had occurred after the workers tried to cut the shell using welding machines. The three shells have been sent to the naval armament depot in Dabolim while investigations are on. \"Action will be initiated against the management after the report regarding the incident is received from Mormugao police inspector,\" S M Paranjpe, chief inspector of factories and boilers inspectorate said. tnnThe workers erred in not reporting the matter to the concerned authorities at the workshop, but the management shares the blame in not supervising the work, he added.The inspectorate of factories and boilers has been verbally informed by authorities that the vessel, which was being repaired in the WISL dry dock, was a dredger belonging to dredging corporation of India (DI) - II.The repairs apparently involved cutting out the corroded part of the vessel for replacement. During repairs, workers found a shell. \"This was one foot long and made up of metal bodies,\" a source said. It was 2.5inch in diameter and looked like a capsule.\"The workers may have been curious to see what was inside and tried to cut it with the welding machine,\" the source said. The shell exploded as it contained ammunition powder.The vessel had been stationed near Karwar beach before its arrival at Mormugao port. Sources said armament shells used in firing practice may have fallen on the sea bed and during dredging may have mixed with the mud, which remained stuck to the vessel.Sources said the shells containing explosive powder were being used about 20 years ago. WISL authorities have decided to take some precautions in carrying out future work on the dredger. The inspectorate of factories and boilers is waiting for a confirmation that the shells are armament shells.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12012244", "title": "Power output to top 14,300MW in 2 years: State", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana government on Thursday claimed that the state was hopeful of pushing its installed power generation capacity by around 5,000 megawatts in the next two years. It claimed that the capacity was likely to touch 14,374MW by 2013-14.This was disclosed by Tarun Bajaj, managing director of the state's electricity transmission company, Haryana Vidyut Prasaran Nigam (HVPN), at the technical coordination sub-committee (TCC) meeting of the Northern Regional Power Committee. Bajaj said that the peak power demand in the state was hovering around 5,000MW at present, which translates into 1,000 lakh units a day.By the end of March the demand is expected to increase to 11,155MW with a 15% annual growth. There are indications that the state's own generation capacity is likely to increase to 9,700MW by March end.Bajaj claimed that the state has achieved the targets set in the 10th Five-Year Plan which shows that Haryana is moving ahead to become power-surplus. A government spokesperson said that the main reason behind high growth of power demand in Haryana and particularly in the NCR cities of Haryana is their proximity to Delhi.Bajaj said that Haryana has entered a new phase of developing and augmenting power transmission system with the signing of the first ever transmission agreement in the country with viability gap funding (VGF) support from the Central government. This is also the first project in public-private-partnership mode in any sector in Haryana with VGF support.He said that the mounting demand of power, expanding network, voltage upgradation and technological sophistication called for bigger financial commitments. The need was felt for attracting private finance and technical inputs by taking the PPP route for development construction and operation and maintenance of power projects.Later in the day, Haryana Governor Jagannath Pahadia also told the state Assembly that a nuclear power plant of 2,800MW capacity (four units with 700MW each) is being set up at Gorakhpur village in Fatehabad district. The Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd (NPCIL) has undertaken pre-project activities for two units of 700MW each which are proposed to be set up in Phase I of the project. The land acquisition proceedings are in progress.Pahadia, who was delivering his address at the opening of the budget session of Haryana Vidhan Sabha said that there has been a huge increase in the supply of power to consumers on an average daily basis as it has increased to 1,009 lakh units as against 578 lakh units in 2004-05.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12010816", "title": "Man sets wife on fire, in custody", "text": "BHOPAL: Angry over her refusal to stay with him, a man set ablaze his wife in Ekata Nagar under Sukhi Sewenia police station here late on Tuesday.The police have registered a case under sections of attempt to murder in the incident. The accused is in police custody. The condition of the woman, now being treated in a hospital, is stated to be critical.The police said Rani and her husband Pradeep had strained relations for some time. Pradeep is an alcoholic and the issue often led to arguments between the two. Rani and her two kids had shifted to her parents place in Ekta Nagar recently.The incident took place when accused went to take her back. Police said when the woman refused to come with him, the accused poured kerosene on her and set ablaze. Later, Rani was rushed to hospital where doctors termed her condition as critical.Victim's family told the police that accused would put pressure on the woman to earn and bear expenses for his drinking. The woman wanted him to give up drinking habit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12013309", "title": "Fresh summons to Yeddyurappa and kin", "text": "BANGALORE: The special Lokayukta court on Thursday issued summons to Yeddyurappa and his family in a case of alleged illegal denotification of land. They have to appear in court on March 16, the next date of hearing.Yeddyurappa's sons BY Vijayendra and BY Raghavendra and son-in-law RN Sohan Kumar are the others to have been issued summons in a private complaint filed by advocate Sirajin Basha.The complaint also accused BJP MLC Bharathi Shetty of getting a site allotted in RMV II Stage under 'G' category and later trying to amalgamate it with an adjoining site belonging to BY Raghavendra. However, the case against Bharathi Shetty has been dismissed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12012911", "title": "UP polls: 59.2% vote in Yadav belt &amp; Bundelkhand in fifth phase", "text": "LUCKNOW: The fifth phase, too, followed the trend of the past four, with a robust 59.2% turnout which will make this a tough fight for both SP and BSP as Thursday's poll covered the Yadav belt in the west and Dalit-dominated Bundelkhand in the south. In 2007, the same districts saw 47.57% polling.Polls were held in 49 constituencies across 13 districts. While five districts of Bundelkhand saw a four-cornered fight among BSP, SP, Congress and BJP, the prestige of SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav is at stake in the four districts of Etah, Etawah, Mainpuri and Firozabad. The three Central UP districts - Kanpur, Ramabainagar and Auraiya -- have substantial Brahmin and Dalit population and the contest here was mainly between BJP, BSP and Congress.Like in the first four phases, women and youth came out in large numbers this time too. Although deep-rooted caste and community factors influenced voters to some extent, a strong anti-incumbency against the state and central government as well as local MLAs and MPs was also felt. The issues widely discussed were lack of basic amenities like bijli, sadak, pani, price rise, law and order, 4.5% sub-quota for Muslims and rampant corruption.The factors responsible for the high turnout are said to be comparatively fewer anomalies in the voters' list, anti-incumbency, pleasant weather and 100% turnout of the cadre of various political parties. All the major parties claimed that the increase in the turnout went in their favour. But people had a different take. Ranjit in Kanpur said that people in his locality are voting against the sitting MLA who could not solve the drainage problem of the area during his five-year term. But for Shahi in Hamirpur, law and order was the major issue.Political pundits pointed out that in 2007, the Yadav turnout was low in the SP stronghold because the community was angry with Mualayam Singh Yadav for not fulfilling his promise of providing jobs. Similarly, in 2009, voting percentage of Dalits came down because they were not happy with the prominence given to Brahmins in the administration by the Mayawati government. But this time, political analysts felt, both the communities seem to have come out in large numbers to vote for their parties in elections which are heading for a photo-finish.Of the 49 assembly constituencies, Lalitpur assembly seat recorded the highest 72.16% turnout and Govindnagar saw the lowest polling at 50%. District-wise, Lalitpur topped with 70.58% polling followed by 62.25% in Ramabainagar, 61.57% in Firozabad, 60.38% in Jhansi, 60.25% in Etah, 60.07% in Kanshiramnagar, 60% in Jaulan, 59% each in Auraiya and Etawah, 57.25% in Mainpuri, 57% each in Hamirpur and Mahoba and 54.60% in Kanpur.Prominent candidates in the fray included Uma Bharati of the BJP, who is making her maiden foray in the UP electoral politics from Charkhari in Mahoba district and leader of the opposition in the outgoing assembly, Shivpal Singh Yadav, from Jaswantnagar, Etawah. The elections are also crucial for Congress as Rahul Gandhi has been focusing on Bundelkhand area for the past five years. BSP had swept the region in the 2007 assembly elections but lost miserably in the 2009 Lok Sabha polls. This time, it is trying to regain lost ground.\"Today's turnout was an impressive. In fact, it would have been higher had more voters stepped out of their homes in Kanpur, where polling was comparatively low,\" state chief electoral officer Umesh Sinha said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kamareddy", "code": "12011966", "title": "Electoral battle gets tougher in Kamareddy", "text": "KAMAREDDY: With the ruling Congress announcing its candidate for Kamareddy segment, the triangular contest is set to witness a high-pitched battle for the bypolls on March 18. Congress announced district cooperative commercial bank (DCCB) chairman Yedla Raji Reddy as its candidate after former minister Mohammed Shabbir Ali refused to enter the fray despite his followers' demand.With Shabbir Ali deciding to stay away from the election, TDP is eyeing the minority vote bank who form a sizeable number in the total electorate of 2,03,098 in the constituency. TDP candidate Nittu Venugopal Rao has already hit campaign trail by wooing the minority Muslims. On the other hand, TRS is banking on the strong Telangana sentiment.But the party is bogged down by internal bickering, which began after Gampa Goverdhan joined the party after resigning from TDP. Though Goverdhan's name was announced by TRS as its candidate for the by-election, local party cadres are upset. In a significant development, TRS on Thursday suspended senior minority leader and party politburo member Mohammed Yousuf Ali for indulging in anti-party activities. Yousuf Ali quit TDP and joined TRS before 2009 general elections. He had contested from Zaheerabad LS seat on TRS ticket in 2009 and lost the election.\"Ali did not take the joining of Goverdhan into TRS lightly. Since then, he became a TDP covert and was indulging in anti-party activities,\" a local TRS leader alleged. Despite the setback, TRS is confident as its leaders said they would highlight TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu's two-eyed policy on Telangana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12010882", "title": "150 senior doctors seek greener pastures", "text": "BHOPAL: Medical colleges in the state look set for tough time ahead with over 150 senior doctors applying for no-objection certificates and positions in soon-to-be functional All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in Bhopal.The government does not appear to be in a mood to relent. Director, medical education (DME), Dr SC Tiwari said, \"We have yet to decide granting NOC to applicants. The government is considering all options. It may ask for resignations instead of allowing deputation.\"The doctors, who do not come under the purview of the DME and linked autonomous bodies, have been granted NOC letters.Sources said the AIIMS has received 3,000 forms for openings. Notwithstanding, government's stance, exodus of professors, assistant professors and associate professors for these colleges would hit medical education and hospital services.The academic session in the Bhopal AIIMS is expected to start from August 2012. Sources indicate that recruitment process is on and interview dates are likely to be declared in near future.However, it is not Bhopal AIIMS alone which doctors find good from career point of view. Six AIIMS will come up at Patna, Bhubaneshwar, Jodhpur, Raipur , Rishikesh and Bhopal as part of the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY). Doctors accept that there would be numerous opportunities in these hospitals --each of them would have 960 beds- and medical college.\"Lack of growth prospects in the government hospitals is pushing doctors to look for alternatives. In the past six years, organisations like Madhya Pradesh Medical Teachers Association (MPMTA) have asked the government for pay parity with other professors in the state. The government has failed to create conducive conditions for us,\" said a senior doctor at Bhopal-based Gandhi Medical College.Besides the government medical colleges, Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre (BMHRC) is likely to get hit by openings in AIIMS in Bhopal. In last one year, there were only three recruitments in the BMHRC.\"Better pay is not the only incentive. We will have better growth prospects at AIIMS,\" said a consultant at BMHRC citing institution and poor career opportunities at the super-specialty hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011409", "title": "Students evolve well through art at expo", "text": "NAGPUR: With an art exhibition inaugurated on Thursday, the state-run Chitrakala Mahavidyalaya will be flaunting, for three days, the creations of its 320 students, whose art works in different mediums are on exhibit at the college campus.The college that offers courses in applied arts, painting, sculptures and art teacher diploma has added the masters in fine arts department from this year. Five students of this department too are exhibiting their work.At this year's exhibition, experimentation with media and social issues expressed through different forms of art are the highlights. Kishor Ingle, a lecturer at the painting department says, \"When you talk of art, what comes to mind are artist from Mumbai and Baroda. But students from our college, too, have evolved well and are competing with the best in the domestic as well as international markets.\"The various sculptures, paintings and installations stand testimony to this claim. A cycle assembled by Ashish Deshmukh from junk, makes a statement on the excessive use of fuel and its ever diminishing reserves. A canopy made by Kishor Pawar, from tatters hung together with strings, depicts corruption and how the entire society is stringed together on this.The exhibition is dominated by the students of applied art who have showcased their talent through imaginative corporate campaigns. The painting section too displays the sensitivity of the artists who have expressed their feelings on canvass on as diverse issues as students burdened with curriculum and the increasing dependence on electronic items.Various mediums like calligraphy, etching, miniature paintings and wood cut paintings are on exhibit showcasing the talent of these undergraduates.The art works on exhibit have been selected from the year-long work done by the students and would be exhibited at the Jehangir Art Gallery, Mumbai at its monsoon exhibition.Delighted over the increasing response that this annual event has been receiving, dean of the college AS Darokar said, \"The number of art collectors and buyers who visit this exhibition has increased over the years. That is because our college offers the maximum media for a student of art to express himself.\"The inaugural ceremony was followed by prize distribution for those who excelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12012780", "title": "Non-Congress parties tell EC to invalidate proxy votes", "text": "IMPHAL: All political parties other than the ruling Congress have demanded that the EC declare invalid all the proxy votes detected in the recently-held state assembly election.The state went to polls on January 28 to elect 60 legislators for the tenth Manipur assembly. Following complaints of booth rigging and other malpractices, the EC ordered a repoll in 34 booths in the hill districts, which was conducted on February 4.The non-Congress parties' demand came even as the EC is considering another round of repoll in Manipur in the wake of detection of gross mismatches between voters' photos taken in polling booths and those incorporated in the electoral rolls.Following a joint meeting convened in Imphal with M Nara Singh of the CPI in the chair on Wednesday, the parties - NCP, BJP, CPI, CPI (M), JD (U), MPP, MSCP, NPF and AITC - submitted a memorandum highlighting the resolutions to the EC.The memo demanded that the EC declare invalid the proxy votes already verified and confirmed across polling stations. It also urged the EC to take a decision in consultation with all political parties regarding complaints asking for another repoll.It added returning officers should be directed to furnish postal ballot accounts including the lists of postal ballot voters to all the candidates and political parties by Saturday. The memo also said the postal ballots issued in a fraudulent manner should be recalled and declared invalid.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12013355", "title": "Administrator rule imposed at LMC", "text": "LUCKNOW: The administrator rule was formally imposed at the Lucknow Municipal Corporation on Thursday.Municipal commissioner Shailesh Kumar Singh took full control of the municipal body, nearly a fortnight after city mayor Dinesh Sharma bid adieu with the completion of his tenure. Singh was expected to take charge soon after. However, he had been evading from doing so and had in fact informed about to the state government. On Thursday, he finally took charge and has been vested with the powers of municipal house as well as the executive committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011477", "title": "Afghan safe after mall leap", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 28-year-old Afghan, who arrived in the city three days ago, jumped off the second floor of a shopping mall in Delhi on Thursday.Police said the mentally challenged youth was trying to commit suicide. He is recuperating at AIIMS. Mohammed Arif, of Herat in Afghanistan, pushed a guard to get inside 3C'S Mall in Lajpat Nagar that was closed when the incident took place at 2.40am, additional commissioner of police Ajay Chowdhary told IANS.\"As per his landlords statement, he looks like mentally ill,\" said an official.The official said Arif was living in a nearby Vinobapuri locality where he had rented a house only three days ago when he arrived in the capital with his sister.His sister soon returned to Afghanistan.\"His family has been informed. The reason behind his extreme step is yet to be ascertained. Initial investigation revealed that he has been suffering from mental illness and he came here for his treatment,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016423", "title": "Rocking performance at The Park, Kolkata", "text": "The crowd had a good time at Someplace Else, The Park, as Gabu and Panku came together with Rohyt and Satrujit of Kashish and paid a tribute to American alternative rock band Red Hot Chilli Peppers .Thus, tracks like \"Aeroplane\", \"Suck my kiss\", \"Look around\" and lesser known numbers like \"If you have to ask\" were belted out one after the other.We spotted a group of friends from Spain having fun at the do and singing along.With every song, the generous crowd cheered the performers on, their love for funk rock coming to the fore with every roar!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12013400", "title": "Muslim women in Kanpur show zeal for poll", "text": "KANPUR: The fifth phase of assembly election in the city witnessed a huge participation of Muslim women voters.One could also see many first time voters in the 'burqa-clad' crowd.Long queues of women voters were witnessed in the densely populated Muslim localities like Babupurwa, Ajeetganj, Begumganj, Bakarganj, Faithfulganj (under Cantonment assembly constituency), Chamanganj, Beconganj, Talak Mahal, Nai Sadak, Rizvi Road (under Sisamau constituency), Usmanpur Colony and adjoining areas (falling under Kidwai Nagar assembly constituency), Roshan Nagar, Rawatpur Goan (under Kalyanpur constituency) etc.Among this lot, there were several college going Muslim girls who had come to cast their vote for the very first time. Most of these girls were clad in 'burqas'. Many showed their inked finger displaying that they had cast their votes.Nafeesa Bano, a mother in Bakarganj locality, had come to vote with all her four children. One of them was voting for the first time. At St Xavier's College in Ashok Nagar, the row of women voters stretched longer than the row of male voters. Rural women voters also reached the polling centres in huge numbers.Meanwhile, serpentine queues were seen in front of many polling booths in the district on Thursday even though the day remained scorching at 31 degree Celsius. As poll fever gripped the city in the fifth phase of elections, people turned up in large numbers to cast their vote.People seemed enthusiastic for voting since early morning. Morning walkers were among the earliest voters. Those who wanted to go for voting in the afternoon had to wait till the evening due to the heat. If the first half of the day mostly male voters dominated the booths and in the evening it was female voters who were witnessed casting votes with full zeal and pride. Many of them also brought their kids to witness the 'festival of democracy'.According to the data available from Kanpur South till 12 noon, around 60% male voters had cast their votes while 39% women had used their franchise. At booth number 60 at Dr Soney Lal Patel school in Juhi, some 313 voters had cast their votes by 11.30 am. Out of them, 188 were men and 125 women. Similarly at booth number 211, as many as 295 persons, 169 men and 126 women, had cast their votes.At KK College in Kidwai Nagar, 307 out of 717 voters had exercised their franchise by 12.30 am. Out of them 117 were male voters. Several women such as Radha at Kaushalya Devi school booth, Anita at K K girls inter college ,Rashmi Gupta at Soney Lal Patel school booth clearly said that they had first fulfilled their responsibilities of their family thereafter then went ahead to cast their votes.Lata a house wife said, she could not cast her vote in previous Parliament election as her name was not there in the list. Now she herself had filled the form and collected the voter ID card. Voting is my right and I am here to take part in democratic structure,\" she said.Rashmi thanked election commission to issue voters slip to the voters. This had helped her and other women. \"Almost every thing was systematic,\" she praised.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12012748", "title": "Red rage: China to strip Tibetans of minority status?", "text": "BEIJING: An influential Communist Party leader in China is asking for completely erasing the legal identity and minority status for Tibetans as a means to deal with escalating protests and do some damage-control for the country's image, dented by a spate of self-immolations by Tibetan activists and monks.The official, an interlocutor with the Dalai Lama's envoys and a key Tibet policymaker, has suggested that the unrest could be quelled if the Tibetans were denied a sepa-rate legal identity in government documents.Zhu Weiqun , deputy director in the Communist Party's United Front Work Department, asked the two houses of Chinese parliament - the National People's Congress and the Chinese People's Political Cons-ultative Conference - to am-end laws concerning Tibetans during their upcoming annual meetings in March.He said that mentioning the ethnicity and minority status on identity cards of Tibetans erodes the sense of nationalism and cohesion.The proposal, which aims to dilute the Dalai Lama's influence in Tibetan areas, follows nearly 20 cases of self-immolation by protesting Tibetans, which triggered calls from several Western governments, including Washington and Paris , demanding that Beijing ensure that the Tibetans are treated fairly.\"Some of our current educational and administrative policies have unintentionally weakened (the minority people's) sense of nationhood and Chinese nationalism,\" Zhu said in an article. The best way to achieve 'national cohesion' is by stopping to give them separate status as an ethnic minority on identity cards, using ethnic labels in the titles of schools and autonomous regions, and giving them privileges reserved for minorities, Zhu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12012962", "title": "Cops tap Holmes, Agatha Christie to learn case solving", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Detective writings of famous authors like Donna Leon, Arthur Conan Doyle ( the creator of Sherlock Holmes ), Agatha Christie and Patricia Highsmith will soon be a part of the Chandigarh police' curriculum. Considering Holmes appeal, there is every likelihood that cops will look towards the fictional hero known for his astute sense of logic to crack cases here.Police have decided to introduce a subject on 'advanced investigation skills' in their training programme with a view to bolster their investigation wing.\"We would introduce this subject to enhance the efficiency of officers probing various cases and this would also help them to hone their investigating skills. This will be a very interesting course and we will make use of the writings of famous authors of detective novels to explain things,\" Suman Kumar, deputy superintendent of police (training), told TOI. \"Policemen will be given lectures by celebrated cops, who are known for cracking sensational cases, from different parts of the country. Their lectures will be both informative and inspirational for the cops,\" said Kumar.He said that emphasis would be laid on making this course more interaction-based and works of crime writers like Donna Leon, Agatha Christie, Val McDermid and Dorothy L Sayers will be used to explain various intricacies of cracking different cases.Also, help will be taken from psychologists and counsellors to make the men in khaki emotionally stronger.\"We will teach them how to collect vital clues, leads, sensitive proofs and to connect the sequence of events in a crime. We need an emotionally strong work force that is capable of handling hard-core criminals. We cannot use third-degree against offenders and these tactics will help policemen in interrogation,\" stated Kumar.DSP Kumar would send the curriculum of this subject to the inspector general of police, UT, for his approval and this subject will be introduced from April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12011963", "title": "Narmada project to get top priority in state budget", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Narmada project is likely to get the highest priority in the state budget, to be presented in the Gujarat state assembly on Thursday. Well-placed Sachivalaya sources said that a sum of about Rs 8,000 crore, higher than the allocation for any other department in the annual plan, has been set aside for the project.\"It would be anywhere between 16 and 20 per cent of the annual plan, which is expected to cross Rs 46,000 crore,\" a senior government official said, adding, \"Narmada is the political requirement of the government in an election year. It must show that lifeline project is on way to completion.\"In fact, officials said that the proposed allocation for Narmada is likely to be Rs 1,000 crore higher than the Rs 7,000 crore for the outgoing financial year, 2011-12.Insiders, however, said despite the huge allocation for 2011-12, the Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd ( SSNNL) - the project's implementing authority - would be able to spend not more than Rs 5,000 crore, as several of the canal works already begun are taking time to complete.A senior official said: \"While Narmada-based irrigation potential for 5.36 lakh hectares (ha), mainly in Central Gujarat, has already been created, works are under progress for creating irrigation potential of 8.95 lakh ha in North Gujarat and Saurashtra. Tenders are in process for rewarding works for another 1.92 lakh ha in Kutch. The total command area under Narmada is slated to be around 18 lakh ha.\"As of today, works for Rs 5,300 crore are in progress,\" the official said, adding, \"While part of the payment for these works would be done this financial year, another part will be taken forward to the next financial year, 2012-13, making it part of the next annual plan. Also, works for Rs 2,000 crore, whose tender process is pending, will be rewarded in the next financial year.\"Other works proposed to be carried out include building a weir for Rs 300 crore, about 12 km from the Narmada dam, at Garudeshwar; and finishing the construction of the dam for Rs 300 crore, which includes 31 piers and the bridge on top, at 138 metres height.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12013236", "title": "Punjab Agricultural University bags championship at national meet", "text": "LUDHIANA: The sportspersons from Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) brought laurels to the varsity at the 13th all India inter-agricultural university sports &amp; games meet held at Dr Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth, Akola (Maharashtra) from February 16 to 19 by winning the overall championship trophy for the third term consecutively.Director, students welfare, Devinder Singh Cheema said PAU won eight golds, one silver and a bronze medal at the meet. PAU athletes established their supremacy in various events claiming four golds, a silver and a bronze.The other four gold medals were bagged by the PAU basketball (men) team, table tennis (women) team, and the men and women badminton teams.The sports persons who received medals in the meet are as follows:Raj Kamal Singh Dhillon: a gold each in long jump and high jumpAmrit Pal Singh: a gold each in discus throw and shot putSatinder Singh, Taranjit Singh, Arjun Singh , Azadwinder Singh and Gurbrinder Singh: a silver in 4x100m relayTaranjit Singh: a bronze in 200m", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011654", "title": "4 burglaries reported in city", "text": "NAGPUR: Four burglaries were reported from separate places on Thursday morning. All together cash and valuables worth Rs 3 lakh were burgled in the cases.Darshan Colony resident Navin Sonvane's house was burgled within a span of one hour on Thursday afternoon. Sonvane told police that he and his wife had gone to a nearby shop when the burglary took place.They locked the home at 12 noon and found the lock broken open when they returned in an hour. The thieves got away with cash and valuables worth Rs 1.5 lakh. Nadanwan police have registered a case.In another incident, valuables worth Rs 1.13 lakh were burgled from Shaikh Iqbal Rahim's residence in Bhavani Nagar on Wednesday night. Rahim, a security guard was on night duty at his workplace when the burglars targeted his residence. Rahim lodged a complaint at Kalamna police station.Two more burglaries were reported at Jaripatka and Gittikhadan police station on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011502", "title": "Make voting compulsory: NCP leader", "text": "MUMBAI: Guardian minister for the island city Jayant Patil is following in Narendra Modi's footsteps. Like the Gujarat government, Patil wants voting to be made compulsory.Expressing concern over the low turnout of voters in the recent civic polls, Patil said, \"The voting turnout was very low. This is not good for democracy. To increase the turnout, voting should be made mandatory for citizens and accordingly, the Constitution should be amended.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12013463", "title": "Police chief to act after getting court order", "text": "MUMBAI: City police commissioner Arup Patnaik on Thursday said he would wait till he gets a copy of the Bombay high court order before deciding the further course of action on probing the disproportionate assets case against former city Congress chief Kripashankar Singh. The court on Wednesday directed Patnaik to register an FIR against Singh for \"criminal misconduct\" under the Prevention of Corruption Act, attach the Singhs' movable and immovable properties, personally investigate the case and submit a status report on April 19.\"The high court has directed us to probe the case,\" said Patnaik. \"I have read about it in the newspapers and watched on TV channels. However, I am yet to get a copy of the court order. I will decide a plan of action after going through the order.\" The police chief added that since it was a court matter, commenting without reading the order wouldn't be proper. The FIR could be registered at the Colaba police station as the HC comes under its jurisdiction. However, the appointment of investigating officers would have to be decided by the police chief.The court passed the order while hearing a 2010 Public Interest Litigation (PIL) that alleges that Singh and his family have amassed disproportionate assets worth hundreds of crores of rupees. Patnaik refused to comment on the pattern the investigation could take. \"It's too early to say anything,\" he added.It is learnt that Patnaik may form a team of handpicked officers to probe the case. Officers who have worked with the Economic Offences Wing and the Anti-Corruption Bureau may get a place in the police chief 's probe team. Sources said that seasoned officers could be part of the investigation and keep Patnaik informed about each and every action since he would be the highest investigating authority.The HC directed that the PIL's memo be treated as an FIR. The court asked the police chief to investigate the criminal case against Singh, his wife Malti Devi, son Narendra Kumar Singh, daughter-in-law Ankita Singh, daughter Sunita Singh and son-in-law Vijay Pratap Singh and submit a report by April 19. The high court ordered the attachment of about 15 immovable properties, estimated in the PIL to be worth Rs 320 crore, owned by the Singh family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12012957", "title": "8 babies die in a day in Malda", "text": "MALDA: Crib deaths have once again returned to haunt Malda Medical College and Hospital. At least 8 children, mostly newborns, died at the hospital in the last 24 hours. While three of the babies were born in the hospital itself, the others were referred to the district hospital. One of the babies was even admitted to the sick newborn care unit (SNCU).Doctors blamed the deaths on low birth weight or premature birth.The horror of crib death haunted at Malda Medical College and Hospital yet again after a respite of few days. At least 8 children, mostly new born, died in the hospital in last 24 hours. All but three were born in the hospital and one of them was even admitted to Sick Newborn Care Unit (SNCU). Doctors, however, played same record of low birth weight or premature birth.Tuhina Biwi of Kaliachak had given birth to a daughter on Wednesday night. But the baby died within 5 hours of its birth. The plight was no less for Aliman Biwi of Kaliachak who lost her day-old son. She could not enjoy her motherhood for more than a day after her son succumbed to his ailment on Wednesday night. Mina Das, a resident of Harishchandrapur, also lost her four-day-old baby late on Wednesday night.Marzina Biwi of Kaliachak suffered a similar fate. She had given birth to a son on Wednesday. But the baby had been suffering from breathing trouble since birth. Finally, he succumbed to the ailment this morning. A daughter was born to Sabana Biwi of Harishchandrapur. But she lost the baby within 6 hours of its birth.Suniti Burman of Harirampore in South Dinajpur had admitted her 3-day-old son in the SNCU. But the baby died on Wednesday night. While Besra Biwi of Jalalpur lost her 1-day-old son, Rabina Biwi of Old Malda lost her day-old daughter on Thursday morning, taking the toll to 8 in 24 hours.It may be recalled that 116 babies had died in the hospital in the last month, while the figure has already crossed 60 this month. Bereaved guardians alleged of negligence on part of the doctors. \"Though I pleaded with the doctor several times, but my baby was not attended,\" said a father.However, vice-principal of the college M A Rashid said, ruled out any flaw on part of the doctors. He denied the fact that the doctors negligenge has caused the deaths.\"Most of the babies were underweight and were admitted to the hospital in a critical condition. Doctors could do nothing despite their best efforts,\" he said. He conceded that a baby had died in the SNCU but cited breathing trouble as the reason behind its death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12012269", "title": "Press Council of India sets up three member team to probe into MP scribe, kin's murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: Press Council of India (PCI) Markandey Katju has constituted a three-member fact-finding team on Thursday to inquire into the murder of journalist Chandrika Rai and his family in Madhya Pradesh's Umariya district.The three-member team fact-finding team would be headed by Kosuri Amarnath and include Rajeev Ranjan Nag and Kalyan Barooah, a Council statement said.All the three are members of the Council. The task before the fact-finding team is \"to investigate into the murder of journalist Chandrika Rai, and his three family members in Umariya district, Madhya Pradesh, and submit a report to the Press Council at the earliest,\" the statement said.Chandrika Rai (42) and his wife Durga (40), son Jalaj (19) and daughter Nisha (14) were found murdered in their family house last Saturday.The PCI sought the cooperation of the state authorities on behalf of its team. \"The Madhya Pradesh authorities are being requested to give all cooperation to this committee so that it can discharge its duties effectively,\" the statement said.The council has been taking up the issue of journalists' security with several state governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12011787", "title": "1.5L illegal structures to go legit", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat government has cleared a major proposal to regularize an estimated 1.5 lakh illegal structures in urban areas constructed on so-called new tenure lands, which the government distributed free of cost to the poorer sections of people, especially landless, during the land reforms days.According to sources, people bought such lands in large numbers in Eastern Ahmedabad and urban areas of Vadodara and Bharuch districts, mainly in the former Gaekwad ruled areas to build structures without bothering to pay up premium to regularize their titles.A senior government official has told TOI, \"Anyone wanting to regularize the illegal structures on such lands would be required to pay an impact fee, already decided by the government, and the structures would be regularized. But as for the lands on which the structures stand, these would be regularized on payment of a premium for converting the lands into old tenure, making these liable to be freely sold.\"The official added, \"The premium would be 40 per cent of the latest jantri rate, as required under the tenancy law.\"Pointing out that a complete package for regularizing structures on new tenure lands has been worked out and cleared at the highest level by state revenue minister Anandiben Patel and is pending a formal nod from chief minister Narendra Modi , the official said, \"The names of those who will apply to regularize structures will be recorded in the state revenue registers.\"While till now, the government could attach such properties, the new notification, to be issued shortly, ensures that this does not happen. The land titles of these lands will be allowed to be kept pending till the owner of the regularized structure tries selling it. Once the owner seeks to sell the structure (and the land), he must pay the premium first.The package consists of three parts.The first one is for those who seek to pay up the premium along with the impact fee. For such people, the land would be immediately converted into old tenure and the title would be cleared.The second one is for those structures that came up between 1976 and 1986. During this ten year period, no premium was required for converting the land into old tenure if it fell under a town planning scheme. Such lands will be cleared without any payment of premium.And as for the rest of the lands, which are maximum in number, the liability of land title will remain till the payment of premium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12010765", "title": "10K quintals chopped wood rotting in open", "text": "BHOPAL: Around 10,000 quintals of chopped wood, dumped in a park opposite the old Vidhan Sabha, has been allowed to rot. The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) fell 2,300 big and shady trees to clear way for the 24 km Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor. The corridor that begins from Misrod stretches to Bairagarh.When cut the cost of the wood was Rs 50 lakh. On realizing that that wood was decaying, a committee of six corporators was appointed to ensure its disposal. Nothing has been done so far and the wood continues to rot.The trees were felled in 2010 when the BRTS work started in Bhopal. Some of trees that came under the saw were as old as 100 years and included huge fruit bearing trees of mango and old banyan trees. The auctioning of huge mound of wood does not seem to be on the priority list of the BMC, said a Congress corporator, adding, the BMC also did not consider the proposal of donating the wood to crematoriums of Bhopal, said Congress corporator Rehan Ahmad.\"It has been more than two years that this wood is kept in the ground,\" he said. \"We have written so many letters to the mayor in this regard, but no action has been taken so far,\" he added.Rehan said the ground where the corporation had dumped the wood was once a beautiful park. The park is now reduced to a dumping ground for the deadwood. The BMC bid in the past to auction wood failed to elicit any response. The corporation has no time to pay attention to small issues, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12012217", "title": "CR to run 44 summer specials", "text": "CR will run 44 summer specials between LTT-Santragachi and Sainagar Shirdi-Vishakapatnam. The train from Santragachi will leave at 6.45am every Wednesday from April 4 to June 27. The return trains will leave LTT at 11.25am every Friday from April 6 to June 29. The train from Visakhapatnam will leave at 5.30 am every Thursday from April 19 to June 14 . The return trains will leave from Sainagar Shirdi at 7.10 pm every Friday from April 20 to June 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016079", "title": "Parvathy Baul to perform at Maitree Bandhan", "text": "Epar and opaar Bangla will come together for a musical cause. Bringing Lalon's songs and baul music on the same platform are Parvathy Baul and Farida Parveen on Februray 26 at Prinsep Ghat for Maitree Bandhan, the India-Bangladesh Cultural Festival.What's it like to be part of the \" Maitree Bandhan Aage Chalo!\", The Times of India Indo-Bangladesh Cultural Festival?I feel proud as it seeks to bring together Paschimbanga and Bangladesh. The fact that somebody is taking measures to get India and Bangladesh - which share similar music, language and literature - together is praiseworthy. People like me, have grown up listening to stories about opaar Bangla from our grandparents who used to live there... stories before Bengal was divided into East and West. Although we (the next generation) have grown up in different parts of India, the Bangal part of us is undeniable. It's been my dream to get the two Bengals together. Aar duto Bangla ke abaar ek korbar ichhe ta kintu Ritwik Ghatak er cinema teo dekha jaye. The culture of art, music and literature in both countries can grow when these two nations come together. Every time countries are divided, be it in the name of power, politics or any other reason, music and literature suffer the most. Be it baul music in the East or Sufi music in the West, the growth of both these genres met roadblocks because of the dissection of geographical boundaries. There needs to be a revival of precious art forms. For that we need different cultures to come together. We need to prevent hatred, the enemy of growth, from governing our lives and our world to make way for cultural growth. This is the message of hope we want to communicate through our music.Ever been to Bangladesh?No. (Laughs) Whenever I tell this to anyone, they are like, \"Tomar toh sobar agey jawar kotha Bangladesh e\". I've interacted with fakirs when they come to India. I've friends there but I'm yet to set foot there. My dream is to visit Bangladesh, to stay there for at least two-three months and explore it to the fullest.Farida Parveen, also hailed as the Queen of Lalon songs, will be performing on the same day as you...I have been her fan since forever and it's a huge honour for me to be performing on the same platform with her. Unfortunately, I've never had the chance to listen to her live, so this will be my golden opportunity. Her depth and understanding of baul music is exemplary - she's truly a master of Lalon songs. I'm really looking forward to meeting her in person.Although Bengal is home to Rabindrasangeet as well as baul music, children here are usually less exposed to the latter. Why do you think it is so?I would say it has got to do with which part of the country you grow up in. Like, I grew up in the fringes of Bangladesh, between Dinajpur and Cooch Behar, so I was exposed to folk music. True, not many people in metro cities take their children to learn baul sangeet even now, but in rural belts, the common man is still closer to folk traditions. In villages of Bengal people live on baul or Shyamasangeet.Have you noticed an increase in awareness in people when it comes to baul music?When I started singing and performing way back in 2000, I was in my mid 20s. I remember going to places like Mumbai where I used to get an audience of maximum 20 people. Most people used to ask, \"What is baul music?\" Over the past 12 years, things have changed for the better. Baul music has seeped into the league of popular musical genres and the youth now relate to baul sangeet to a great extent. People living abroad are also interested to know about baul music. But yes, revival has to be practice-oriented to facilitate growth of this genre. As a baul, I'm only spreading the message of my gurus, Sanatan Das Baul and Shashanko Goshai Baul and do so as long as I shall live. Initially, Shashanko baba was like \"Tui meyechele, toke sekhabo na - tor bachha-kachha hobe, tui gaan-bajna chere dibi...\". On his deathbed, Shashanko baba said, \"Tui amar chele\", the one who carries my knowledge forward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12014146", "title": "Cable operators asked to renew licence", "text": "ALLAHABAD: All cable operators of the city have been instructed to renew their permission for operation in the city. According to the provisions of the Cable TV Network (Rules and regulations of 1997 prior permission of the district magistrate is needed for operation of the cable TV. All the cable operators should strictly adhere to the rules and regulations. Further, they should not telecast illegal or obscene films through cable network.The cable operators have been instructed to fulfil all the criteria and get their licence renewed in the prescribed application form before March 15. They should submit all details in the office of assistant entertainment tax commissioner in room number 44 of Collectorate office. However, if the cable operators fail to get permission, then action would be taken against the erring cable operators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12013548", "title": "Private schools in Haryana to strike today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Private schools association of Haryana, which has opposed the implementing of Right to Education Act, has decided to observe a strike on Friday on the ground that it was not feasible for them to accommodate 25% students from weaker sections. The private schools are demanding that the state government bear the expenses of poor students and not burden them with it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011397", "title": "Woman in Breach Candy flat killed, maids suspect", "text": "MUMBAI: A 68-year-old woman was found murdered in her flat in Sarnath building near Sophia College in Breach Candy on Thursday. Police said the victim, Punita Sukhwani, was allegedly murdered by one or both of her maids, who have been detained. Police said Sukhwani was hit on the head with a flower pot after which she staggered to the bedroom and collapsed.The affluent Sukhwani family owns the entire seventh floor of the 13-storey building. They also own flats on the third and sixth floors. The victim lived with her husband, their two sons live next door.Last week, a 90-year-old woman was murdered in her Masjid Bunder home. Her 67-year-old son has been arrested.Sukhwani's body was discovered by her husband Asan Sukhwani, an educational consultant, when he returned home from work around 6pm. He found her lying in a pool of blood in her bedroom. Preliminary investigations so far have indicated the role of her domestic help in the incident.Police said both the maids were present in the house at the time of the incident and were picked up from the flat after Asan contacted the Gamdevi police at 6.20pm. Police also said that both the suspects are pointing fingers at each other, but it is still unclear if both conspired to kill her. Although the motive is yet to be ascertained, unconfirmed reports suggested that a scuffle broke out after one maid accused Punita of favouritism towards the other.\"Prima facie it does not seem like a case of robbery because the women did not flee from the scene and no recovery has been made from the duo. We have been questioning them but they are too dazed and are not giving any comprehensible statements. We are confident that an arrest will be made soon,\" said an officer from the Gamdevi police station who was present at the site. The body was taken to JJ Hospital for post mortem.The victim's eldest son, Sushil Sukhwani, runs Edwise International, a consultancy which specializes in sending students to foreign universities. He also manages a travel agency along with younger brother Ajay.Sushil's wife Dr Anita Sukhwani is a physician who practises at Mahalaxmi Chambers at Bhulabhai Desai Road. When TOI contacted her, she said, \"I do not wish to talk about the incident at length right now. The police are conducting their investigation and it would not be fair to say anything.\"The brothers, both in their early 40s, studied at St Mary's ICSE Mazgaon with Sushil graduating in 1985. He is, in fact, president of the school's alumni association. A former classmate said, \"This comes as a shock. I know Sushil to be a wonderful person and do meet with his brother and wife socially. This is a close-knit family that gets along very well. They live and work in close proximity and there is no reason to doubt that there were any misgivings or internal issues.\"(With inputs from Bella Jaisinghani)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12013164", "title": "Secretariat had information on Ta hearse: Mishra", "text": "KOLKATA: Speaker Biman Banerjee said he wasn't present at the assembly when former MLA Pradipa Ta's hearse was brought there because he was not aware of it.\"The assembly is not in session. It is not possible for me to keep tabs on which MLA attends and who doesn't. I am there at the assembly every week day. Today I was unaware of this, so I attended a meeting in my constituency and reached late,\" he saidOpposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra, however, said the secretariat was intimated on Wednesday. \"Even yesterday, when I was returning to Kolkata, the district administration advised me against it. It had never happened during the Left tenure. Today we saw not a single MLA from the ruling party was present, not even the deputy speaker. Only the Assembly staff were present. Even television cameras were barred. Anisur Rehman (the deputy opposition leader) spoke to the Speaker about this, but he expressed his helplessness,\" he said. \"This is politics. This is dalatantra. even in the Assembly,\" he added. Former Assembly speaker Hasim Abdul Halim termed the incident as \"unprecedented\" and said it \"lowered the dignity of the Assembly.\"Mishra also criticized Mamata Banerjee for her comment on Ta's murder. \"It appears the CM is yet to learn from her mistakes. I will not comment on what the ministers said. They speak in many voices and often contradict each other,\" he said. \"Yesterday, it took me two-hours to bring the body out of Burdwan, so huge was the crowd. Does it speak of infighting or mob violence? Ta's wife was threatened at home. It was a pre-planned murder. And seven police officers stood there allowing the attack. They will get their reply on February 28 (when Left unions have called a strike).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12012218", "title": "Bodies of two kids found in well", "text": "PATNA: The Daniyawan police of Patna district recovered the bodies of two toddlers, Gaurav (4) and Shaurav (3), cousin brothers, from a well at Alawalpur village on Thursday.Police station SHO Lal Mohan Singh said that both the cousins were playing near their houses on February 19, but after an hour when their family members did not find them they started searching. The family members then informed the local police and lodged a missing complaint in this connection, Singh said and added that a police team started a search for the toddlers, but failed to locate them. Gaurav's father Rajesh Choudhary is a driver while Shaurav's father Sudhir is a labourer.The SHO said that the missing case was converted into a kidnapping case on Wednesday. But no ransom call was made to the kids' families and the entire village was in search for them.He said that on Thursday some of the villagers who were searching the kids, found their bodies floating in a well and they informed the local police about it. Both the bodies have been sent to NMCH for autopsy. The reason behind their death would be clear only after the police get the autopsy report, Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "falta", "code": "12012881", "title": "Falta police refuse rape complaint", "text": "FALTA: The father of a gang-rape victim has accused Falta police of refusing to register his complaint. In fact, police were so adamant about not taking an FIR that he had to move Calcutta high court, seeking an order for the investigation.The victim is a schoolgirl who was kidnapped and held hostage by five youths who raped her for 10 days. She is now pregnant.This comes at a time when Park Street police are facing the flak for delaying investigation in the car-rape case and two officers have been shut out of active duty for allegedly misbehaving with the victim. However, South 24-Parganas SP L N Meena defended the Falta officers. \"I must appreciate the Falta OC. It is not a gang-rape case. The accused had an affair with the victim. The OC initiated a rape case, suo-motu, although the complaint was lodged much later,\" Meena said.The inaction by Falta police emboldened the accused, who started threatening the victim's father. He was forced to flee his home. Police claim the accused are absconding whereas local sources say they are roaming about freely in Falta. The SP said he did not know if Falta police had initially refused to register the case or that the victim's father had to flee home because of threats.The girl's father spoke to TOI from his refuge: \"I was forced to move court only after police refused to take my complaint. It was not easy for me. I had to borrow money to file the case. But I did it because I could not tolerate the injustice done to my daughter.\"She was abducted from the Sao-Palta bus stand by five locals on the evening of January 12. The teenager was locked up in a dark room and raped repeatedly over the next 10 days until she managed to escape. She staggered about in a daze and was luckily spotted by a police patrol.Her injuries were so severe that she is still in hospital. Because of the mental and physical trauma, it took her over a month to even talk about it with her family. Her father filed a complaint on February 17. \"Police tried to wrap it up by lodging a missing diary. They refused to accept the gang-rape complaint even after my daughter narrated her ordeal. . I faced the anger of the accused because I had dared to go to the police. I had complained about them earlier also because they were harassing my daughter but police did nothing,\" he said.\"My daughter has got pregnant. The accused are roaming free in the neighbourhood. They are making life miserable for other girls, but police are doing nothing. I cannot see my daughter suffer. She screams in her sleep.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12013741", "title": "Cantonment railway station\u2019s platform I all set to get extended", "text": "VARANASI: The platform number one of the Cantonment railway station is all set to get extended in the next 15 days. The extended platform will facilitate easy movement of passengers at one of the busiest railway stations in east UP region. The platform will also have space for loading and unloading of parcels.The work of demolition of the boundary wall of RMS Colony touching the platform was in full swing on Thursday. The platform will get widened by at least 12 feet. A K Pandey, station manager, Cantonment, said that the area of the platform touching the boundary of RMS Colony was proposed to be extended and widened long time back. The work got started in this week after divisional railway manager (DRM), Northern Railway (Lucknow), gave green signal to start the extension work during his recent visit to the station. The work is likely to be completed in a fortnight and the platform would get an extended look in the next month, he added.It may be mentioned here that DRM, NR (Lucknow), Jagdeep Rai had stressed the necessity of extending the platform one (main platform of the station) during his recent visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12013867", "title": "It\u2019s sizzling summer ahead in N Karnataka", "text": "HUBLI: People of north Karnataka are likely to face severe hot weather conditions as summer unfolds this year.Most districts of north Karnataka region, including Bijapur, Bellary, Dharwad, Gadag, Koppal, and Raichur, Bidar and Gulbarga in Hyderabad-Karnatak region, are likely to record highest-ever temperature in this summer in days to come. Sources from meteorological department said that the summer has arrived early this year. It was supposed to start from March 1 but is already in. While March 1 to May 31 is considered summer season, February is considered a winter month. But, the early arrival of summer hints that temperature may peak in March and April, according to the meteorological department.Temperature is already rising in many districts of north Karnataka. It has already crossed the normal level in the last 2-3 days. The rise in mercury even before March has raise the spectre of one of the hottest summers ever. According to meteorological department, if the temperature is between 34 to 35 degrees Celsius, then it is considered a normal temperature. If the temperature is above 35 degrees Celsius, it will be considered as above normal and increasing trend. According to sources, on Wednesday, Gadag recorded 35 degrees Celsius, Koppal 35, Belgaum 34, Bijapur, 35, Gulbarga 38, Haveri, 34, Dharwad 34, Raichur 38, Bellary 37 and Bidar recorded 35. On Thursday, Gadag recorded 34.5 degree Celsius, Bagalkot 35.8, Belgaum 34.8, Bijapur, 35.8, Gulbarga 37, Raichur 36.8, Haveri 34, Dharwad 34.6 and Bidar 35.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12013377", "title": "53.77% polling for five urban assembly seats in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: A handsome turnout of voters in the five urban assembly seats in Kanpur on Thursday made the city proud as it recorded a high of 53.77% voting.The turnout this time exceeded drastically as polling percentage was 43 in the 2007 assembly elections. This time the voters came out in large numbers to participate in the carnival of democracy and the urban voters, particularly youngsters, enthusiastically exercised their franchise.In the urban assembly constituencies of Govind Nagar, Seesamau, Arya Nagar, Kidwai Nagar and Cantt, people came out in large numbers and were seen making a beeline to the booths. Some polling officials said they were optimistic about a handsome turnout from the very beginning.District Magistrate/District Election Officer Hari Om said: \"Out of 10 assembly segments in the district, the response from the urban people was extremely excellent. At the Cantt Board School in Rail Bazar area, the voters had queued up since early morning,\" he said.Union Coal Minister Shri Prakash Jaiswal also cast his vote in Jaghaipurwa under Cantt assembly segment, which witnessed nearly 59.73% voting. Congress had fielded senior PCC member Abdul Mannan Ansari from Cantt while the Bharatiya Janata Party had pitted Raghunandan Bhadauria. A Trinamool Congress candidate Junaid Ansari had made the going tough for both.At a polling booth in Halim Muslim Degree College in Chamanganj area under Sisamau Assembly constituency, the enthusiasm among men, women and young voters was not to be missed.At Sisamau, 54.19% polling was recorded. Aryanagar constituency also presented a positive picture as far as voter turnout is concerned and witnessed 59.92% voting.Likewise, 54.79 voting percentage was recorded in Kidwainagar. Govindnagar, however, trailed behind all the four with 50.23 per cent voting.A polling official in Aryanagar Assembly constituency, taking note of the huge turnout, remarked that the steps taken by the EC has helped in increasing the voting percentage.Segment-wise voting percent: Bilhaur-60.92%, Bithoor-63.68%, Kalyanpur-50.62%, Govind Nagar-50.23%, Seesamau-54.19%, Arya Nagar-59.92%, Kidwai Nagar-54.79%, Cantt-49.73%, Mahrajpur-57.9%, Ghatampur-57.5%: Total average: 55.94% (Urban: 53.77 &amp; Rural: 58.12).However, despite getting a conducive and peaceful atmosphere and liberty to avail public and private transport, voters in the industrial city did not evince great interest in voting this time. This has disappointed the poll pundits who had claimed that polling would reach the 75% mark in this time.Ironically, the city people used these 'liberties' as complementary to their holiday plans. The most disappointing factor remained the city youth, who had ample time to zoom around on mobikes on traffic-free roads.\"The main factor behind the reluctance of people residing in posh localities to come out to vote to the nearest polling booths could be that they consider it below their dignity to 'rub' shoulders with their domestic helps, chauffeurs and maid servants who also come to same booths to cast their vote,\" said an elderly. He added that the problem lies in the mindset of the people as posh areas recorded a low turnout.Free movement of traffic in the city was a welcome relief for the elderly who came out to the polling booths availing the transport facility.\"It's good that I could drive to the booth. Otherwise it would have been difficult for me to cast my vote,\" said Shivakant Bajpai, a resident of Kidwai Nagar. Similar were the views of Shanti Devi, who is over 100 years old.Meanwhile, the OPDs of the district hospitals functioned normally. Authorities of the Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital and Ursala Horseman Hospital said an average number of patients visited the OPDs on Thursday.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12011300", "title": "Ray of hope for 5,000 members of 11 housing societies", "text": "INDORE: After years of wait, there is a ray of hope for over 5,000 members of 11 housing societies in the city who have been waiting to get a plot of land. The Indore Development Authority (IDA) has decided to allot land to members of the housing societies at scheme no. 171.However, many believe that distribution of the plots will not be an easy task for the IDA.Chief executive officer of IDA Chadramouli Shukla told TOI that IDA has decided that instead of selling the land in the open market, plots would be allotted to members of housing societies. IDA will charge development fee from these members for allotment of plots and priority will be given to those who have registries and the oldest members of the societies.\"Hundreds of objections had come up over the proposed scheme, which were looked into by a committee. Now the committee is preparing a report on the way to resolved the vexed issue,\" said Shukla adding that process would be completed in the next few weeks.The particular scheme kept on bothering the IDA for some time. A few years back, IDA had announced scheme no. 132 in Khajaran area. Land of around 11 housing societies came under the scheme and its members objected the move, some of whom even moved court challenging IDA move. The scheme failed to take off on time and it lapsed a few months back.After the IDA announced the scheme again under scheme no. 171, this time too it met with strong opposition and nearly 1,000 objections came up on the scheme at the hearing session. Some of the objectors at hearing noted that the IDA should not have announced the scheme on the land of societies. IDA was of the view that it was their job to ensure the planned development of the city and the scheme was announced for that purpose only. An IDA official had then said that it could not let the city grow like a slum.It seems that things are moving in right direction and issue will be sorted out. The officials fear that there may arise some tricky questions before the IDA like a few cases are still pending in court filed by various societies. In some cases, the land has been sold to more than one person by the society and there are more members of societies than the land available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12013733", "title": "Teachers call off strike", "text": "DHARWAD: Teachers of unaided Kannada medium schools and pre-university colleges who were agitating for the past 71 days demanding grant-in-aid in Dharwad called off the strike on Thursday following the state government's decision to release salary grants.Announcing this on Thursday, member of legislative council and former education minister Basavaraj Horatti, who was leading a padayatra of agitating teachers to Bangalore from Dharwad, said that the yatra and agitation were called off after chief minister D V Sadanand Gowda issued an instruction to finance secretary Anilkumar Jha on Wednesday night to lift the ban on release of funds under grant-in-aid to the schools started between 1987 and 1994-95.As per the order Rs 111 crore will be released for the payment of salary grant.Following this, minister for primary and secondary education Vishweshwar Hegde Kageri on Thursday announced that the department would commence clearing of proposals sent by schools immediately. Principle secretary of the department of primary and secondary education G Kumar Nayak had also issued a statement in this regard.Horatti, returned to the tent in which teachers are staging hunger strike where he made the announcement Horatti on behalf of the coordination committee of teachers of unaided private schools seeking grants also thanked chief minister D V Sadanand Gowda, primary and secondary education minister Kageri, chairman of Karnataka legislative council D H Shankar Murthy, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa for responding to the pleas of the teachers and taking steps to release of grants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12013844", "title": "He paints the town red with a pen", "text": "MYSORE: The city will play host to a unique four-day painting exhibition - Colours and Beyond. Usually water colours, oil paints and brushes are used for painting, but 33-year-old artiste Badal N Nanjundaswamy has used 20 different color pens (gel pens) to paint. In this innovative art exhibition, at least 34 paintings will be displayed.Some of these 'pen paintings' reflect the mood of people travelling in trains, their facial expressions as they rush into a train, their relaxed look when they get a seat, and many more.Badal's painting also showcases different civic projects in the heritage city. The efforts of a labourer applying tar, repair work of Kukkarahalli Lake Road signifies their hard work that's needed for every development in the city.Artistes have the luxury of mixing many watercolours and make beautiful paintings but Badal managed with 20 pens to create eye-catching paintings. Artistic works in this exhibition covers various roles of a woman at home. One painting showcases how women balance work and home smoothly.This is Badal's first solo exhibition. Badal says he got the idea of using pens while he was travelling to Bangalore from Mysore.\"Artistes get ideas in every place they visit. If an idea hits, they will suddenly start painting right there. Since I can't carry a painting kit everywhere, I started using pens to paint while travelling in buses and trains.\"\"The money earned from this exhibition will be used to help amateur painters organize their own exhibitions,\" he revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011884", "title": "Garbage collection to normalize today", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic administration said on Thursday that garbage collection will normalize by Friday evening.A major fire had broken out at the city's largest dumping ground, Deonar, on Wednesday and a strike was called by sub-contractors who refused to offload garbage due to non-payment of dues. Trucks queued up outside the dumping ground since Wednesday evening, prompting the civic administration to divert some to the Mul-und ground.Additional municipal commissioner Mohan Adtani, in-charge of solid waste management, said, \"We have looked into both issues and our team is working on them. The fire caused a problem but it is now under control. The payment issue has been resolved. We have spoken to the main contractor, United Phosphorous Limited, who has been told to look into the matter.\"Deonar dumping ground sources said it was not a natural fire. \"Contractors who have not received payments are responsible for the huge fire. Now, they have refused to offload garbage,\" said a Deonar civic worker.Residents of Chembur and nearby areas said fires at the dumping ground were common. In 2008, around 40 Chembur residents had resorted to a hunger strike to protest against frequent fires and smoke at the Deonar ground. Former mayor and Sena corporator Shubha Raul said, \"We spend lakhs in dousing frequent fires at the dumping ground. The administration must look into the shoddy job by contractors. They must mix the garbage well. Methane and carbon dio-xide come in contact with oxygen, leading to fires. The path to the ground gets slippery due to water used to douse the fires.\"A point of order was raised in the civic house on Thursday by the leader of the house, Sunil Prabhu, who said the administration must take steps to resolve the issue.Prakash Tawase, chief engineer (solid waste management), said, \"My team has been working since morning. The issue has been resolved and services will res-ume soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12014108", "title": "Cops to organise sessions to curb road accidents", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The recent Soraon road accident case where seven persons were killed in a collision involving tempo and a roadways bus, has proved to be an eye opener for traffic police department who have cracked a whip against commuters violating speed limit norms.Claiming that rash driving and violation of speed limit were two prime causes behind increasing cases of accidents in the region, traffic police officials on Thursday maintained that special training sessions would be organised for drivers of heavy vehicles and tempos shortly. The officials have also been advising commuters to have patience while driving and take care of their own as well as others.The officials after chalking out plans have decided to act tough with the speed limit violators. The cops claimed that rash driving by drivers was a major cause behind increasing cases of accidents. Traffic inspector, Indrapal Singh told TOI that traffic police have been strictly implementing traffic norms and violators would be punished on spot. In the past three days, over 46 drivers especially youths were fined for over speeding on streets. Traffic police claim that drivers have also been apprised about the speed limit norms as traffic department has set up speed limit board directions at many places of the city.\"It is generally witnessed that commuters make haste to reach their destinations. Once they involve them in similar activities, they break the traffic norms, which mostly cause fatal and non-fatal category mishaps on roads,\" said Singh adding that people have been advised to drive carefully on streets as condition of most of the roads are not favourable due to construction and repair works.\"Obeying the traffic norms is the only solution to check the cases of mishaps,\" said a senior cop. In the past fortnight, at least 16 persons were killed and over 23 suffered serious injuries in separate cases of road mishaps in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12012357", "title": "Export rates drop, onion prices go up in city", "text": "NASHIK: The wholesale price of onions in various APMCs (Agriculture Produce Market Committee) in Nashik district has increased by 8-18.38% within ten days of the central government reducing the minimum export price (MEP) from USD 150 to USD 125 per tonne.With an aim to control crashing onion prices and to boost export, the Centre on February 13 had reduced the MEP. As a result, the wholesale onion prices in various APMCs, which were in the range of Rs 295 to Rs 400 per quintal have increased and stabilized in the range of Rs 340 to Rs 400 per quintal.\"The late kharif crop is arriving at the district APMCs in large quantities. At this juncture, the reduction of the MEP for onions will help stabilize the onion prices and boost export,\" said Dr Satish Bhonde, additional director, National Horticulture &amp; Research Development (NHRDF).\"The arrival of the summer crop, which is harvested in April and May, has begun earlier this time. Around 80 quintals of onions (summer) were auctioned on Thursday at Lasalgaon APMC and regular supplies are expected to begin by end of March. At this juncture, the reduction of MEP should help stabilize prices. The average wholesale price of onions in the district APMCs are expected to settle in the range of Rs 350-Rs400 per quintal,\" a senior official from Lasalgaon APMC told TOI.The average wholesale price of onions in Lasalgaon APMC increased by 18.38% to Rs 380 per quintal on Thursday, up from Rs 321 a quintal on February 13. Around 20,000 quintals of onions were auctioned on Thursday in Lasalgaon. The average wholesale prices of onion in Pimpalgaon APMC, another major market, increased by 8% to touch Rs 351 per quintal on Thursday, as against Rs 325 a quintal ten days back.In Yeola, the average price increased by 15.25% to Rs 340 a quintal on Thursday, as against Rs 295 a quintal on February 13. The average price of onions in Nashik APMC on Thursday was constant at Rs 400 a quintal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mandrem", "code": "12012544", "title": "Rebels find a cause in Mandrem", "text": "MANDREM: For the first time in the constituency's history, Mandrem's voters will not have the roaring lion symbol of the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) on their ballot list.The regional outfit that represented the constituency for 35 years and was even represented by Goa's first chief minister Dayanand Bandodkar is in an alliance with the BJP for this time's poll. And while the saffron party's chief in Goa Laxmikant Parsekar is attempting a hat trick from the constituency, he's being openly supported by the MGP's 2007 poll candidate Shridhar Manjrekar who had then bagged 2,542 votes.Also openly supporting Parsekar is the 2007 Congress-rebel-turned independent candidate Sangeet Parab who had polled 1,949 votes five years ago. The NCP member's hopes of a ticket for this poll were dashed when the party's alliance partner Congress announced it was going to contest in the constituency. Her support to Parsekar is expected to affect Congress' chances, analysts say.Then again Congress' chances are also likely to be affected by another Congressman-turned-All India Trinamool Congressman, Sameer Salgaocar. Denied the 2012 party ticket, the son of independent MLA Anil Salgaocar has been visible in the constituency for several years now.Running the Mata Mamata Sukhadata Trust, earlier managed in Mandrem by Parab, the trust has been operating in the constituency for eight years and has been very active for the past three years.Marriage schemes, house repair/building schemes, scholarships to students, ration cards, sports equipment, musical equipment, pension are some of its activities. Sources say the trust has registered nearly 4,500 ration cards providing the beneficiaries with a monthly food quota. If on an average two votes per ration card come Salgaocar's way he could just win, say analysts.But eyes are also on the cause of the discord in the Congress camp-Dayanand Sopte. The former BJP Pernem MLA switched to the Congress last year and was awarded the party's Mandrem ticket.While disgruntled Congress-ticket aspirants in the form of Parab contesting as an independent had ensured the seat for the BJP in 2007, a repeat of history looms large this time around too. And while Mandrem's 29,941 electorate will decide the fate of the six candidates in the fray, the fight, say analysts, is between Sopte, Parsekar and Salgaocar. Parsekar is contesting for the fourth time while the other two first-timers in the constituency.Said Parsekar, \"People of Mandrem are against corruption which has flourished under the Congress regime. People this time too are supporting me. My priorities are development with employment opportunities, no mining, and one-time solutions for the various problems of shack owners.\"Sopte is banking on the votes that have moved into Mandrem from Pernem constituency after the delimitation exercise. Analysts however say that many of the 9,000 voters from Agarwada, Chopdem, Parsem, Tuvem and a part of Virnoda who have joined the constituency are more BJP supporters than his.Sopte is also relying on the support of his mentor Valpoi MLA and health minister Vishwajit Rane. \"Employment opportunities for the youth, schemes for women and no mining at the cost of ecological damage are my priorities in the constituency,\" said Sopte.Salgaocar said, \"There is an anti-Congress wave because of corruption. People's sympathies are also with me as I was a loyal Congressman for seven years who was denied the ticket. My priority is employment for the youth.\" Who will be the Mandrem MLA in 2012 will depend on how badly the disgruntled in the Congress and NCP hurt the party. Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011557", "title": "Take home stray pups, kittens from pet carnival", "text": "MUMBAI: Various animal rights groups will host a 'pet adoption drive and carnival' in Govandi (E) on February 26.\"Indian puppies and kittens have better immunity and resistance to weather conditions and can bear the heat, cold and rain. They rarely fall ill and require minimal veterinary care unlike pedigree pets,\" Dr Deepa Katyal, who is a veterinarian.\"Also, by adopting an Indian dog, you will be giving shelter and affection to a homeless animal and contributing to end unethical, cruel breeding practices,\" said one of the organizers. There will be more than 50 Indian puppies and kittens to choose from at Amarnath Patil Udyan.To adopt a pet, animal lovers need to furnish identity and address proofs. There will be various activities for animals and pet owners, including awareness events and a fashion show for dogs. Those wanting to adopt can call on 9987085350 / 9821327618.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011429", "title": "Now, a college degree in vocational education", "text": "MUMBAI: For years, India's basic collegiate education had been segregated into three distinct academic islands: the masses pursued humanities, the ones with shining score cards took to the sciences and the rest who wanted to pick up the tools of trade, opted for commerce. Now students can venture into a fourth dimension: a bachelor's in vocation education.From the upcoming academic season, colleges across the country will offer a bachelor's degree in vocation education, thus underpinning a stream that has always languished for the want of a formal degree. Sensing the gap in the system, the move to offer the BVoc is largely in response to the hungry local manufacturing industry's requirement for top-grade workforce, and partly because several graduates from the existing traditional streams were jobless and deemed unemployable.\"Our standing committee has cleared the proposal to offer the bachelor's in vocational education and once the commission clears it, any college in India which is affiliated to a university, can offer this programme,\" said in-charge chairman of the University Grants Commission Ved Prakash. \"We need to prepare a large workforce and it is time we build capacity at the graduate level.\"Vocational education, or life skills, as it was sometimes derided as, mostly attracted the lower rungs of the society, the ones ready to dirty their hands. They eventually went on to earn a diploma and then work on factory floors.While ripping that perception and lending this course the much-needed academic might and respect, the UGC's decision's biggest apostle is industry. The move was initiated by the All India Council for Technical Education which has identified 10 sectors like entertainment, telecom, construction, printing and publishing and suchlike that need specialized graduates. \"These courses will provide vocational skills and general education, thus providing vocational graduates with multiple pathways,\" said AICTE chairman S S Mantha. \"The USP (unique selling point) of the course is that students can leave the course any time and come back to it to pursue further studies,\" he added.While the UGC is yet to drawn up a detailed regulation for the new programme, there are plans to allow students to shift from BVoc to arts, science or commerce, thus not punishing students for signing up for the new course.For middle-class Indian parents, vocational education was never even an option for it didn't inspire much academic thinking; worse, it didn't even lead to a degree. To date, vocational education was offered in India's it is (Industrial Training Institutes) and the three other conventional streams-the humanities, science and commerce-were its prestigious rivals. Now opting for a vocational education won't be equivalent to taking a road less travelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12012149", "title": "Sting operation busts sex racket in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: A young girl, Soumya Pratheek, did a brave job when she along with two other social activists, Rachel Morgan and Manish Swarnkar, did a sting operation on some of the girls forced into prostitution at Forbesganj in Araria district last fortnight.Pratheek, associated with an organization, Apne Aap Women Worldwide (A2W2), working for the rescue and rehabilitation of the teenaged girls forced into prostitution by the parents or brought from outside the state by the contractors, showed her sting operation to the Araria police and the police under SP Shivdeep Lande acted quickly, raided some brothels in north Rampur and arrested over two dozen girls, mostly in their early teens, and also 44 people, including pimps.But Pratheek said that after the police action no follow-up action was taken by other agencies. The girls are now in the custody of the Child Welfare Committee (CWC). \"At least six girls who were found to be above 18 were sent back to their parents and one girl to the Kasturba shelter home at Forbesganj run by A2W2 and the remaining underage girls were sent to a shelter home in Purnia,\" she said.Opposing the restoration of six girls to their parents, she said, \"It is a known fact that the girls had been forced into sex business by their parents. Now the rescued girls will again be sent back to the brothels.\"Araria SP Lande said that the police did its job and it was the biggest raid which yielded good results. \"As per the provision all the rescued girls were sent to the CWC,\" he said. Araria CWC chairperson Rita Ghosh said that as many as 18 girls were sent to the shelter home in Purnia for counseling where six girls were released on the basis of police bond.Ruchira Gupta, who heads A2W2, said that the cattle fairs at villages across Araria and other districts have been reduced to 'girls fair' where the girls are asked to perform in vulgar manner at the mela theatres. \"The government should take a serious view of this development and take action against the fair contractors as well as the owners of the theatres everywhere, including Sonepur fair,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12012629", "title": "33 years on, Ramakrishna Mission yearns for a temple in Jaipur branch", "text": "JAIPUR: The Ramakrishna Mission here started as a congregation with just a few disciples under the aegis of the Swami Vivekananda Society in 1979. But on Thursday, hundreds thronged the mission premises to celebrate the birth anniversary of Ramakrishna Paramahamsa.The celebrations started right from the morning as various religious programme unfolded. At noon, the celebrations reached its crescendo as the mission premises in C Scheme is filled in with people queuing up for the 'bhog'.\"It is our dream to have a temple on the premises for Ramakrishna. Work has already started and we hope to finish it in time,\" Swami Hridayanandaji Maharaj said.The mission has adopted a slum area near the Mohana Mandi in the city where about 100 children and pregnant women are provided with free medicine and nutritional food. A subsidised computer training facility, one more adopted village in the city, a mobile clinic for the underprivileged are some of the other activities of the mission.The mission also has a branch in Bikaner which is also involved in similar activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016235", "title": "Our way of learning Lalon was different: Farida Parveen", "text": "Farida Parveen, Bangladeshi singer known as the Queen of Lalon songs, will perform on Februray 26 at Prinsep Ghat for Maitree Bandhan, the India-Bangladesh Cultural Festival.As a child, you were never fond of singing Lalon's songs. Looking back, what do you think of times?When I was young, I didn't like Lalon's songs. Back then, my interest was in Nazrulgeeti. I used to think that I'd pursue classical music. Music, for me, was a lot about sargaams and thants. I was greatly inspired by Firoza Begum and Ferdausi Rahman. After the Liberation, there was a change. Guru Moksed Ali Shah, who was a family friend, told my father that he should consider having me sing Lalon's songs. Initially, I didn't want to sing the songs rendered by fakirs and I was vocal in expressing my views to my family. It took a bit of convincing to make me understand that there was no harm in learning one Lalon song. I learnt the song, \"Satya bol shupathe chol\". At one mahasamabesh, where a huge number of Lalon's followers came together, I sang it. People loved by rendition and there were requests for me to sing more. But I had only learnt one song and didn't know any further. I stood up on stage and admitted that I didn't know any other Lalon's songs. I promised that once I learnt more, I would return to sing them for the audience.Your participation in a folk festival on radio in Dhaka was also very instrumental in getting in you interested in taking this stream of music...Yes. There was a transcription service that was started in the radio station in Dhaka. That ran a seven-day long folk festival in 1973. For this festival, I learnt close to 200 to 250 songs of Lalon, including \"Khanchar bhitor achin pakhi\" among others. That experience changed my life and the way I approached music thereafter.The French government had supported your work on Lalon as part of its Sufism research project...In 2006, the French government had supported a concert of mine at France's prestigious La Ville Theatre. It was an one-and-a-half hour long concert on my life and Lalon Fakir. The only other singer who had got such a support was Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan .Even the Japanese government has honoured your contribution to music...In 2008, I had been given the Fukuoka Asian Culture Prize for Best Music in Japan. Conferring such a prestigious award to me is not just a recognition of my effort but a respect to Bangladesh as a nation.What in your view is the true way of preserving and propagating Lalon's songs?Lalon Saiji was a true Sufi. Some call Lalon a baul but that's not correct. He was a true fakir. One needs to imbibe. Just having a theoretical knowledge is not enough. The melody has to be in sync with the singer's voice and the style of rendition. I fail to understand this trend of wanting to wear saffron to sing Lalon. One does not have to live like fakirs at the akhras to be a Lalon follower either.Can you elaborate on this further?Through his whole life, he believed in humanism and in uniting people across religions. He spoke about reforms and cleansing oneself from within. But today, I find, a lot of so-called Lalon followers taking to addictions. That's not what it should be. Some of them are responsible for blending the doctrine of Vaishnavism in Sufism. A true Sufi does not wear saffron at all. Lalon's own attire was pure white.Lalon's songs are being remixed and some of them are also popular among youth who frequent nightclubs...The young musicians have learnt Lalon by listening to albums. Our way of learning Lalon was different. We learnt it directly from our gurus. I don't support any form of terrorism in music. Popularizing Lalon by doing whatever is possible is not the right path. My emphasis is on the classical aspect to give it a more polished form. Easy attempts at remixing Lalon by bands might be popular but they can never match something that is authentic.What do you have to say about the use of Lalon's songs in Bengali films, especially the one by Goutam Ghose titled \" Moner Manush\"?I like the fact that the songs are reaching out but one can always improve if singers imbibed Lalon Saiji's philosophy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12015521", "title": "HP to launch Windows 8 tablet in 2012", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Hewlett-Packard Co Chief Executive Officer Meg Whitman said the company will release a tablet computer based on Microsoft Corp's new version of its Windows software before the end of the year.Speaking at a Wall Street Journal conference in Menlo Park , California , Whitman said the initial tablet will be based on Intel Corp's technology. It's \"not clear\" when Windows 8 , the update to Microsoft's operating system, will be released for devices running chips based on ARM Holdings Plc technology, she said. Microsoft hasn't given an official release date for Windows 8.Whitman also said Hewlett-Packard is investing in developing talented executives, focusing on organic growth, and getting back to \"The HP Way,\" company's original principles.The next CEO is likely to come from within Hewlett-Packard, Whitman said.\"I will not feel like I've done a good job if my successor is not an internal choice,\" Whitman said.Hewlett-Packard hired from inside its walls until 1999, when it recruited Carly Fiorina from Lucent Technologies. All three succeeding CEOs, Mark Hurd , Leo Apotheker and Whitman herself, were also outside hires.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12012380", "title": "German navy chief visits Goa Shipyard", "text": "PANAJI: The German Navy chief, Vice Admiral Axel Schimpf, recently visited Goa Shipyard Ltd (GSL) on February 23. This was Schimpf's maiden visit GSL , since he took over as Chief of Naval Staff, German Navy. During the visit, a presentation was made to Schimpf highlighting the GSL's growth from a barge building yard to a sophisticated shipyard capable of designing and building ships for the Indian Navy and the Indian Coast Guard, from concept to commissioning. RAdm Vineet Bakhshi CMD, GSL, accompanied Schimpf around the shipyard.Green building meet organized: Inorder to spread the green buildings concept in Goa through the involvement of stakeholders of the construction industry, the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and the Indian Green Building Council (IGBC) held an advanced training programme. Topics such as sustainable sites, energy and atmosphere, water efficiency, materials and resources were covered. Amar Britto, chairman of CII-IGBC, Goa chapter, said, \"It is good that the industry is moving towards the concept.\" IGBC Goa chapter VC Bharat Kamat said a conference on 'green buildings for a green Goa' is scheduled on 3-4 Aug.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12012216", "title": "DHBVN likely to be merged with UHBVN", "text": "GURGAON: Considering the deteriorating financial health of the two government-owned electricity discoms in the state, Haryana is now considering merging the agencies. Sources in the state's power ministry said that the move under active consideration of the government was likely to cut down the official expenditure from public exchequer.Confirming this, power minister Ajay Singh Yadav said unification of Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) and Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (UHBVN) could also help improve the functioning.\"There are examples like that of Rajasthan where one discom is doing well. There is a general feeling that establishment expenditure can be reduced,\" he said. However, he added that the issue would be discussed further.At present, DHBVN is responsible for supplying electricity to consumers in the southern part of the state which includes Gurgaon, Faridabad, Rewari and Mahendragarh. The other government-owned discom, UHBVN, is responsible for electricity supply to the districts falling under the northern part.The DHBVN and UHBVN are headed by two separate managing directors. Officials feel that once these are unified, the body can be managed by only one MD like in several other larger states. However, they clarified that all these considerations on government table should not be linked to the state's proposal to introduce franchisee system in the power distribution in any of the regions.The DHBVN and UHBVN were created as separate bodies after the state government had unbundled the state electricity board in 1999. This had led to the appointment of more officials for separate agencies. \"It's a small state and can be easily managed by a few key officials in each department than by creating a heavy head in both the agencies. That increases the financial burden on the government,\" said an official.Sources said that the discoms were incurring huge losses, which has increased to Rs 12,000 crore in the past one decade from Rs 450 crore. There are also reports that because of the poor financial conditions banks and other financial institutions have refused more loans to the two companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "srikakulam", "code": "12011953", "title": "Tribals step up agitation against mining lease", "text": "SRIKAKULAM: Tribals of the Agency area intensified their agitation against the mining lease of Kannedhara hillock in Seetampeta by launching their second phase of agitation by sitting on a relay hunger strike here on Thursday. About 60 tribals led by Pulipaka village sarpanch Savarathota Mukhalingam along with the left parties and TDP staged a dharna in front of the collectorate demanding the cancelation of the lease. The lease given for mining of white granite in the 1195 acres under 259 survey number on Kannedhara hill.In response to the strong resistance from tribals, then collector N Srikanth initiated an inquiry over the matter and the inquiry committee submitted its report two months ago. The special inquiry committee has verified that livelihood of tribals on the hill would be affected once the mining project starts, Mukhalingam said. The lease was granted to minister Dharmana Prasada Rao's son Ram Manohar Naidu one and a half years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12012857", "title": "Sibal mulls writing book on Gujarat riots", "text": "NEW DELHI: Poetry and politicians seem to make perfect bedfellows in India. Senior Congress leader Kapil Sibal , who joined this select group of poet-politicians three years ago, is back with a second collection of verse titled, My world within. A collection of 67 poems, the book was launched on Thursday. The poems were written on his mobile phone.Sibal's next project could be a book on the 2002 Gujarat riots. \"It could be an investigation on the judicial response to the riots,\" he says.His poems of love read like Valentine's Day epigrams. \"Your lips are parched /the summer dry /each moment seems /like years gone by (Parched terrain). Then again, \"The waterfall /was now close by /above my head /the azure sky /never wanted /to say goodbye (Eternal love).The union human resource development minister fares marginally better while writing on politics and education. There is humour in poems such as, The fissile left, where he writes, \"The Left has suffered /for a lifetime now /from an ailment /they can't diagnose: /the symptom, however, that troubles them most /is that they /cannot just see /beyond their nose.\"Other political leaders write verse too. The All India Trinamool Congress website says that West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee is \"an accomplished poet.\" One of her poems put out online is titled, Who says you are poor, where she says: \"Your hard toil will show the light to the nation /with the new song of your heart /light the lamp of the green revolution.\"Former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee , DMK supremo M Karunanidhi, Congress leader Girija Vyas and BJP MP Feroze Varun Gandhi have also penned verse. \"The truth is that poetry and politics don't go together,\" the BJP leader wrote in the foreword of his poetry collection, Meri Ekyavan Kavitayen (My 51 poems). However, the collection was a bestseller and ran into 12 editions within five years of its publication. Vajpayee was also nominated for the Screen-Videocon best lyricist award for a non-film album in 1999.Feroze Varun Gandhi's book, The Otherness of Self, has a Derrida-sque sounding title. Sample the poem, Death: \"Die I must/ But not alone/ For the moon will/ steal me into her marble eyes/ and through her umbilical cord/ I will learn things they made me forget.\"VP Singh's poetry is marked an economy of expression and a feel for the right phrase. Sample this from his collection, Every Time I Wake Up: \"No one really saw /She was so well covered /By her face. And again, \"This morning/ The birds were very chirpy /How did they know /What happened last night.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011297", "title": "'Law colleges should produce professional lawyers'", "text": "NAGPUR: \"The primary objective of law colleges should be to produce professional lawyers who are well trained in every aspect of the nation's laws,\" said Prasanna Varale, judge of the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Thursday, at the inauguration of the college fest at NU's Dr Ambedkar Law College auditorium.He was addressing the students on the opening day of the Tenth Justa Causa National Law Festival. Vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal and law faculty dean Anjali Hastak shared the dais with the chief guest. Unfortunately, the senior administrative judge at Nagpur Bench P B Majmudar was unable to make it to the event.The chief guest gave an informative speech mentioning many of his childhood memories. He said, \"Gone are the days when lawyers or the law faculty faced a hostile approach by the society. It is a changed scenario now as in the 21st century; the era of globalization, law is looked upon as a prime faculty.\"He also said, \"It gives me immense pleasure to be part of this event which has young budding lawyers participating from all over the country. The youth have the ability to change the world, they are young and enthusiastic in their approach. They are the power of the nation. A lawyer needs to be a compact person. A good lawyer is a package and should have a multifaceted personality.\"Justice Varale concluded his speech by informing people about the requisite of change and transformation \"The rules of law do not remain same forever. Change is the life of law. It keeps improvising with the development of society. Dynamism of law is the change of society,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12012225", "title": "1,807 kids went missing from 26 shelter homes in four years", "text": "NEW DELHI: One-fifth of the total number of children living in Delhi's shelters is either missing or untraceable. At a time when there is increased scrutiny on children in need of care and protection, the data collected through RTI has revealed that 1,807 children have gone missing from 26 shelter homes in the last four years.A report based on an RTI filed by Bachpan Bachao Andolan (BBA) - an NGO working on child rights and trafficking- says that the total number of children living in Delhi's homes between 2006 and 2010 were about 10,600. Statistics for the period show that total average children residing per year in these homes are 2, 650. About 1807 children missing from 2006-07 to 2009-10 which is nearing one-fifth of the total number of children residing in these children homes. Of these 57 children have returned but by the authorities admission 1,750 children are still at large that is 97% of the total missing children.BBA had asked for information on capacity of these homes and the average children staying, missing or dead for the period 2006-2010.BBA national secretary Rakesh Senger described the statistics as shocking adding that the maximum number of children was missing from a non-statutory institution Prayas in Jehangirpuri. About 807, or 45% of the total missing children were from Prayas while Children Homes for Boys-1 in Alipur, accounted for 169 (9.5% of the total missing) children missing, which is the highest among the statutory institution.\"There is no trace of these children and even the authorities concerned have no idea about where the children are. It raises a question regarding the efficiency and seriousness of the services being provided by these institutions,\" Senger said.According to the information provided by Delhi government, the total number of children, who died in the four years stood at 29. Of these, 28 children were from a single home - Bal Nirikshan Grih, Nirmal Chhaya complex on Jail Road.And it is not the lack of funds that is causing deaths or children to escape from what have become hell holes. By the state government's own admission the state has allocated nearly Rs 3,000 per child per month that should be sufficient for adequate care and protection.BBA had sought details of the budget of these homes but only 15 out of 26 institutions furnished the details of their total expenditure for the financial year 2007-2008. The total expenditure during the financial year 2007-08 is Rs 50881,904 for 15 children homes. The total average stay of children in these 15 children homes during 2007-08 is 1,467. This gives average expenditure per child in the financial year 2007-08 as Rs. 34,684. It means per month expenditure per child is approximately Rs 3,000, which is sufficient enough for a child to get better facilities and infrastructure in the homes. Despite this, these homes are in dilapidated condition, which makes one think that whether the children are staying there for better life or bitter life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12011326", "title": "DAVV HoDs seek to expand financial powers", "text": "INDORE: The head of departments (HoDs) of various faculties at the Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) here have demanded to increase their financial powers for more autonomy in carrying out development works in their respective departments.In this regard, a meeting was held on Thursday in which all the HoDs asked to increase their spending powers to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 25,000. They also demanded to up the spend ceiling of vice-chancellor to Rs 10 lakh from the present Rs 2 lakh.The HoDs raised the issue so that they would get more autonomy in carrying out various development works in their respective departments. The university last month had introduced centralised finance policy after which finances of the department went under the direct control of registrar.According to the sources, the varsity's move to bring in more transparency in the financial affairs has not gone down well with the heads of departments as they were allowed to spend only Rs 25,000 of their own. With the centralised policy, they have to take permission of registrar for developmental works up to Rs 1 lakh. Till now, departments had individual finance department and now onwards, only a single finance department is responsible for all the transactions.Money deposited in the accounts of various departments is transferred into the centralised account, which is making it difficult for the HoDs to utilise it for their respective department.\"Taking permission from centralised finance department for every expenditure and investment will restrict the developmental works of the department as for every transaction above Rs 25,000, permission is required,\" said one HoD.Now, the proposal of the HoDs will be reviewed in the next meeting and later will be put up before the executive council for the final decision.\"Various proposals have come up in the meeting. A discussion will be done and changes in guidelines will be taken up at the executive council for its consent on the matter,\" said Dr Rajkamal, vice-chancellor, DAVV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12012470", "title": "Cong urges EC to probe surrogate ads", "text": "PANAJI: Shantaram Naik, MP and secretary AICC, has said that the Congress party has asked the Election commission to inquire into surrogate advertisements released by some organization ostensibly for the BJP.In a statement, he said that they will demand that the crores of rupees spent on the ads should be included in the election expenditure of the BJP candidates.Naik said the contents of the advertisements, released by FOGG (Friends of Good Governance), contain slogans and caricatures of ministers, MLAs and candidates of Congress party contesting the Goa legislative assembly elections.As regards constitution of FOGG, he said it is revealed that this group is a front of Bhartiya Janata party although it claims to be non-governmental organization (NGO) and the coordinator is from the RSS which he added is part of the BJP. Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011644", "title": "Hopes revived, they keep fingers crossed", "text": "NEW DELHI: After spending nearly three years and several crores of rupees - buyers of Commonwealth Games Village had a lot at stake. However, they finally saw some light at the end of the tunnel on Thursday when Delhi high court asked DDA to issue completion certificates to 30 of the 34 towers at the Village. Calling it a moment long awaited, these buyers welcomed HC's decision but still have their fingers crossed.\"Thirty towers will now get a completion certificate and only two other towers in the rest four belong to Emaar MGF that had sold all these flats. However, we do not want the court to take off the pressure on DDA. There are still two to three months to go before we can get our flats,\" said Shalabh Tandon, who bought his flat in 2008. DDA and Emaar MGF had been at loggerheads over the issue of excess floor area ratio. The ministry of urban development was supposed to decide on the matter and convey its decision to the court on Thursday.The private developer claimed the FAR was \"well within the permissible and compoundable limits\" as per Master Plan 2021. DDA had earlier sealed two towers belonging to Emaar MGF which were equivalent to the excess FAR. \"There have been issues between DDA and Emaar MGF but then buyers cannot be held hostage because of that,\" said Ashok Jha, a buyer.Another flat owner, Amit Kapoor, who is also the secretary of the association of flats owners, asked, \"CWG Village was a project of national honour. Now how will the government reassure the tax-payers of its credibility in handling such projects? When will the entire Village get a completion certificate?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12012026", "title": "Jeweller firm employees get bail", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The Chemmanur International Jewellers has reportedly clarified to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) that they solely deal in legal gold purchase investment scheme. Marketing executives of this gold and diamond firm have strongly come out to defend their company after four employees of their Vashi branch were arrested earlier this week.The four employees were granted bail in CBD Belapur on Thursday, after Chemmanur produced documents to support their claim that they were involved in legitimate gold purchase scheme under Section 4 of Sale of Goods Act.The crime branch had earlier taken them in their custody after receiving intimation from the RBI to inquire if any of its norms were being flouted by this investment scheme.Chemmanur's marketing manager at Vashi, Murli Menon, told TOI: \"We have written to RBI that we are in no way giving out any cash returns to our investors. It is purely a gold purchase scheme by which our investors can get as much as 18.5% interest in the form of gold only after a period of one year. We also explained this to the judge, who then granted bail to our four employees.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12013611", "title": "Dhol-tasha vanishes, orchestras face stiff challenge from DJs", "text": "VARANASI: City of artistes and mystics has witnessed, moulded and generated various art forms according to its mood. Musical entertainers are one such group of people who have evolved, grown and even vanished according to the need, mood and demand of the city which danced on various notes of music on various occasion from birth to death.The crisp sound of 'dhol tasha', perhaps the oldest 'desi' (indigenous) style of drummers, has now become history. The instrument involved six to seven people who carried one 'tasha' and two 'dhols'. According to Sannaur Ali, whose ancestors used to play the instrument, the Benarasi style of playing hand made drum was over 500 years old was highly popular during 16th and 17th centuries AD.\"With the inception of Punjabi dhols, dhol-tasha did the vanishing act about 30-40 years back. In fact, the players of the instrument are not even alive to pass their tradition to newer generations,\" shared Ali. Ali and his Son Arif, the descendants of dhol-tasha artistes who have now turned to band party, feel neglected as well. \"The meaning of band party has been reduced to wedding processions only. However, there were times when people called band people to play trumpet, organ, brass, shehnai and drums at a separate stage. People now think it is noisy and not entertaining,\" shared Arif.Once considered a colourful source of entertainment, life of orchestras has turned black and blue now. Consisting of two-three vocalist, one drummer, two guitarists, many other people as pianist, organ players including people who can play bongo and congo in one orchestra team of around 17-18 people, there are over 100 orchestra teams in the city but there are no shows to perform in.\"Who prefers listening to us? This business of entertainment has suffered a lot in last 10 years. We replaced qawwali teams from the city some 50 years ago and now it seems that we are sidelined as well,\" shared Azmal Rafiq of Bhelupur.According to Amar Singh (58), the oldest orchestra man of the city, influenced from the West, the culture of orchestra grew at the temples. \"Although the tradition of orchestra is completely influenced from West and almost all instruments except for dholak and tabla were Western, but with the growing popularity of Hindi film songs in late 60s and 70s there were many occasions like Sringar, special puja, Saraswati Puja, Durga Puja when an assembled group of vocalists and instrument players of the town were called to perform. We used to begin the performance with a devotional song followed by hundreds of Hindi film numbers sung in teams,\" shared Amar Singh (Dada). He started the first orchestra team in the city but his orchestra is fast fading into oblivion in Godowlia.\"There are many reasons why we are looked upon as inferiors, and the one reason that tops the list is the introduction of DJ systems. While an orchestra team charge around Rs 20,000 from one wedding ceremony, the DJs are arranged at a manageable cost of Rs 5000-7000,\" informed Amar.\"Moreover, the time-boundation of turning off the speakers at 10 pm is also cutting the business as most of the parties and ceremonies start from 9-10 pm and we are bound to pack up by 10pm. Therefore, people these days do not prefer calling us,\" said Rafiq. \"In fact marriage lawn owners who give the place on rent basis, prefer not to deal with parties who would keep orchestras,\" shared, Amar. According to him there are hardly 24 shows of orchestras in 12 months and most of these happen in rural areas now.\"If you are hosting an elite class party, popular disco jockey from Delhi, Mumbai, and other metros are called, while a medium and low budget party can be managed with few sound man and helpers,\" shared Neeraj Srivastava, an event manager.According to N N Tiwari, a government employee who recently hosted a wedding reception, youngsters preferred DJs as they could dance and enjoy with friends and family and its affordable as well. \"You are outdated if you are not arranging DJ sound systems at a wedding,\" shared Divya Singh, a college student.Among all the sources of musical entertainment, ghazal performances top the list of priority as well as popularity. If the event managers and wedding planers of the city are to be believed, the ghazal singing is gaining wide popularity in past two-three years. \"Ghazal singing is the hallmark of elite class party,\" opined Neeraj Srivastava, an event manager in the city. \"In fact, even DJs are not preferred by many hosts who like the simple and elite arrangements. However, if the venue of the party is big, a separate arrangement for DJ and ghazal singers is made simultaneously,\" shared Ganesh, another wedding planer in the city.Even the shehnai has not lost its popularity. According to Kausar Ali, whose family has been playing Shehnai for over 400 years, the business of shehnai has not at all been affected in recent years. \"No auspicious occasion begins without shehnai in most of the Marwari and Agrawal families,\" shared Kausar Ali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12012572", "title": "City to host Ghazal guru Ghulam Ali", "text": "CHENNAI: It's been six years since he last came to Chennai, so Pakistani ghazal singer Ghulam Ali is looking forward to his concert on Saturday. His only regret is that he will be performing solo.\"I was supposed to perform with Jagjit Singh . His demise is a huge loss to the ghazal fraternity and a singer of his stature can't be replaced. We were friends for years and performed together often,\" said Ali, who belongs to the Patiala gharana. \"He created an identity for himself by singing ghazals in a distinctive style. It would have been wonderful if we could have performed here together.\"Ali, who will give a concert at Sir Mutha Venkatasubbarao Concert Hall in Chetpet, was friends with Singh for 40 years, and the concert will be a tribute to Singh, who died in October.\"Both Jagjitji and Ghulam saab gave us dates and we were really excited. Chennai had never hosted them together and we thought it would really be a momentous occasion,\" said Sam Rajkumar, MD of Purple Reign, the company organizing the event. \"Sadly, Jagjitji passed away, but we didn't want to back out. So we decided to go ahead with Ghulam saab alone,\" he said.Ali is looking forward to the concert. \"I have performed here seven times before, but this six-year gap has been a long one. Chennai has a serious musical tradition and I am sure there will be a great audience on Saturday,\" he said.Talking about how audience tastes have changed over the years, the maestro said: \"We don't have too many people who are interested in listening to classical ghazals nowadays. Most of them lack the patience and do not prefer the longer versions in live concert. Sometimes I adjust my rendition according to the mood of the audience.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12012579", "title": "Israeli couple should be deported: Pareeth", "text": "KOCHI: The Israeli couple should be deported for violation of visa norms, the district collector informed the state attorney at the Kerala high court on Thursday after completion of the hearing granted to the couple based on the court's order.Based on a petition by the couple that their version was not heard by the collector, justice S Siri Jagan had ordered the collector last week to hear their grievance and pass appropriate orders.After hearing the couple's version, the collector has reported to the state attorney that the purpose of their visit was not validated by the central government. Coupled with intelligence report citing suspicious activities, this violation of visa norms is enough to deport the couple, collector has informed the state attorney's office on Thursday.Earlier, the central government had sent a communication to the district collector in connection with his decision to deport the Israeli couple against whom the state police have given an adverse report for violating visa norms.District collector P I Sheik Pareeth told TOI that the Ministry of Home Affairs has forwarded a communication on the issue of deporting the couple. \"A report based on the communication has been forwarded before the Kerala High Court,\" he said.The Union Ministry has forwarded the communication after it conducted a detailed probe into the visa procedures which have been followed while processing the visa applications of the Israeli couple---Shneor Zalman and Yaffa Shenoi-who have been staying in a rented house at Fort Kochi for the last one year.The couple moved the Kerala High Court after the collector served 'Quit India' notices on the couple based on the advisory report filed by the state intelligence recommending deportation.The couple had come to the city on March 3, 2010, and was staying in a house taken on rent at Rose Street, Fort Kochi. They were in the country from March 3, 2010. When their visas expired on March 3 last year, they went out and returned on April 1, 2011 on a new visa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12011753", "title": "Nizam\u2019s granddaughter moves HC against education society", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fatima Fouzia, granddaughter of the last Nizam Mir Osman Ali Khan moved the high court on Thursday demanding action against Sultan ul-Uloom Education Society (SUES) for 'illegally occupying' prime land on Banjara Hills.Her plea for the same was dismissed by a single judge on January 27. Apart from SUES the other respondents in the plea are All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), Osmania University, Shahmat Ali Khan (grandson of the Nizam), Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal .The petitioner has alleged in her plea that SUES (affiliated to OU) was running the institution without the required approval of AICTE and claimed that crores of money had exchanged hands between SUES and the central body to keep the institution afloat. The petitioner even named Sibal in her appeal and alleged that the Union minister encouraged such an unlawful arrangement. She pleaded with the court to direct SUES to stop all operations and vacant its current premises on Banjara Hills. The case will come up for hearing on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12012839", "title": "Nagaland CM tours Phek district, seeks support to fulfill vision", "text": "KOHIMA: With the Nagaland elections set to be held in February next year, chief minister Neiphiu Rio undertook an extensive tour of the remote border area of Meluri sub-division in Phek district on Wednesday.On his maiden visit, Rio addressed the public gathering on the bank of Tizu river near Lururi village. He reiterated that the regional parties were working for the development of the backward areas and to uplift the living standards of the poor people. The Democratic Alliance of Nagaland (DAN) government has a long-term vision for the Naga people and to fulfill those visions, he called for the continued support of the people.During his visit, Rio inspected the ongoing bridge construction at the Lururi-Mimi point, which will be one of the longest bridges in the state once completed and the progress of the ongoing mineral road construction, which is undertaken in the rich mineral belt of the state.\"The construction of the mineral road should be completed on time as we require basic infrastructure to attract investors to explore and exploit the untapped natural resources of the state. The mineral road will help boost our economy as goods could also be exported to Myanmar and other South-east Asian countries through this road,\" he said.The western part of Nagaland, which is rich in oil and natural gas and the southern part, rich in other minerals should be used to make Nagaland a rich and developed state. The CM said, \"Instead of depending on the Centre for financial assistance, we must exploit our own resources and utilize them to earn revenue for our sustenance.\"Stating that most of the developmental work in the state has been stopped due to the problem of land ownership, extortion and illegal taxation, Rio called upon the land owners and locals to be vigilant and cautious against hostile elements and create a peaceful atmosphere for industrialization to bring about development in the state.Rio added, \"There is a need for political, social, cultural and emotional integration of the Nagas as we are divided under different administrative units even though we have the same history, identity and traditional practices. In 2010, the state government urged Myanmar to give recognition to the Nagas, after which they were allowed to participate in the elections and some were even elected to the Myanmar government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12014054", "title": "Yadav new Board secretary", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Vasudev Yadav has joined as the new secretary of Board of Secondary Education (UP Board) here on Thursday. He took the charge in presence of director of Board of Secondary Education CP Tiwari. He was former senior education director, secondary education.Later on, CP Tiwari held a meeting with all the senior officials of the UP Board and reviewed the progress made in the preparations of the UP Board examination. He instructed that all the preparat i o n s should be expedited, so that students do not face problems in giving the examination.It is pertinent to mention that about 63 lakh candidates are appearing in the UP Board examination. The availability of the admit card and the examination papers are big challenge for the officials of Board of Secondary Education as few days are left for the examination. Tiwari also cleared all the doubts over the former secretary of Prabha Tripathi and said that she has gone on medical leave. She has been attached with the Directorate of education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12013758", "title": "Now, hassle-free access to government services", "text": "DHARWAD: If everything goes according to plan, people in Dharwad taluk will be saved from the delay in getting their certificates issued from government offices from March 1. The state government with an intention to bring in transparency into administration and effective functioning of various departments will introduce Karnataka Guarantee of Service to Citizen's Act 2011 on that day and Dharwad is one among the four districts, where the act will be introduced on a pilot basis.Deputy commissioner Darpan Jain on Thursday said that the act would be simultaneously introduced in Dharwad, Chitradurga, Bidar and Dakshina Kannada district. \"The objective of the act is to provide service to the public within a time frame,\" he said.More than 151 services given by 11 departments including urban development ( HDMC, CMC , TMC and HDUDA), state transport, food and civil supplies, revenue, police, education, health and family welfare, panchayat raj, commercial tax, labour and women and child development will be covered under the act. According to the act, these departments will have to provide services within a prescribed time limit.A designated officer will be appointed to see that the service is provided within the stipulated time. Also a competent officer (CO) will be appointed above the designated officers to monitor the work flow. The public can approach the CO, if the designated officer of any department fails to provide service within the time frame. The CO is empowered to conduct probes in such complaints and if any officer is found delaying services, he/ she will be fined. Rs 20 per day will be charged on the officer for failing to provide service within time. Citizens are also entitled to get compensation in case of delays in providing service. When a person submits an information to the designated officer, he will be given a GSC number. The person needs to feed the GSC number to the website to get details of the application.Jain said, \"The district-level officials of all the11 departments underwent the first round of training in Bangalore. Presently the district administration is conducting the second round of training for computer operators. Apart from this a two-day workshop on 'Karnataka Guarantee of Service to Citizen's Act 2011' will be held at PWD hall in Dharwad for the officials of 11 departments on February 27 and 28. The administration is also planning to set up a help desk to facilitate the people get required information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12013769", "title": "Cops bust clandestine fireworks manufacturing unit", "text": "VARANASI: The Sonbhadra police on Thursday unearthed an illegal cracker manufacturing unit in Palaiyadih village under Windomganj police station and recovered huge quantities of explosives and fireworks.According to police, acting on a tip-off, a joint team of police from Windomganj and Kone police station raided a house in Palaidih, situated along the Jharkhand border. Police arrested two persons, identified as Chandra Prasad and Prabhu, when they were trying to escape with explosives used in firework manufacturing and brass wires. Later, the police seized 30 kg of explosives, huge quantity of prepared crackers and other articles from this unit.Wall collapse: Four passersby sustained injuries when parts of a boundary wall of the irrigation department's compound collapsed in Chandausatti on Thursday.Death in mishap: A 45-year-old person was crushed to death by a bus in Mugra Badshahpur area in Jaunpur district on Thursday. He was identified as Gulam Haider, of Rakholi Bhikhampur.Girl dies: An eight-year-old girl Soni lost her life when a jeep hit her in Mehnajpur area in Azamgarh on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12012550", "title": "Power shutdown tomorrow", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Saturday between 9am and 5pm for maintenance work:Kilpauk : Sastri Ngr 1 to 12 Sts, Kilpauk Police Quarters SS, Part of PH Rd (D No 120 to 156 and 825 to 8530, Part of Barnaby Rd, Madam lane, Pandaram lane, Part of Vellala St, Flowers Rd and lane, Dr Alagappa Rd, Andiappa St and lane, Saravana Perumal St, Perumal St, Diwan Rama Rd, Lawders gate St and 3 lanes, GE Koil St, Kanchi avenue, Pankajammal colony, Ram Samy St, Latangas Rd, GE Koil Police Quarters.Thirumudivakkam : Part of Kundrathur town, Thirumudivakkam Sidco Estate, Vazuthalambedu, Thirumudivakkam village, Periyar Ngr, Pazhanthandalam, Erumaiyur, Dhargas, Somangalam, Nallur, Naduveerapattu, Natham, Sirukalathur, Amarambedu, Varadharajapuram.Nandanam : Anbu colony, Power Finance Corporation building, SM Ngr, Ceebros Hotel, Karumuthu Centre, JVL Plaza, IOC Voltas Structure, Defence Accounts, Mambalam Telephone Exchange, VN Rd, South Boag Rd, Melony St, Hindu Pracharashaba, Amudan colony, Thomas Rd, Guna complex, Fathima Aktar complex, Cape Gemini, KG Dasan salai, Apollo Speciality Hospital, Rathna Ngr, Turnbulls Rd, Polutry, LR Swami building, Areva, Part of North Boag Rd, Giriappa Rd, Thyagaraya Rd.Durainallore : Kavaraipettai, Thandalachery, Puduvoyal, Peruvoyal, Sompattu, Panapakkam, Paranambedu, Kilikodi, Arani, Durainallore, Medhur, Devambedu.Tambaram : East Tambaram, Poondi Bazaar, Part of Tambaram Sanatorium East, Chitlappakkam, IAF Station.Pondeswaram : Pondeswaram, Veerapuram, Arakambakkam, Velachery, Magaram, Karlapalayam, Kadhavur, Kilkondaiar, Komakkambedu, Thamaraipakkam, Koduvalli.Kovilambakkam : Kovilambakkam, Nanmangalam, S Kolathur, Eachangadu, Self Help Industrial Estate, Keelkattlai, Medavakkam main Rd, Vadakkupattu, Vellakkal.Kamaraj Nagar: Kamaraj Ngr, NM Rd, Avadi market, Kumaran Ngr, Periyar Ngr, Anandam Ngr.Thousand Lights: Spencer Complex, Greams Rd door no 17 to 45 and 70 and 128, Azizmulk II to V, Annasalai door no 688 to 735, Saffemohamed Rd, GMM Bagadur St, Model School Rd, Apollo Child Trust Hospital, Apollo Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12012951", "title": "Man shot at outside Shivajinagar court", "text": "PUNE: Minutes after Vijay Karke, a 25-year-old with a police record, walked out of the district and sessions court at Shivajinagar here on Thursday evening, unidentified persons on two motorcycles opened fire on him at the Kamgar Putla slum.Karke, who was hit by a bullet in the right thigh, has been admitted to Sassoon hospital. The police said he has identified three of the attackers. Karke had come out of the court premises after attending a hearing in the murder case of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena leader Sandeep alias Anna Bandal, The trial in the case, involving absconding suspect Rohidas Chorge and 11 others, is pending before additional sessions judge V K Shevale.On Thursday, additional public prosecutor Vijay Hole examined the third witness in the case, Avinash Shilamkar, and the cross-examination by defence lawyer Sudhir Shah was partly done.Speaking to TOI, assistant commissioner of police (crime) Vinod Satav said Karke was present for the hearing and left with his friends after Shilamkar's cross-examination was deferred.Around 4.30 pm, the four attackers spotted Karke outside the court, but he ran into the slum. The attackers chased him and one of them shot at him in a lane adjacent to a mosque. Despite being injured in the thigh, Karke managed to escape, Satav said.Karke, who works with a tourist firm, is involved in two body offence cases. He has been provided security at Sassoon hospital.A crime branch official said Karke has told the police that he had seen Chorge in court. Chorge, who was arrested in the Bandal murder case, had escaped from Sassoon hospital on February 5 last year when he was brought there from the Yerawada jail for treatment.Senior inspector Pandharinath Patil of the Shivajinagar police station said one of the bullets fired at Karke hit the wall of Paru Pandurang Shinde's hutment in the slum.Another resident of the slum, Salim Sayyed, said, \"I heard a loud noise, which sounded like someone had thrown stones at a tin shed. When I stepped out of my house, I saw people running helter-skelter and some men speeding on two motorcycles.\"Shoaib Shaikh, a ninth standard student, told the police that he saw two men, one of them armed with a revolver, chasing a man who fled on the main road. Shoaib's mother, Naseem, said the men were hurling abuses in Marathi while attempting to shoot the man who was fleeing. Another resident, Hamida Khan, said the assailants had covered their faces.Deputy commissioner of police (zone I) Dnyaneshwar Phadtare said no bullets or gunpowder were found at the slum.Bandal was killed over past rivalry at Ganeshnagar, Kothrud, on February 7, 2008. The Kothrud police had arrested 12 suspects in the case. While Chorge escaped from hospital, six suspects are in jail and five are out on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12011875", "title": "Highest offer rises by 85% at DAIICT", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The highest package offered to the students of Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Communication Technology (DAIICT) has risen by 85 per cent this year.If last year the highest package offered was Rs 8.5 lakh, this year it has gone up to Rs 16 Lakh. The offer was made by Microsoft. This was confirmed by deputy placement officer at DAIICT, Narayanan Nair. The final placements had began there from July 11.Capillary, Kothari Infotech, Verse Innovations, and SEWA are among the recruiters. tnnwho took part in the recruitment process at DAIICT this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011810", "title": "CBI says no to Swamy's plea to probe Sonia in Bofors case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Thursday turned down Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy's plea to probe Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's alleged role in the Bofors case, saying a closure report had been filed in the case and it could not be opened unless new evidence was presented.Swamy had called on CBI director A P Singh to seek a probe. He told TOI over phone, \"The Swedish investigating authorities had said that Indian agencies had failed to interrogate Sonia Gandhi and CBI records also say that Ottavio Quattrocchi was close to Gandhi. Quattrocchi was treated like a family member in the Gandhi family. I met the director to look into that.\"However, a senior CBI official ruled out a fresh probe. \"The case was exhaustively investigated by CBI and thoroughly examined in courts also. No connection whatsoever of Mrs Sonia Gandhi was found that warranted any form of examination,\" he said on condition of anonymity.The official said the agency could not do anything unless the court asked it to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12012576", "title": "Delimitation, sympathy wave to determine Fatorda win", "text": "MARGAO: The ancient rivalry between BJP's Damodar 'Damu' Naik and independent Vijai Sardessai is heating up further as the two will battle it out for the Fatorda seat for the second consecutive assembly election. Sardessai had lost the 2007 assembly election by a margin of 1,771 votes while contesting on the Congress ticket.However, the Fatorda fight promises to be bigger and better this time with loyal Congressman M K Shaikh, ST's seasoned campaigner Piedade Noronha and municipal councillor Arthur D'silva throwing their hats into the ring.Naik, a two-time legislator dismissed speculations that the delimitation exercise would play a decisive factor against him as six booths in the Gogol housing board colony- of which four were considered strongholds of the saffron party- and a part of Comba from Fatorda constituency have been excluded. A confident Naik dismissed Sardessai \"at fourth place\" stating that Shaikh, who has the backing of former Fatorda MLA Louiz Alex 'Mama' Cardozo would give him the toughest fight, followed by Trinamool Congress Party's Noronha.What is pertinent to the electorate in Fatorda, is the public rift in the Congress after Sardessai was denied a party ticket which many voters said \"will ruin the ruling party's chances and it has dug its own grave\". Sardessai, however, \"calls it a blessing in disguise given the anti-Congress wave\". Shaikh, on the other hand, feels that Fatorda's voters would \"appreciate his 45-year-old loyal relations with the Congress and his clean image\", while D'silva feels 'this present scenario (of Sardessai being denied the ticket) had made it \"very easy\" for him to win the election. Not to be left out, an unperturbed Noronha said the voters are \"fed up of the Congress and the BJP and want a third front\".Noronha, who polled 3,640 of the votes during the last assembly election, is expected to definitely put a dent in the chances of her rivals given that there around 5,500 SC/ST voters, said political analysts. \"Come Friday, I will have completed my door-to-door campaign. It is not just the people from the ST/SC communities that are backing me, but all of Fatorda is,\" she said.While it is believed that there are close to 2,500 Muslim voters in Fatorda, Shaikh, who is excepted to win a chunk of the minority community votes, said that he is confident of winning the Fatorda seat as he has received a tremendous response after having completed two-thirds of his door-to-door campaign. Playing down his late candidature, Shaikh said that he was the Congress party's chosen candidate and that he was \"well-known in Fatorda and was more than capable of addressing the grievances of the locals if elected\".Hitting out at the Congress and the BJP for \"failing to develop Fatorda for the last 25 years\", D'Silva pointed out that it was because of the \"support and encouragement of the public, that he had decided to contest the municipal election which he won by a record margin\". D'Silva, who completed 80% of his campaigning, said that he was not only confident of winning the seat, but would ensure that \"there would be no dadagiri, but only annagiri in Fatorda\".Political experts said that Sardessai had managed to build his voter base, with even Naik's supporters admitting that he may have eaten into Naik's voter base.However, a political expert who has been following all the Fatorda assembly elections closely said that ever since Sardessai lost out on the Congress ticket, his primary task was to retain the voter base he had accumulated over the last year or so and then try and win over Naik's base and the ST base.Sardessai, appeared confident of this. \"Through my extensive corner meetings, I interacted and enjoyed the support of people across sectors in Fatorda. I am very confident of winning the election with a clear majority,\" said Sardessai, adding that the sympathy wave for those who were denied Congress tickets was the highest in Fatorda. Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12012480", "title": "Sonia to address meeting on Feb 25", "text": "MARGAO: Congress president Sonia Gandhi will address a public meeting at Fatorda on February 25 at 3pm as a part of the party's election campaign plan. This was announced by chief minister Digambar Kamat at a news conference held on Thursday.\"We expect a crowd of 25,000 to 30,000 people for the public meeting to be addressed by Sonia Gandhi,\" Kamat said.Stating that the Congress was on a \"strong footing\", Kamat said, \"We are going to the people with a positive note. (we are telling the people) here's the performance card of the government of the last five years... Vote us on our merit,\" Kamat said.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011287", "title": "CBCS in NU's PG courses from 2012-13", "text": "NAGPUR: In some good news for the students, Nagpur University's Academic Council on Thursday cleared the proposal to implement Choice-based Credit System (CBCS) from academic session 2012-13, senior officials have said.The much-delayed decision will help students in the long run as it is accepted globally. NU is the only non-agricultural university in Maharashtra which had not yet adopted CBCS. Even neighbouring Amravati University, which was once part of NU, had adopted this system as per UGC guidelines from last academic session. TOI had on May 19, 2010, reported that CBCS would take at least two years to be implemented in NU due to politics and lethargy of the administration.During a marathon meeting of the council, members from majority of faculties agreed to implement CBCS from next session. The members also decided to introduce semester pattern in all post graduate courses, which is a mandatory requirement for implementing CBCS. Other big universities like Mumbai and Pune had adopted the system long ago. In fact, Pune was the first to implement this system at undergraduate (UG) level too.Even Maharashtra government had directed all universities to implement CBCS for all courses from next academic session. Additionally, UGC had asked universities to revamp their systems by introducing semesters and CBCS to improve quality of higher education.Currently, only engineering, MCA and pharmacy courses in NU are being operated on the semester pattern, while most other courses across all faculties, where student numbers are maximum, are still being run on yearly pattern. At present, CBCS has been implemented in newly-opened genetic engineering and molecular biology department of NU.Officials added that many other important decisions were also taken, including renaming of medicine faculty as 'pharmaceutical sciences faculty', since all medical courses have been shifted to the Nashik-based MUHS. A proposal in this regard was mooted by former head of NU pharmacy department Pramod Yeole.The long-ending proposal of grade improvement scheme for PG courses moved by senior member Baban Taywade was also cleared with a voice vote. Additionally, new norms for fixing research centres for PhD was also passed, which will enable even private institutions to offer facilities for research. However, there will be limitation on the number of students per centre. The council also cleared proposals of first-time affiliation of colleges and of starting various sections in existing institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12013458", "title": "Son-producing clinics in Gujarat, 15 doctors penalized", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When district officials in Mehsana studied records of gynaecologists recently, they were stunned to find out that many were virtually running son-producing centres. Mehsana town is infamous with its ratio at just 760 girls per 1,000 boys - the lowest in the country.Some of the doctors in the region have individual ratios of just 600 per 1,000 boys in the past few months. Alarmed, government officials have started monitoring the individual sex ratios of doctors.On Wednesday, district collector Rajkumar Beniwal suspended the licence of 15 gynaecologists for three months because of the high number of boys they were delivering at their clinics. One doctor, for instance, delivered just 250 girls incomparison to 334 boys between April and November 2011. Despite strict requirements of the Pre-Conception &amp; Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques Act, many have been accused of underreporting number of expecting mothers who have undergone sonography at their clinics.\"If a doctor delivers 50 babies every month, the sonography machine has to be used at least 100 times,\" Beniwal said. \"But these doctors have informed us of only 10 instances where the machine is used.\" Chief district health officer Deepak Jagani says Mehsana has hit the lowest ebb on the gender index, according to the Census 2011 figures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "charkhari", "code": "12013030", "title": "UP polls: Uma Bharti's entry enlivens elections in Charkhari", "text": "CHARKHARI: Ramdevi Tiwari was among first few who arrived at Talkothi polling centre much before the polling staff got down to business on Thursday morning. The 40-year-old homemaker was there to support \"someone capable of protecting women's honor in the high crime belt\". Charkhari, she said, is in one of the most unsafe places for females, molestation rape exploitation are rampant though most of the victims choose to keep mum.Ramdevi extolled BJP candidate Uma Bharati for her efforts to help distressed women as she recalled how the sadhvi took up cudgels for Bhanmati, a dalit girl gang-raped in 1995. \"Not only she ensured that culprits were brought to book, Uma Bharati also helped rehabilitate the girl, she said. \"This time her vote will go to someone who understands and empathizes with suffering women folks,\" she declared, walking off.A reserved constituency till 2007, Charkhari, is witnessing its first high-profile election over past 60 years. Uma Bharati's entry has added dollops of excitement and drama in the otherwise drab pre-poll scenario. The place, pretty but caught obviously in a time warp -- has seen a stream of VVIP visitors -- Rahul Gandhi, Nitin Gadkari, Kalraj Misrha among others. While Uma claiming to be \"Charkari's beti\", promises to turn it into an international tourist destination, her opponents have worked at turning the election to a \"gharwarla versus baharwali\" (local vs outsider ) issue. People have to choose between glamour and sincerity of purpose, says Khem Chand Ahirvar, a local Congress leader and voters are too smart to be fooled by fly-by- night netas, he announced.Voters in Gaurhari trooping into polling booth had different reasons. \"It is question of life and death for our village,\" declared Bhalchand Saini. Famous for its 'gora pathar' (soapstone quarries) Gaurhahri has been a battle filed between two strongmen Badshah Singh and Ganga Chanran Rajput, he said. Extensive mining has taken its toll on the place, he added. \"They have dug up everything and now our homes are imperiled,\" he claimed. This time the kasba, he said, was \"voting for a change, for someone who had both heart and resources to help them out.\" Gaurhari ended up recording 70% polling.High presence of womenfolk was all too visible in the queue outside Sant Vinoba Girls Higher Secondary school in Kupahar. A lecturer in GGIC Mahoba, Sarita Yadav a had especially come down to Charkhari to cast her vote. Her candidate, she said, \"would ensure greater security for women and also job reservation for fair sex. Girls have a tough life in this region and they need extra support for moving ahead,\" she asserted.Polling booth non 233 in Kulpahad reported 52% of votes by 2 pm. \"Most of the voters here are educated and want an MLA who not only promises but also delivers,\" claimed Dr Kishori Lal Soni. He would personally favor someone who has the best report card. \"Charkhari has been living on false hopes for the past 60 years and now we refuse to be taken for a ride,\" he said.Meanwhile, the Lodh Rajput belt comprising Fateshpur, Bamrora, Jirai, Bhainsari ,Roshanpur reported more than 60% voting by 3 am. With around 60,000 voters from the community, both BJP and SP who had fielded Lodh candidates. \"I have voted for the best candidate,\" said Shridhar Lodhi a quarry worker from Roshanpura.\"Who says Charkhai has nothing? Charkhari has everything - corruption, extortion, unemployment, poverty bad roads, land and mining mafia\" declared 21-year-old Uma Shankar. The first-time voter slammed all major parties for befooling the gullible masses. \"But now their bluff is called off...everyone here is wide awake,\" he added. This could be the reason why the voting percentage in the constituency shot up from 50.74% to 59.2% this time.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12012887", "title": "Three Ulfa cadres arrested in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: City police apprehended three cadres of Ulfa's anti-talk faction from Machkhowa area of Guwahati in a joint operation with the Army late on Wednesday. The arrested persons were proceeding towards lower Assam's Goalpara district making their way to Bangladesh for advanced training, a top police officer said on Thursday. \"Based on specific input, the police and army nabbed the three ultras including Upen Chabukdhara alias Dhan (26), the son of Mohan Chabukdhara, who belongs to Chengchap, Sadia, in upper Assam's Tinsukia district. The other two arrested are Dhan Munda (25) and Pranjal Rabha\", said a police official.The officer added that Dhan Munda is the son of Bhulanath Munda of Dhikani Tea Estate in Maumara in Dibrugarh district and Pranjal Rabha is son of late Ajit Rabha of Meghadang, Agia, in Goalpara district. Upen Chabukdhara was also earlier arrested by police in connection to murder of Prabin Buragohain, an informer of police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12012828", "title": "Home ministry confirms Maoists' entry into NE", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Union ministry of home affairs has confirmed the entry of Maoists into the northeast and their association with several militant outfits of the region, mainly the PLA of Manipur. The MHA document released as 'FAQ on Maoists in India' said, \"They (Maoists) are making incursions into Assam and Arunachal Pradesh , which will have serious long-term strategic implications.\"In reply to a question whether the CPI (Maoist) has links with other terrorist organizations and foreign countries, the document said, \"The CPI (Maoist) has close fraternal ties with many insurgent groups of the northeast, mainly the PLA of Manipur. Most of these outfits have links with external forces inimical to India. The CPI (Maoist) has also frequently expressed its solidarity with J&K; terrorist groups. These ties are part of their 'Strategic United Front' against India. The outfit has close links with foreign Maoist organizations in Philippines and Turkey and is also a member of the Coordination Committee of Maoist Parties and Organizations of South Asia (CCOMPOSA), which includes Nepal Maoists.\"The MHA, in its document, discussed the steps that an ordinary citizen can take against Left-wing extremism (LWE), which includes launching an attack on social networking sites. MHA has asked the people to condemn the violent and brutal atrocities of CPI (Maoist) and other LWE groups on innocent civilians through any available media like social networks, learn to recognize the Maoist front organizations, ideologues and sympathizers' propaganda of war against India, sensitize fellow countrymen on the dangers of their violent ideology and cherish and nurture the democratic way of life enshrined in the Constitution.The ministry said front organizations, which are off-shoots of the parent Maoist party, profess a separate existence to escape legal liability and carry out propaganda for the party, raise funds for the insurgency, assist the cadres in legal matters and also provide safe houses and shelters to underground cadres. The ministry said, \"Functionaries of front organizations provide intellectual veneer to the inherent violence in Maoist ideology. They sanitize the bloodletting and attempt to make the Maoist world-view palatable to urban audiences and the media.\"The MHA added that the Maoists brainwash and indoctrinate young children and threaten poor Adivasi parents, who usually prefer to part with their girl child. \"This is the reason behind the presence of large number of women Maoists who are also pushed to engage themselves with the security forces.\"On Sunday last, chief minister Tarun Gogoi, after a meeting with home minister P Chidambaram here, said, \"Pakistan's ISI is trying to involve itself in the growing Maoist problem in the state. However, the MHA document has not named any foreign forces inimical to the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12013405", "title": "Expletives making noisy entry into kids\u2019 lexicon", "text": "If Indian television is the fountainhead of popular attitudes, then the expletivespewing five-year-old Chinky of television show Mann Ki Awaz Pratigya could be one indication of why Indian children love to cuss. In the show, the pigtailed schoolgirl goes around indiscriminately disgorging the finest Awadhi curses, sometimes prompting castigation but mostly inspiring doting affection.Off screen too, in playgrounds, classrooms and living rooms across India, cuss words from undersized bandits hiding in school uniforms and sucking on lollipops are increasingly throwing off parents. For children who idolize the likes of Chinky and the obnoxious Japanese cartoon child, Shin Chan, mouthing bad words is the best way to seek attention. Recently, seven-yearold Pritam Chaudhary who goes to a Santa Cruz IB school, used a crude Hindi slang for male genitalia while referring to his tuition teacher. A firststandard teacher at a south Mumbai school found herself turning several shades of pink when a student showed her the finger when asked to spell a word. For another teacher who works in the area of brain development of children across the ages of four and nine, the innocent game of word association has forever turned macabre: One child linked the letter B with a crass Hindi term suggesting incestuous sexual ties.\"Usually they don't know the meaning of the cuss word and don't even want to figure it out,\" says child psychologist Seema Hingorrany, who is used to a steady stream of such cases. \"It could come from parents who use cuss words in front of their kids, role models like older kids, domestic help, TV cartoon series or even movies. These have prompted certain kids to freely say saala and kameena as evidenced by their Facebook wall posts,\" she says.Recently, Hingorrany came across an 11-year-old boy who used a cuss word in front of his teacher. When probed, the boy confessed that he could not \"control himself\" and that he had picked it up from the driver who could be found spouting the invectives when negotiating heavy traffic.While children have always indulged in shocking their parents with the occasional unmentionable, the difference now is that the child's cuss vocabulary is more expansive and aggressive.Ironically, the new generation of Indian parents who are inclined to view parenting as a professional exercise, is floundering over how to cope with the cuss offensive. A former software professional and now full-time mother Sangita Nalawade says she has tried several ways to curb the menace.Punishing, excommunicating and not reacting to the cuss word, she had found her own ways around the problem. \"Raising your voice or responding aggressively will only reinforce the attention-seeking behaviour and talking down will make them curious. I think the best way is to be stoic and make it clear that bad language is not okay,\" she says.Vile Parle homemaker Sarita Khaura demands that her nine-year-old son \"wash his mouth with soap\" every time he utters a cuss word. \"If not out of respect, he will stop cursing for fear of the ordeal,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12012423", "title": "City NCP chief withdraws resignation, supporters in tow", "text": "NASHIK: City NCP chief Gajanan Shelar, who had resigned from his post following his defeat by a party rebel Sanjay Chavan in the civic polls recently, has withdrawn his resignation.Shelar and his supporters who had submitted their resignations to deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, withdrew them after talks with Pawar. Pawar asked them to withdraw their resignations and promised to look into their woes.Shelar had resigned due to his defeat and also from the post on February 18 on the backdrop of the loss of the party in the recently concluded civic polls and also alleging illegal activities in the city and improper functioning of the party office without the knowledge of party leaders. He said he would keep working for the party.Pawar asked Shelar to ask the 200-odd party workers to also withdraw their resignations and further asked him to meet the regional chief of NCP. Shelar and the other leaders met the regional NCP chief , Madhukar Pichad, and informed him about the reasons for the resignations. Pichad said action will be taken after investigations. NCP party workers who went to Mumbai to meet the deputy chief minister said that after the direction of Pawar and the regional chief to withdraw the resignations and their assurance to look into their grievances, they have decided to work for the party enthusiastically once again. They said they would be adopt a wait-and-watch policy on Pawar's decison .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12013443", "title": "Rural pockets of Kanpur witness impressive voting", "text": "KANPUR: Rural and semi-rural pockets of the district witnessed a huge turnout of voters during the fifth phase of assembly election on Thursday. Long queues of voters were visible at many polling stations in Bithoor, Maharajpur, Billhaur, Kalyanpur and Ghatampur assembly constituencies.The highest turnout of voters was in Bithoor constituency where 63.68% voters turned up to vote. Billhaur recorded 60.92% polling, Ghatampur 57.5%, Maharajpur 57.9% and semi-rural Kalyanpur reported 50.62% voting till 5 pm.The politically sensitive Maharajpur constituency remained calm and no untoward instances, except verbal arguments, were reported from this area.Personnel of para-military forces were posted at sensitive booths in all assembly constituencies.A micro observer at Ram Lala Inter College in semi-rural Kalyanpur assembly said that polling was slow till 8 am, but it picked up gradually in the second half of the day.At a basic primary school polling station in Singhpur Kachhar, Bithoor, long queues of voters were witnessed till 5 pm.In Ishwariganj village of Bithoor too, one could see a huge number of voters standing in long queues at around 5 pm. The area of 200 metres demarcated as 'no disturbance zone' remained under the close watch of para-military forces and election observers, thus giving no opportunity to mischievous elements to play spoilsport.\"One could hardly see any political activity in the periphery of 200 metres,\" said Kake Singh, a voter in Dhankaupur on Mainawati Marg. Roadside dhabas, tea kiosks and other small shops near polling booths remained closed at most of the places.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "12011253", "title": "Escaped Naxals narrate tales of infighting, exploitation", "text": "GADCHIROLI: The two Naxals, Nirmala and Jagat Sonu Madavi, who surrendered before the district administration recently, have narrated tales of exploitation, infighting and hardships at the rebel stronghold of Abujhmarh, and their escape fraught with danger.Speaking to the media, Nirmala (Somi Kulmethe) recounted the five years she spent indoctrinating children in the Naxal philosophy at a school in Abujhmarh. Orphans and children from interior villages are brainwashed at the school on the Maharashtra-Chhattisgarh border. She also spoke of exploitation by senior Naxal cadre, with no help in sight, since neither security forces nor government officials dare to step near that region of thick forests.Nirmala got away from the life she has lived since the age of 13, after many failed attempts, which had led to her being posted in the inaccessible Abujhmarh area. She had to hitchhike five days through the forests to reach her home at Medpalli in Aheri, before surrendering along with Madavi, who spoke of how cadre from Andhra Pradesh try to dominate the movement, leading to dissension.Her decision to surrender came after a spat with a senior leader over the school, which left her feeling unsafe, especially since her colleague Jagat had also deserted a couple of days earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12010979", "title": "Slaughtering a man: Family gets life term", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eight members of a family, including a woman, were sentenced to life imprisonment by a Delhi court on Thursday for rioting and killing a man with swords. Ajay was hacked to death after he asked for the removal of debris that the accused had dumped outside his house. The court also imposed a fine of Rs 35,000 on each of the accused.\"I am of the considered view that the prosecution has proved its case beyond reasonable doubt that the accused persons have committed rioting and they were members of unlawful assembly which was armed with deadly weapons and the common object was to commit the murder of Ajay,\" additional sessions judge Bimla Kumari said.The judge rejected the Delhi Police's plea for death penalty to the convicts, observing that the manner of commission of offence did not fall in the category of \"rarest of rare\" case. According to the prosecution, the accused, identified as Anil, Anar, Raj, Shailendra, Anand, Dharampal, Ashok and his wife Asha, confronted their neighbour, Ajay, on September 3, 2005 after Ajay asked them to remove the debris lying in front of his houseas it was causing him inconvenience.The accused - all residents of north Delhi - armed with swords and iron pipes, reached Ajay's house and Ashok gave a blow on Ajay's head with his sword. Upon this, Asha exhorted Anil to give another blow. Ajay's wife, Meenu, was pushed aside when she tried to intervene while his sister-in-law, Vimla, was also attacked. The convicts kept exhorting that they would not leave Ajay alive, the prosecution said.Ajay's minor son was on the roof of the house at the time of the incident and he narrated the entire episode in the court and even identified all the accused persons. He also said that during the incident, he kept screaming at the accused not to kill his father.The court held the testimony of Ajay's son as trustworthy and reliable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12012090", "title": "One killed in road accident", "text": "PATNA: A motorcyclist was crushed to death while the pillion rider, a 13-year-old boy, sustained serious injuries when a speeding truck knocked the motorcycle on which they were riding at Anisabad Mor under the Gardanibagh police station in Patna on Thursday night. Agitated over the incident, local residents blocked the main road. SDPO (Phulwarisharif) Rakesh Dubey, who also holds the charge of Sachivalaya DSP, rushed to the spot and pacified the agitating mob, which later lifted the road blockade. The truck driver, however, managed to escape with the vehicle. Dubey said that the deceased had been identified as Chandan Kumar, a native of Dulhin Bazaar in Patna district.Bank manager run over, killed:Uttar Gramin Bank, Paliganj, branch manager Ashok Kumar Shukla was crushed to death by an speeding vehicle at Phulwarisharif on Thursday. Phulwarisharif SDPO Rakesh Dubey said the truck has been seized by the Phulwarisharirf police and the driver arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12013910", "title": "Thaliparamba calm as crackdown continues", "text": "KANNUR: The situation in violence-hit Thaliparamba region improved on Thursday, though some isolated cases of minor clashes were reported from some parts of the district. The police also recovered country-made bombs from a hospital canteen in Thaliparamba.\"The police are on high alert and have arrested 15 people from Thaliparamba and three from Chakkarakkal on Thursday. More arrests are expected later in the evening,\" said Rahul R Nair, Thaliparamba assistant superintendent of police (ASP), who has been given the charge of the district police chief after superintendent of police (SP) Anoop Kuruvilla John went on long leave.Besides, 14 people have been taken into preventive custody so far, in an effort to prevent violence. \"Police will do everything to curb the violent incidents, but it is the duty of the people not to instigate violence,\" he added.So far, cases have been registered against nearly 400 people from CPM and IUML in different police stations in the district. Eight IUML activists have been arrested in connection with the damaging of a coffee shop and a bus owned by a CPM sympathiser in Pattuvam on Wednesday.Seven CPM workers were arrested in connection with an attack against a bus owned by an IUML sympathizer in the same area.Bombs seized: Meanwhile, the Thaliparamba police seized two country-made bombs from the canteen of Thaliparamba Cooperative Hospital in the early hours of Thursday. The bombs were recovered and defused by the bomb squad, following a tip-off from an employee of the canteen. The bombs were kept inside the canteen.Following this, the bomb squad conducted raids at the hospital premises. The police are also planning to conduct such raids in sensitive areas of the district, to prevent any untoward incidents.Though the all-party meeting held in Kannur on Wednesday had called the people to maintain restraint, some minor scuffles were reported from places like Naduvil and Sreekandapuram, and also some suburban parts of Thalassery late on Wednesday.While three local leaders of the CP M in Naduvil suffered minor stab injuries in a clash and they were admitted in Thaliparamba cooperative hospital, the house of Irikkur block panchayat president Prof C H Memy, who is a CPM leader, was attacked by unidentified gang at Sreekandapuram. The house of a local leader of IUML, Kannankeel Musthafa, was attacked by an unidentified group of people on Wednesday night at Ezham Mail near Thaliparamba. However, the clash at Illathazhe in Thalassery was the result of group fight among the CPM workers over a temple festival, and this has nothing to do with the violence in Thaliparamba and surrounding areas, said police.Meanwhile, peace meetings have started in different sensitive areas. An all an all-party meeting in Thaliparamba asked the followers of CPM and IUML to maintain peace and bring back normalcy in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12012171", "title": "In a first, Bihar to host national police housing meeting", "text": "PATNA: In a first since its establishment in 1974, the Bihar Police Building Construction Corporation (BPBCC) will host the 'All India Police Housing Conference' in Patna in collaboration with Bureau of Police Research and Development, New Delhi.\"The two-day event will be opened by chief minister Nitish Kumar on March 10,\" DG-cum-BPBCC CMD Ashok Kumar Gupta said on Thursday and added it would be an occasion for bosses of the country's various police housing corporations to share their knowledge and experience with one another.Senior officials associated with police housing in more than 20 states will participate in the conference. Besides cops, they will include eminent technocrats and architects.On the occasion CM Kumar will also release a souvenir and inaugurate an exhibition on latest construction materials and technologies. Students of NIT-Patna will set up a stall to demonstrate the innovative projects prepared by them.The guest speakers at the meet will include Central Vigilance Commissioner R Sri Kumar, Bihar State Disaster Management Authority member A S Arya and eminent architect Pramod Chaugle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12010787", "title": "Central team in city, to hold talk with BMHRC staff", "text": "BHOPAL: Officials of the Union government's department of health research (DHR) arrived in the city late on Thursday night dissuade BMHRC employees from going on a strike from March 1. A section of the BMHRC employees earlier this week had threatened to go on indefinite strike from March 1.The decision to send the team was taken after a meeting with senior DHR officials and BMHRC director Dr K K Maudar in New Delhi on Thursday. Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre (BMHRC) employees are demanding salary at par with the 6th pay commission recommendations, filling of vacant posts in various departments among others.Earlier this January, the Union cabinet had handed over the functioning of the BMHRC to the Indian council of medical research (ICMR) that falls under the DHR.In a letter sent to the BMHRC employees earlier this week, ICMR Director General Dr VM Katoch assured the employees to consider their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12011935", "title": "Congress workers lathi charged", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gandhinagar police resorted to mild lathi charge and also fired tear gas shells at the Congress workers protesting against the state government for its anti-farmer policy.On Thursday on the first day of the state assembly, the Congress workers including farmers gathered in Gandhinagar. As farmers and Congress leaders began marching towards the state assembly, the police resorted to mild lathi charge and even fired tear gas shells to disperse the crowd. However, later when the Congress leaders refused to stop taking out the rally, the police detailed Gujarat Pradesh Congress President Arjun Modhwadia and Senior Leader and chairman of the election campaign committee Shankarsinh Vaghela were detained.Archana Shivhare, Supritendent of Police Gandhinagar said that a total of 186 people were detained from and around Gujarat Vidhansabha after the Congress rally. \"The entire incident has video graphed by Police personnel. The detainees have been released after six pm. We will review the video and if required we will file a police complaint in the incident,\" she said.Police officials said Congress was given permission to hold a public meeting and not to take out the rally. The party workers led by Modhwadia and Vaghela defied the prohibitory orders and went ahead with the protest march.A 12-point memorandum has been submitted to the state government demanding more power connections. Modhwadia addressing the gathering said the government has been only involved in just celebrations. He said industrialists were given special sub station right at their door steps and if the farmers wanted a sub station they were forced to pay Rs 2 lakh. He along with Vaghela accused the BJP of being anti-farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12012683", "title": "Girl ends life after father rebukes her", "text": "JAIPUR: A Class VIII student allegedly committed suicide by jumping into a well at a village in Banswara district on Wednesday evening after her father scolded her for not studying properly. The father and his son jumped into the well to save her, but could not succeed. Her body was taken out by the police with help of villagers after a three-hour long rescue operation.According to the police, the incident took place in Theekariya village under Kotwali police station area.The deceased, Dipika Yadav (12), was a student at a government school in the village.\"Her father, Dhanpal Yadav, a tempo driver, returned home after work in the evening and was told that Dipika was being forced to go to school for the past two days. She was not attending classes willingly. It infuriated the father and he started scolding her,\" said SHO, Kotwali police station, Laxman Lal.He added that the girl ran out of her house saying that she will jump into the well. Nobody took that seriously and then suddenly family members heard a loud thud around 9 pm.\"There is a well behind the house. It doesn't have concrete boundary wall, so it was easy for the girl to jump into it,\" said the officer.The shocked family members rushed outside. \"The father and the girl's elder brother also jumped into the well to rescue her, but it was too late. The water level in the well was quite high and she drowned. The father-son duo also started drowning,\" said the officer.After hearing cries for help, other villagers also reached there and took the father and his son out with help of ropes. \"The girl's body could be fished out only after the water level was reduced by fetching water out using buckets,\" said the officer.However in the police report, the father has said that the girl accidently fell into the well. \"We are recording the statements of neighbours and other family members,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12011730", "title": "Nine accused in murder of five persons acquitted", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nine persons, including five women, who were accused in the sensational murder of five persons in Amberpet in 2010, were acquitted by the Nampally Criminal Court on Thursday.In November 2008, Neha Jabeen was married to Mohammed Jahangir. After two months of marriage differences arose between the couple. Neha Jabeen filed a dowry case against her husband and in-laws. In 2009 Jahangir along with his parents met with a road accident in which his mother died and father was critically injured. According to prosecution, Jahangir held his wife and in-laws responsible for the death of his mother and decided to avenge. On May 30, 2010, Jahangir and his relatives attacked his in-laws resulting in the death of five persons. Public prosecutor B Rajeshwar Reddy told TOI that the nine persons __Mohammed Jahangir, Shareefuddin, Karim, Sheik Jaffar, Naslima Begum, Hafeeza Begum, Fatima Begum, Parveen Begum, Noor Banu Begum__ were acquitted because of lack of evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12012401", "title": "Kerala CM Oomen Chandy behind govt's tough stand on Italians?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kerala chief minister Oomen Chandy's unambiguous warning that any attempt to set free an Italian ship implicated in the killing of two Indian fishermen would be fiercely resisted by local fisher folks ready to form a blockade around the vessel may well have prompted New Delhi's tough stand.Chandy is understood to have communicated to the Centre that the arrest of two Italian guards on the oil tanker Enrica Lexie flying Italian colours is unavoidable, putting paid to diplomatic efforts to find a middle path that could see the offenders being tried outside the Indian judicial system.Brushing aside Italian claims that the guards be tried under Italian law as the incident occurred in international waters, Chandy made the point that the location is immaterial as the shooting was a case of murder. He made it clear that if the ship attempted to sail, a flotilla of local fisher folks would block its passage.Sources said Chandy's candid talk left the government with little option but to turn down Italian overtures to extricate its citizens although Delhi was not unaware of the inflamed sentiments and fierce politics over the episode in Kerala, where the Opposition Left Front demanded action against the ship's crew.Revulsion and anger over the shooting cuts across political and social divides in Kerala where there is outrage that the ship's crew did not make any effort to fire warning shots but fired directly at a fishing boat on the suspicion that it was a pirate vessel. It is felt that firing across the bow of the fishing boat would have been adequate.The comments of the newly-ordained Indian Cardinal in Rome George Alancherry that the Kerala government should not take precipitate action were roundly condemned across the political spectrum with Congress leaders realizing the possibility of an emotional backlash.The Kerala government's view is backed by some experts who point out that the covenant stipulating that the offenders be tried under the national laws of the flag a vessel flies relate to incidents like accidents on sea and not murder. The state government has said that shooting was a deliberate act.The Italian case is that the boat did not respond to warnings, but these might not have been fully understood by the local crew. The shooting is seen by some sailors as a panic reaction while the state government has argued that the threat of piracy off the state coast is almost non-existent. Even if born of ignorance, the shooting was a brutal act.Chandy's instructions were clear that Italians would be brought to trial and police wasted no time in boarding the ship and bringing the guards ashore. With the case registered, the Indian government could only tell Rome that the process of law cannot be altered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011909", "title": "BJP, SP attack Congress over Jaiswal's remarks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP on Thursday lashed out at Congress saying the party has not been able to get out of its \"Emergency mindset\" in the context of Union coal minister Sriparakash Jaiswal's comment that if the party does not come to office in Uttar Pradesh, there will be President's rule in the state. BJP spokesman Prakash Javdekar said, \"Jaiswal's comment proves that the Congress party has not been able to get out of its Emergency mindset.\"BJP leader Uma Bharati called it \"undemocratic and a threat to the voters\". \"On the threat that they would impose President's rule, I appeal to the electorate not to poll in favour of Congress as the party has no understanding of the importance of their votes,\" she said in Charkhari, from where she is contesting. She added, \"It is indicative of feudal mindset. Congress does not believe in democracy that is why they are saying this.\"Speaking to reporters in Allahabad, senior BJP leader L K Advani on Thursday also criticized Jaiswal's remarks, saying it would be a \"misuse of constitutional provision\".\"What the Union minister seems to be advocating is a misuse of a constitutional provision. President's rule is supposed to be imposed only when there is a constitutional crisis and the government of the state concerned has become dysfunctional,\" Advani said.Without naming any particular party, he said \"governments at the Centre prior to 1998, when the BJP came to power, have often been guilty of misuse of Article 356 of the Constitution, which is invoked for clamping President's rule in a state\".\"Concerns about possible misuse of Article 356 were raised while the Constitution was being drafted. Bhim Rao Ambedkar had then allayed such fears as he foresaw no such danger. Unfortunately, he was proven wrong by successive regimes in the country and the provision was misused many times to settle scores with political opponents\", the former deputy Prime Minister said.SP MP and spokesperson Ram Gopal Yadav said that Jaiswal has violated model code of poll conduct as his statement tantamounted to influencing the voters. He said that the Election Commission (EC) should take sou motto cognizance of the statement and take action. He left for Delhi in the afternoon to lodge a complaint with the EC. SP state president and Mulayam Singh Yadav's son Akhilesh said that Jaiswal statement showed that the Congress has accepted defeat.Assembly elections news 2012UP elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12012170", "title": "Followed entry fee norms for 2G auction: Ex-Trai chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) chairman Nripendra Mishra on Thursday told a special CBI court hearing the 2G case that an auction was held between October 2005 and March 2006 for collecting entry fee from telecom firms.Testifying as a prosecution witness, Mishra told special CBI judge O P Saini that the telecom policy was strictly in accordance with the recommendation of Trai during his tenure as secretary, department of telecommunications (DoT).\"At that time, the entry fee charged was as recommended by Trai and discovered by auction and it was different for different service areas,\" Mishra said.According to the CBI, Mishra was secretary, DoT, from October 2005 to March 2006. He later became Trai chairman and served in the post for three years till March 2009.Mishra said ex-telecom secretary and accused Siddharth Behura had written a letter to him in January 2008, saying the government's action on the spectrum issue was \"in accordance with the established policy\". He said the recommendation of Trai was necessary before issuing the licences.Referring to Behura's letter, he said, \"It also advised Trai that in view of the matter being agitated before TDSAT (Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal) and the high court, it was not desirable to engage in such correspondence between Trai and the DoT as it is sub-judice.\"He added, \"On this, there was no further correspondence between Trai and the DoT as government's communication had to be honored.\" The CBI has alleged that former telecom minister A Raja allotted 2G spectrum in an arbitrary manner and caused a huge loss to the government exchequer.According to the government auditor, the 2G scam , allegedly masterminded by Raja, pertained to a biased distribution of mobile airwaves and operating licences, in lieu of kickbacks, to telecom firms that could have cost the treasury up to Rs.1.76 lakh crore in lost revenue.Nineteen individuals and six companies are accused in the case. Except for Raja and Behura, all other arrested accused have been released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12012057", "title": "No robbery, motive unclear", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior citizen Punita Sukhwani's body was discovered by her husband Asan Sukhwani, an educational consultant, when he returned home around 6pm. He found her lying in a pool of blood in her bedroom. Investigations have indicated the role of her domestic help in the incident.Police said both maids were present in the house at the time of the incident and were picked up from the flat after Asan contacted the Gamdevi police at 6.20pm. Police also said both suspects are pointing fingers at each other, but it is still unclear if both conspired to kill her. Although the motive is yet to be ascertained, unconfirmed reports suggested a scuffle broke out after one maid accused Punita of favouritism towards the other.\"Prima facie it does not seem like a case of robbery because the women did not flee from the scene and no recovery has been made from the duo. They are not giving any comprehensible statements. We are confident an arrest will be made soon,\" said a Gamdevi police officer. The body was taken to JJ Hospital for autopsy.The victim's eldest son, Sushil Sukhwani, runs Edwise International, a consultancy which specializes in sending students to foreign universities. He manages a travel agency with younger brother Ajay.Sushil's wife Dr Anita Sukhwani is a physician who practises at Mahalaxmi Chambers at Bhulabhai Desai Road.When TOI contacted her, she said, \"I do not wish to talk about the incident.\"The brothers, in their early 40s, studied at St Mary's ICSE Mazgaon with Sushil graduating in 1985. He is president of the school's alumni association. A former classmate said, \"This comes as a shock. I know Sushil to be a wonderful person and do meet with his brother and wife socially. This is a close-knit family that gets along very well. There is no reason to doubt that there were any misgivings or internal issues.\"(With inputs from Bella Jaisinghani)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12014124", "title": "DIG issues green decree for cops", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The men in khaki will have to pay from their pocket if they litter the deputy inspector general (DIG) office. To keep the premises spic and span, Allahabad DIG/SSP Prakash D has warned that if cops would be spotted throwing tea/coffee plastic cups or polybags in open space instead of dustbins kept on the campus, their one day salary would be cut.To avoid the monetary pinch, policemen ranging from constables to the inspector rank are adhering to the 'clean and green environment' decree.More than 300 cops are posted in the different sections like the passport cell, traffic cell, women cell, missing cell and District Crime Record Bureau situated at DIG office campus.DIG/SSP Prakash D told TOI: \"We are promoting clean and green environment among the men of same ilk and it's a responsibility of each and every individual to keep the surroundings clean and green.\" He added that \"Cops have also been asked not to throw garbage in open places and use dustbins.\" DIG said dustbins have been placed in every department.Cops chewing paan masala and spitting on the premises will also have to pay the fine. The cops have also been advised to maintenance of the DIG building and adopt a friendly approach towards visitors. For the first time, the department has set up a visitors' room at the office and a display board has also been installed for the convenience of the visitors so that they should not face trouble in searching the department concerned. The police official building, built in 1907, has also been spruced up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016618", "title": "Is Carnatic music a viable career?", "text": "Now that the allure of the Margazhi season is done and dusted, several youngsters who've performed then are at the crossroads - whether to take on Carnatic music as a profession or not?That was the choice looming large for Ramakrishnan Murthy some time ago. Though he did look out for jobs, he realized that Carnatic music was his true calling. Once this Computer Science student plunged into it full-time, there was no stopping him.Today, sabhas and temples call him to perform for them. \"Things are getting better every month,\" he says, \"It's a viable career option if you know you can sing well and have enough shraddai on the art.\" Patience is a very important quality for any aspiring musician as things sometime take long to happen.Agrees Sikkil Gurucharan, one of the most promising singers in the circuit now, \"If you wait and concentrate on your music, success will follow,\" he feels, \"When you are just starting out, most concerts happen out of goodwill from the sabhas. At that stage, there's no question of demanding money before getting on stage. But as you progress and the audiences start noticing you, things get better financially.\"A few years ago, the dreaded question of 'what do you want to become' was posed to Gurucharan too. Though he had a post graduate degree at hand and could have applied for a job, he chose music. \"As I hail from a family of musicians, the choice was a bit easier to make. My family members and guru helped me a lot at that stage; now, looking back, I'm glad I made that choice,\" he says.Is it financially viable? \"Once you're a little bit established, yes,\" he says, \"But, there's no concept of a fixed income. What's to come will come.\" The music season isn't just a seasonal one, as most think. \"For a professional, it's packed and around the year,\" adds Ramakrishnan, \"There's the Thyagaraja festivals, Rama Navami performances, temple festivals and music fests abroad as well. So, the calendar is quite packed.\"To have a backup or additional income, some vocalists venture into corporate gigs, bands or opt for part-time/full-time career choices that go with their stream of study. Some foray into film music as well, where their skills in front of the microphone help them immensely. Straddling two horses and being successful in both is something Deepika V has been doing for some time now.While her job at an IT firm helps her keep in touch with one of her interests (technology), her first love, music, finds priority. \"It's all about maintaining a balance and knowing where your priorities lie,\" she says, \"Carnatic music isn't well-paying initially; it will help you lead a self-sufficient lifestyle. But if you hit the top, there's no stopping you.\"Factors to NoteA singer just starting to make his/her mark in the circuit could earn about 8,000 - 10, 000, depending on the kind of sabhas they perform in and the number of concerts they give. The remuneration increases once you get noticed among the rasikasThe December season is the acid test for any aspiring musician. If they click there, they'll be picked by sabhas to perform during the rest of the yearFor a beginner, the name and reputation of the guru will help pitch him/her better to the sabhas. After that initial thrust, it depends on how you market yourself, create goodwill among and ultimately, how you sing T H E W R I T E C H O I C E ! Sahitya Akademi Yuva Puraskar winner and author of books on musicians, Vikram Sampath, on the options available before budding musicians:It helps to have a financial back up in the early days for young musicians too. Financial security also helps to free one's art from the compulsions of using it for a livelihoodContrasting the current Hindustani music scene with Carnatic, the scenario in the latter is more optimistic. All the reigning deities in Carnatic music seem to have a great connect with their audiences.Technology has also enabled a greater reach in teaching, learning and dissemination of Carnatic music.The over emphasis on vocal traditions at the cost of such a rich instrumental potential is a scary proposition - something that the protagonist of my latest book, Dr S Balachander, fought all his life against.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12012362", "title": "Bhujbal woos Sena-RPI to rule NMC", "text": "NASHIK: MNS chief Raj Thackeray , who visited Nashik last weekend after the poll results, had indicated that his party would make efforts to take control of the NMC by saying that the new mayor would be from his party.Sources said that guardian minister of Nashik Chhagan Bhujbal , who holds the PWD portfolio, had indicated that the options for staking claim to come to power in the NMC were open not only to the MNS but also to other political formations like the Congress-NCP and the Sena-BJP, taking into consideration the next Kumbh, tourism projects and ongoing infrastructural projects. The Bhujbal clan has emerged as the most powerful political family of Nashik after Bhujbal senior got re-elected from Yeola, his nephew Sameer got elected as Nashik Lok Sabha MP and son Pankaj got elected as MLA of Nandgaon.Bhujbal has also met RPI leader Ramdas Athawale on Thursday to discuss the power struggle for gaining control of the NMC. He is apparently trying to strike a deal with the Shiv Sena-RPI alliance by offering the mayor's post to an RPI corporator. The RPI has won three seats in the NMC. The power formation contemplated would be NCP-Congress alliance and RPI supported by the Sena to reach the magic figure of 62 in the 122-member NMC. Such a political formation would prevent the MNS to gain control over the NMC, and leave out the BJP, which had contested the civic polls without a pre-poll alliance with the Sena. It is believed that the Sena may think over the proposal to keep out MNS from coming to power in NMC that was controlled by the Sena-BJP.They also pointed out that two years ahead of the 2014 assembly and Lok Sabha polls, if the MNS tied up with the BJP, smaller parties and independents, it was doubtful whether the Congress-NCP ruling the state and central governments would extend full cooperation and financial assistance to the civic body. In case of a political formation of the MNS with NCP, there would conflict of interest as both parties would like to take credit for infrastructural works and arrangements for the Kumbh.In the poll process that completed last week, the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) has emerged as the single-largest party winning 40 seats, but is short of 22 seats to reach the magic figure of 62 to take charge of the NMC. The Congress-NCP alliance together has won 35 seats (Congress 15 and NCP 20) while the Sena won 19 and the BJP 14 seats. The Sena and the BJP that were ruling the previous house had contested the polls separately without any pre-poll alliance. The CPM and the RPI (A) which was the ally of the Sena, won three seats each and the Jan Rajya Party won two seats. There are six independents.The elections saw MNS improve its tally from 12 in the 2007 polls to 40 in 2012, while the Sena's tally declined from 26 to 19. The BJP retained its 14 seats, but the Congress' strength reduced from 21 to 15. The NCP, which had campaigned aggressively under the leadership of Bhujbal, could marginally improve its tally from 17 to 20.A comprehensive development plan for the next Kumbh is being chalked out by the government, which has floated global tenders to appoint consultants with experience of handling mega events. Eight firms have responded and the consultants would be appointed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011375", "title": "Son rise: HC nailed Kripashankar Junior too", "text": "MUMBAI: While former city Congress chief Kripashankar Singh is in the dock for allegedly amassing hundreds of crores worth of disproportionate assets along with his family, it is his son Narendra Kumar Singh who received the most attention from the Bombay High Court. A bench of chief justice Mohit Shah and justice Roshan Dalvi, while directing the city police chief to file an FIR against Kripashankar, devoted five pages of the order to Narendra, the most for any Singh family member.In a damning observation, the court-without actually directing the registration of a money-laundering offence-said money exchanges between Kripashankar and Narendra \"demonstrate only an attempt to create cross entries, the common feature and attribute of money laundering\".The judges found Narendra's \"wealth grossly disproportionate to his own known source of income of Rs 1 lakh (a month) as a pilot\". Narendra quit his pilot's job in the mid-2000s. The court said he gave inflated, misleading and wholly unexplained expenses. \"His income, prima facie, emanates from income and dealings of Kripashankar Singh, his father, who as a public figure would be able to generate such funds, albeit only by illegal means, thus showing the son to be an abettor in criminal prosecution,\" said the judges.The court noted that Narendra says he returned Rs 5.5 crore to Dynamix Realty, but showed no income for the same. When told that Narendra gave Rs 1.4 crore to his wife, the judges asked, \"Is it pocket expense paid by a husband who earns Rs 1 lakh to a wife who earns nothing?\" The judges noted that Narendra would repay banks partly, but private individuals fully and, while owning four residential premises, paid Rs 1.15 crore for another.Narendra was a Jet Airways pilot who trained in the US and, on his \"modest income, he had taken a Rs 60 lakh loan from Standard Chartered Bank for (the) purchase of one flat\". Any other prospective loan applicant would have to produce solid proof of security. The HC observed, \"It is not known what was the security given to the bank or income shown.\"The Singh name easily secured bank loans for Narendra, who also got Rs 38 crore from private firms, companies and developers with no specific purpose shown. ICICI Bank loaned him Rs 8 crore on a mortgage for his Bandra bungalow. He got a Rs 21 lakh loan for his BMW, which is then shown as sold for Rs 22 lakh. \"We wonder when the loan was taken and repaid?\" the court asked. Narendra got a second loan of Rs 43 lakh from the same bank for another BMW. He also sold for Rs 1 crore a flat whose ownership was never shown. He \"returned\" large amounts to \"various family members\". The HC noted that the \"Income Tax department report speaks eloquently of such dubious transactions, of huge unsecured loans from builders beyond business rationale and large interest-free loans and gifts from friends and associates\".\"What could a pilot of Jet Airways have to do with so many individuals and private firms for extensive loans taken without any apparent reason?\" the court asked. The flat at Oceanic Park (Bandra West), valued at Rs 63 lakh, for which a Rs 60 lakh loan was taken from Standard Chartered Bank, was sold at a loss for Rs 50 lakh, the court said. Only Rs 40 lakh was returned to the bank. \"What is not known or shown is when was the flat sold, to whom, when was the loan repaid,\" the court said. Narendra's bungalow was valued at Rs 3 crore, but he took a Rs 8 crore loan for it and two other flats valued at Rs 62 lakh. The judges asked if a Jet Airways pilot could afford to own these four properties worth Rs 9 crore. They added, \"We wonder whether he paid even society charges of these properties from his salary income.\"The judges also found incredible that articles in Narendra's bungalow were shown to be worth Rs 1 crore, but his bank accounts showed a \"credit balance of not more than (a) few thousand rupees, with one account having zero balance\". The court was told that Narendra's household expenses rose from a total of Rs 1 lakh from 2002 to 2005 to Rs 27 lakh from 2006 to 2010.After going through Narendra's various properties and transactions, the HC said, \"Unlike his mother (who deals in gold and silver futures), Narendra trades in loans and advances of outlandish amounts with various parties, none of who are questioned, interviewed or interrogated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12013001", "title": "Dubbed terror mastermind without any proof", "text": "NEW DELHI: At the age of 18, he had allegedly planted as many as 28 bombs in Delhi and NCR, that too single-handedly in all but one instance. Mohammad Amir Khan had, therefore, been implicated in 19 cases, charged with serious offences such as murder and waging war against the government. Yet, after spending 14 years in jail, he was released last month after being acquitted in all but two cases.Though the courts have been acquitting him since 2001, the prosecution has so far not filed an appeal in any of them. Police officials told TOI they had no plans to appeal even against the last of the acquittals , tacitly admitting that they have no real evidence against Amir in any of those 17 cases. And yet they had no hesitation in projecting Amir as the mastermind of the serial blasts of 1996-97.Amir and his counsel, human rights lawyer N D Pancholi, are optimistic about the appeals before the Delhi high court against the two convictions. A close reading of the judgments shows that the evidence cited against Amir in the two cases in which he has been convicted is as flawed as the 17 in which he has been acquitted, either by the trial court or the high court.All the 19 cases are critically based on the testimonies of two witnesses, both of whom have completely contradicted the prosecution version. Chander Bhan, who was then a tea stall owner in Chandni Chowk, denied the police claim that he had accompanied them, along with Amir, to an alleged bomb factory in Pilakhua run by co-accused Mohammad Shakeel.Worse, Bhan deposed in the court that he had never even seen either of the two accused.Key witnesses contradicted cops on AmirThe other crucial witness cited by the police, Abdul Sattar , who is the owner of the factory premises, denied that he had ever seen Amir visiting Shakeel in Pilakhua. Much to the police's embarrassment, Sattar also denied that any explosive ingredients had been recovered in his presence from a textile printing unit run by Shakeel.Thus, by \"turning hostile\" , Bhan and Sattar have left a gaping hole in the prosecution story on how the bombs had been sourced by Amir. As if that were not bad enough, the scores of other witnesses cited by the police for the blast sites did not help sustain the prosecution version.While admitting their presence on the blast spot, most of the witnesses claimed to have not seen the person who had placed the bomb. As a corollary, they denied having seen Amir anywhere near any of the blast sites. Even the few who claimed to have seen the person planting the bomb either asserted that Amir was not the same person or their identification of Amir was found doubtful by the court.Not surprisingly, the Delhi high court, while overturning his conviction in a Karol Bagh blast, observed that \"the prosecution has miserably failed to adduce any evidence to connect the accused appellant with the charges framed, much less prove them.\" So, how did the police go so wrong in implicating Amir, after he had been touted as a breakthrough in the investigation of the serial blasts?The investigators insist that regardless of the outcome of the court cases, they had caught the \"right man.\" When contacted by TOI, they had no explanation for the mismatch between their version and the testimonies of their own witnesses. They take refuge in the fact that these low-intensity blasts relate to the six-year interregnum between two terror laws, TADA and POTA. The officers claim to have zeroed in on Amir on the basis of telephone intercepts, but there's no scope for them to use that as evidence under the ordinary criminal law. Similarly, his alleged disclosure to the police is also not admissible in evidence in the absence of a terror law.As a result, the police could not bring up before the courts that Amir's disclosures had helped them bust other terror modules across the country. For the police, what is even more ironic is that Amir is off the hook even as six Pakistanis have been convicted in a 2001 case for plotting to secure his release by kidnapping VIPs such as cricketers Sachin Tendulkar and Sourav Ganguly and former President A P J Abdul Kalam .The judgments, however, point to loose ends left by the police in the multitude of cases they had brought against Amir. Here are some examples of shoddy investigation: In a blast inside a bus near Amba Cinema in February 1997, a witness claimed to have seen Amir plant the bomb. However, not only was his statement recorded a year and a half after the incident , it was found that he gave no description of that person and identified the person as Amir only after he was shown Amir in custody.In the same case, the witness also contradicted himself by saying that the person who had planted the bomb also alighted from the bus still holding the packet he believed to be the bomb. The court observed, \"No reliance can be placed on the sole testimony of this witness.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12010911", "title": "Umaria\u2019s murdered scribe was involved in kidnapping: DGP", "text": "BHOPAL: It is official: Umaria journalist Chandrika Rai, who was found brutally murdered along with his wife and two children, was involved in the abduction of a seven-year-old son of a government official, according to the state police chief.Talking to TOI, DGP SK Raut sid the case has now been cracked. `` Our investigation has revealed that Chandrika Rai was involved in the abduction of the child. Those we have detained for interrogation for the journalist's murder, have confessed to the kidnapping,'' he said.Raut, however added that since confessional statements alone cannot secure a conviction, the cops are working on legally tenable evidence.DGP Raut said five persons were being interrogated in the case, though none has been officially arrested as of Thursday evening.Police say the murder was linked to the hefty ransom taken for the release of the abducted boy Anant, son of PWD sub-divisional officer Hemant Jhariya.Police sources said Rai was murdered because the boy's abductors had doubts about the exact amount of ransom money that was cornered for the boy's release, and its sharing led to the massacre at Rai's home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12013420", "title": "Age, disability no bar for voters in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: The industrial city on the fifth polling day of assembly elections undoubtedly witnessed huge turnout of voters. Interestingly, apart from the first-timers, women, Muslim and eunuch voters, a large number of physically challenged voters too came out to vote on Thursday. Several old and physically challenged voters also reached their respective polling stations. All claimed \"every vote counts\".Full of enthusiasm and zeal, the differently abled voters insisted that they wanted inclusion, not charity. However, they never shied of asking for help to cast their vote. They also hogged limelight of the media at every polling booth.Talking to TOI, Shruti and Gore, the sister duo suffering from genetic disorder said though they do not come out of their home on other occasions owing to their ailment, the will to exercise their democratic right forced them to come to the polling booth. This sister duo also urged several locals of their area to vote.While, great enthusiasm and zeal could be seen in 89-year-old Abu Ali, a resident of Chamanganj, who came to his nearest polling booth along with his grandson to cast his vote. Braving the heat, the elderly man waited patiently for more than half-an-hour for his turn. Javed, his grandson, informed that his 'dadaji' even skipped breakfast to come and cast vote as early as possible.\"Its mentioned in our holy book that we must worship first and then eat. Development and nation are like a worship to me and that is why I decided to vote before taking taking breakfast,\" added Abu with huge satisfaction in his eyes.The smile on 93-year-old Saraswati Devi's face indicated that she was happy to have performed her duty towards her nation. This energetic old woman came with her whole family to the polling booth and refused to sit on a chair till the time she cast her vote. Taking lessons from the brave act of the 'dadi', several voters who were going back to their home after viewing the long queues and hot afternoon came back to the booth.The locals of K-Block, Kidwai Nagar constituency, were ready to leave the booth due to long queue and hot weather. But, they returned after watching 96-year-old Hiranath Goswami, locally called 'dadu', standing in the heat for his chance to cast vote.Talking to TOI, Meethu Goswami, daughter-in-law of 'dadu', expressed her happiness that three generations of her family had come to vote. \"I will treasure this day as one of the special days of my life,\" said Meethu, while clicking the picture of the family outside the polling booth.The efforts of Pushpa and Buddhsen Mishra were also worth mentioning. They allowed others to cast vote while they stayed at the booth to encourage and motivate people. The happiness of youth and first-time voters, who gathered around this elderly couple and discussed political trend, could not hide their admiration. Giving his valuable suggestion to the young generation, Buddhsen said: \"I only expect a positive change and nothing else.\" Pushpa Devi said she was there at the polling booth as \"It is our duty.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12013805", "title": "Suspense in AIADMK over deputy mayor poll", "text": "COIMBATORE: Though the election for deputy mayor for Coimbatore Corporation is just four days away, speculations are rife in the ruling AIADMK as party supremo J Jayalalithaa is yet to reveal her choice for the coveted post. As the AIADMK enjoys a sweeping majority in the corporation council, the candidate who gets the chief minister's mandate is certain to get elected.The election, scheduled for Monday, assumes significance as it was necessitated following removal of then deputy mayor N Chinnadurai on the grounds that he was the nominee of MRP Ravanan, a relative of Jayalaithaa's estranged friend Sasikalaa Natarajan. Chinnadurai was forced to resign within a couple of days of both Jayalalithaa and Sasikalaa parting ways.According to party insiders, Jayalalithaa's trusted lieutenant K A Sengottaiyan has proposed senior councillor P Rajkumar for the post but that submission failed to win the support of mayor S M Velusamy. The mayor is not in good terms with Rajkumar and it was he who vetoed Rajkumar's elevation to the post. Moreover, Rajkumar is presently the chairman of north cone of the corporation and the party will have to find someone to replace him if he is to take on as deputy mayor. Both Velusamy and Rajkumar are from the same Gounder community, which is another handicap for Rajkumar.Rajkumar was floor leader in the previous corporation council and he was elected from ward number 46 this time with a thumping majority. A post-graduate in mass communication with a law degree, Rajkumar had earned a reputation as a competent councillor when DMK-Congress combine was in power by effectively resisting the regime for its alleged corruption.As a second choice, Sengottaiyan has proposed senior leader R Prabhakaran for the deputy mayor post. Prabhakaran is presently chairman of finance and taxation committee of the corporation and his removal from that crucial post would not be a wise move according to several district leaders.As the party has a few choices, sources in AIADMK are pointing to the possibility of S Balan, councillor of ward 62, as a consensus candidate. Apart from being a senior leader, Balan is deputy secretary of MGR Mandram. Meanwhile, Venthaamarai Balu of ward number 44 is also making attempts to claim the post, banking on his capacity as district secretary of Jaya Peravai, a youth movement that supports the chief minister. Senior councillors C N Ranganathan (ward 55) and M manimaran (ward 97) are also being considered for the post. AIADMK sources confirmed that Jayalalithaa plans to announce the candidate by Saturday evening. They denied the rumor that Chinnadaurai would return to the post as he has patched up with the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "jewar (greater noida)", "code": "12012105", "title": "It was a show of hands at Congress rally in Jewar", "text": "JEWAR (GREATER NOIDA): Even though Rahul Gandhi's rally was scheduled for 1.30pm, the crowd had started gathering since early morning with his supporters sporting Congress flags and caps. Not just them, even farmers, the elderly, students and youngsters reached the venue at 8am just to hear the Congress scion speak.When Rahul arrived and said, \"It is time for a change,\" most believed him and clapped enthusiastically. \"We have been trailing Rahul Gandhi since he first came to Jewar last year during the farmers' agitation. We are his fans and truly believe that the elephant needs to be shooed away,\" said Yogesh Bhardwaj, a student from Dankaur. \"Uttar Pradesh desperately needs a change. We believe that Rahulji can bring about that change,\" said Vikas Shaivach, another student.The fact that they had to wait for hours before Rahul reached the rally ground did not faze Vikas and several hundred others like him. Their \"favourite\" leader did not disappoint. With his starched white kurta sleeves rolled up, the day old stubble in place, and his newly-adopted angry young man image in place, Rahul waved to the crowds, ribbed them with jokes and, above all, talked about the need for a revamp of the state. \"The people of UP need jobs, education for their children and medical facilities. For long they have acted as the invisible force behind the development in other states like Delhi, Maharashtra and Assam. It is time that the youth take charge of their state and make room for change,\" he said.\"Give us a chance to form the government and in five years the state will change. In the next ten years, UP will be beyond recognition,\" he said and the crowd roared in affirmation. \"The elephant has lost its footing and only the hand can redeem the state. After all, the hand is to be used for reading, writing and working,\" said Vimlesh Devi, a housewife from Saboda village in Jewar.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12012806", "title": "Civic panel rejects move to hike octroi rates", "text": "PUNE: The standing committee of Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Thursday rejected the administration's proposal to reintroduce octroi on domestic LPG and increase octroi charges on different other commodities.\"We have rejected the proposal, ruling out chances of a rise in prices of domestic LPG, petrol, dieasel and food items,\" committee chairman Ganesh Bidkar said at a news conference.The civic administration had proposed reintroduction of octroi at the rate of Rs 2.5 on LPG cylinders, besides an increase in octroi on various other commodities. It would have resulted in an increase in prices of domestic LPG, which was exempt from octroi.The administration also proposed a Re 1 per litre increase in octroi on key commodities, including petrol and diesel, where the current rate is Rs 2 per litre. For pulses and foodgrains, increase of 50 paise and 20 paise per 10 kg, respectively, were proposed.Other suggestions included octroi on vegetable oil from Rs 2.5 to Rs 3 per 10 litre; on furniture, from Rs 3.5 to Rs 4 per piece; and on drugs and medicine almost double the present rate.No hike was proposed in taxes on water, property and precious metals like silver and gold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "12012600", "title": "Bicholim's tough call: Match the face to the party", "text": "BICHOLIM: Most names are the same, but they're wearing new banners for the 2012 polls. As Bicholim's voters queue up to elect their representative on March 3, they'll find that two-time BJP MLA Rajesh Patnekar is now representing the hand, Congressman Naresh Sawal is contesting as an independent, and Pandurang Raut who contested as Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party's candidate in 2007 and stood third, is now representing the All India Trinamool Congress. Manohar Shirodkar of the BJP, a grassroots worker, appears to be the only 'original' party man.But even as four are in the fray, analysts say it's a three-way battle between Patnekar, Sawal and Shirodkar. With Patnekar quitting the BJP for the Congress, it's anyone's guess if the saffron party and its alliance partner for this poll, the MGP, will retain the constituency that is considered their stronghold.Speaking to TOI Patnekar said, \"As a BJP MLA for over nine years, over six years of which I was in the opposition, I was humiliated whenever I sought development and employment opportunities for the residents of my constituency. This is why I joined the Congress.\" He is hoping for a hat-trick and is \"confident that the people of Bicholim will stand by me\".Sawal, who built the Congress base in Bicholim and who has been able to retain the support of most local Congress workers, accused Patnekar of zero development in the constituency. Sawal said people will elect him for the overall development of Bicholim constituency.Pointing out that he had represented the constituency twice and even became a minister, Raut told TOI, \"During my tenure I prepared a master plan for Bicholim which has been untouched for the last decade. Except for me, no one has been able to solve the unemployment issue, and looking at my work and my vision for Bicholim, people have decided to elect me.\"Shirodkar, whose campaign has slowly picked up pace in the constituency, said people have seen how because of illegal mining promoted by the \"corrupt Congress government\" people have become dons while the common man has suffered. On the other hand people have seen BJP's reign too. \"I have been a successful councillor for the last 10 years and people have seen my development and my good ideology. If Goa has to be saved then people have to elect the BJP,\" he said. He added, tellingly, that his fight is not with Patnekar or Sawal, \"my fight is with health minister (and Valpoi MLA) Vishwajit Rane\".Sawal too echoed Shirodkar claiming \"the Rane family is always against the development of Bicholim and people of Bicholim are aware of this\". The statements are significant as Rane is considered Patnekar's mentor, engineering his jump from the BJP into the Congress.Analysts say votes in the Bicholim municipal area are divided between the BJP, Congress and the independent candidate, and each claims to have the upper hand. While this has been true for a long while for the BJP in the urban area of the constituency, the last municipal election changed the equation. BJP supporters who faced a defeat at the civic poll are divided in Bicholim. Congress, on the other hand, is enjoying the comeback to power at the municipality. Analysts say the same forces that played key roles in the municipal poll, will work against Patnekar, while backing the former Congressman, Sawal. At the village panchayat level, the constituency has Sal, Mencurem-Dumacem, Advalpal, Latambarcem and Mulgao. Analysts say that though the Congress and Sawal have an upper hand in the VPs, BJP is not too far behind.The fact that the delimitation exercise barely changed the demographics of this constituency works well for all candidates, although Patnekar will have to face the anti-Congress mood. Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011285", "title": "ASI poses as labourer, foils attempt to rob CNG pump", "text": "NEW DELHI: An assistant sub-inspector posed as a labourer as cops laid a trap in the Delhi Cantt area after receiving a tip-off about a robbery plan in the locality. The cop roamed around trying to overhear the conversation of people standing near a railway crossing and was finally able to identify the group as they were busy discussing their plan to rob a CNG pump.The operation, which lasted for about half an hour, not only foiled the robbery attempt but also led to the arrest of six robbers and detention of two juveniles. Several pistols and revolvers, live cartridges and a Ford Ikon used during robberies were recovered from them. The cops also recovered around Rs 2.9 lakh that was part of the booty. One stolen Honda City and a motorcycle purchased with the looted money have also been found.DCP (Southwest), A K Ojha, said that the operation started after a manager of a tour and travels company was robbed on his way to distribute the salary of his employees at Palam on January 17. All seven were interrogated, revealing that they used to commit petty offences earlier and, only recently, started committing robberies to fund their expensive lifestyle, cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12013914", "title": "Fishermen attacks: HC seeks details of cases registered by cops", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court, on Thursday directed the state government to produce details of the cases registered by the Tamil Nadu police, relating to the recent attacks on Indian fishermen when they were fishing in the waters between India and Sri Lanka .The court was hearing a batch of petitions seeking various relief measures to prevent the killing of the Indian fishermen. When the matter came up for hearing before the bench comprising Justice Chitra Venkataraman and Justice Karuppiah, one of the petitioner's counsel Peter Ramesh Kumar pointed out that even while the writ petitions are pending in the court, more number of fishermen was attacked and killed in the Indian territory. All the attacks on fishermen from October 14, 2011 have taken place in Indian territory, he said.Additional solicitor general, M Ravindran contended that after the court had passed an interim order to enhance security measures, there were no attacks in the Indian territory. \"The fishermen who went fishing did not give us any distress calls, therefore we have to presume that the attacks took place in Sri Lankan waters,\" he said. He further said that in case of distress calls, the naval boats and aircraft would have rushed within 10 minutes to the rescue of the fishermen. The attacks could have done by the Sri Lankan fishermen who were irked by the Indian fishermen using prohibited fishing nets.Advocate general A Navaneethakrishnan said the stand of the state government was that the livelihood of Tamil Nadu fishermen should be given paramount importance and their lives should be protected. He also underlined that it is mandatory for the Indian Coast Guard to give protection to these fishermen and their property. He further said that the international maritime boundary line itself should be redrawn to help the Indian fishermen to fish without any problem.The judges adjourned the matter for further hearing on April 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12012284", "title": "Velrasu likely to be new NMC chief", "text": "NASHIK: District collector P Velrasu is likely to take charge of the Nashik Municipal Corporation as its commissioner. He has been holding additional charge of the civic body after B D Sanap's controversial tenure ended with a transfer ahead of the corporation polls.Velrasu is likely to be replaced by P Anbalgam, the current district collector of the neighbouring Ahmednagar district.The other name doing the rounds for the post of municipal commissioner was that of Prajakta Lavangare, the state director-general of information and public relation. However, due to personal reasons, sources said she is unlikely to take up the offer.Velrasu, an IAS officer from the 2002 Maharashtra cadre, has been holding the Nashik district collector's post from February 2009. He has served in Aurangabad and Nanded as an assistant collector and also sub-divisional officer. He was also the chief executive officer of the Parbhani zilla parishad. Prior to taking over the Nashik collectorate, he was the project manager of Jalswaraj Project based out of Navi Mumbai.Anbalgam, an IAS officer from the 2001 Maharashtra cadre, has bachelor's degree in veterinary science and post graduation in dairy science and nutrition. He was assistant collector and sub-divisional magistrate of Karad from August 2003 to August 2004, chief executive officer of Nandurbar zilla parishad from August 2004 to November 2007 and has been the Ahmednagar district collector since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011637", "title": "Gulbarg webcast to mark riot anniversary", "text": "MUMBAI: Three days from now on February 27, the nation will mark the tenth anniversary of the 2002 Godhra train fire in which around 58 pilgrims returning from Ayodhya were killed, and the bloody communal riots that followed the next day.Activists in Mumbai will organize a live webcast of the commemoration that will take place at the Ahmedabad housing society where former MP Ehsan Jafri and others lost their lives.A few organizations have come together to set up the webcast at St Xavier's College auditorium at 6pm on Monday evening. \"Artistes, intellectuals and activists will join riot victims at Gulbarg society in Ahmedabad and pay homage to those who were killed or went missing. There will be a 'Wailing Wall' where names of missing people will be listed and also an exhibition of photographs of the riots,\" said convenor Javed Anand of the NGO Citizens for Justice and Peace.Javed's wife, activist Teesta Setalvad, will attend the memorial at Gulbarg society where singer Shubha Mudgal will present a musical tribute to the audience comprising riot victims and witnesses. People who suffered during the communal riots will recount the horrors of February 28, 2002.The judges who had formed a citizens' tribunal to look into the Gujarat riots including Justices V R Krishna Iyer, P B Sawant and Hosbet Suresh have pledged their support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hura (purulia)", "code": "12013217", "title": "Three generations of a family to face Madhyamik", "text": "HURA (PURULIA): Four members of the same family appearing for the Class-X board exams? Nothing very unique in this till one goes through the profile of the candidates. One of them is a 38-year-old woman, the second her 42-year-old aunt-in-law, the third her son and the fourth her aunt-in-law's daughter. The three women will be appearing for the madrassah board examinations while the boy will be taking his Madhyamik exams.In fact, this is a story that any literacy campaign can highlight.can inspire any person. the literacy mission can highlight.It began two years ago when 15-year-old Mrityunjoy Karmakar returned from hostel, during his vacation, to the Amlatora village in the Maguria area of Hura. A student of the Chandidas High School in Bankura's Chhatra, he asked his mother Damayanti to join school instead of whiling away her time at home.why she whiles away her time idly. The boy insisted that his mother join school.The only school in the area was the Hura Muzaffar Ahmed Academy, a madrassah. Moved by her son's appeal, Damayanti approached headmaster Ahmadullah Ansari. The headmaster was ready to enrol her in Class-IX, provided she attended classes regularly. The woman returned home and convinced her aunt-in-law Chaina to join the madrassah too. Chaina's daughter Manasi was already a Class-IX student there.\"Admission was never an issue. Many families from the Maguri area send their children to the madrassah as this is the only school in the area. Nearly 65% students in this madrassah are Hindus.My only criterion for admission is that the candidate has to attend classes regularly,\" Ansari said.In the next couple of years, Chaina and Damayanti studied hard and their names were registered in the list of candidates appearing for the Class-X exams in 2012. Manasi will be appearing with them while Mrityunjoy will be appearing from Bankura.The Karmakars are agriculturists and live in a joint family. Chaina's husband Biswanath tends to the fields along with his elder brother, (Damayanti's father-in-law). \"We want our family members to study. We would have studied ourselves but somebody has to tend to the fields,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016188", "title": "Don't call me madam, says Sonakshi Sinha", "text": "Sonakshi Sinha doesn't take too kindly to the 'madam' tag. She prefers people on the set addressing her by her first name.In fact, she also makes it a point to walk up to everyone on set - spot boys et al - and ask for their names. She believes everyone should be treated equally and that she shouldn't get special treatment just because she's a star.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12012856", "title": "New fire-fighting vehicle for city", "text": "PUNE: A fire-fighting vehicle called an aerial ladder platform (ALP) bought by the fire brigade department of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) arrived in the city on Wednesday night. The ALP can reach a height of 70 metres and would help fight fire in high-rise buildings.\"We had ordered the vehicle nearly six months ago and it arrived on Wednesday night. At present, it has been kept at the Bhavani Peth fire brigade station,\" said Pravin Ashtikar, deputy municipal commissioner, who handles the charge of the fire brigade department.He said the vehicle is one of the most sophisticated ones available for fire-fighting in the state. Other than Pune, only Mumbai has a similar vehicle. \"Both the cities had given the order at the same time. The Rs13-crore ALP has been procured from Finland,\" Ashtikar added.He said that as of now, the fire brigade department has a vehicle with a ladder that can reach a height of 42 metres, but it is under repairs. Another vehicle, with a capacity to reach a height of 32 metres, has become outdated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12013250", "title": "Exclusive screen for documentaries, short films in Nandan", "text": "KOLKATA: The city is poised to be the first in Asia to reserve a permanent screening venue for short films and documentaries. Starting with award-winning 'Wagah' and 'Bilal', Nandan II-the 200-seater auditorium at the cultural hub - is all set to screen only non-feature films.Though a formal decision is expected next week, Nandan chief executive officer Jadav Mondal and Roopkala Kendro director and chief executive Haranath Chakraborty confirmed the development. Chakraborty said Nandan chairman Sandip Ray was instrumental behind the decision. However, Ray could not be contacted.The idea cropped up during the 17th Kolkata International Film Festival when the trio witnessed a good turnout for documentaries and short films. \"We realized that an audience exists for non-feature films. But there was no scope to exhibit these films other than at festivals. Hence, we got working on dedicating a theatre to develop the culture of watching documentaries,\" recounted Chakraborty.According to sources, not only will the venue enable documentary and short filmmakers to release their works commercially, Nandan authorities may also allow sale of DVDs at the venue. Also, Nandan will support the directors by sharing part of the box office revenues.Nandan I, the main theatre with nearly 1,000 seats, has regular shows of commercial feature films. But Nandan II is under-utilized with venue hired out to cine-clubs for screening.Filmmakers are delighted at the prospect of an exclusive non-feature film theatre. \"A permanent address for short and documentary films means a lot to us because the kind of films we make is unlikely to be released in commercial theatres. Not only will we get a space to showcase our work, a section of audience who want to see such films will also have a venue. Till now, our films were viewed overseas but rarely seen by the audience at home,\" said Sourav Sarangi, whose film Bilal has won numerous international awards.He hopes the initiative is a long-term one and not cut short by authorities if some movies do not draw big audiences from the very beginning. Sarangi further suggests that Nandan authorities should try to develop Nandan II as an international venue for non-feature films.\"Nationally, there are filmmakers like Anand Patwardhan, Amar Kanwar, RV Ramani and Rakesh Sharma whose works should be showcased along with international filmmakers,\" he added.Supriyo Sen, whose latest film Wagah has won 32 international awards, including Berlin and Bilbao , said the move would go a great way in inculcating the culture of releasing documentary films in the country. \"In 2003, my documentary 'Way Back Home on Partition of India' was screened in Nandan II for two weeks. But the authorities did not persist with the initiative. Hopefully, it will be different this time,\" he said.Ananya Chatterjee and Josy Joseph , both award-winning filmmakers, also welcomed the move. While the former said it would bust the perception that people do not see documentaries, the latter hoped the government would not apply a double-censor policy. \"Documentaries generally take a stand and are critical. Criticism of the state should not be taken as a criticism of party in power. Once cleared by censor board, a documentary should be screened even if it is inconvenient for the regime,\" said Joseph, whose film 'One Day From A Hangman's Life' was yanked out of Nandan after the second day's screening in 2005 on the order of then CM Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12011767", "title": "Prepaid power meters in Hyderabad soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: To prevent pilferage of power, the Central Power Distribution Company Limited (CPDCL) is contemplating to install prepaid electric meters in the city. Once this is done, consumers will have to recharge their connection like mobile recharge for using power whenever balance reaches a minimum value.CPDCL has already installed 102 such prepaid meters along with 600 radio frequency (RF) meters in Prakashnagar area of Begumpet a few months ago on a pilot basis, which has been yielding good results. Sources said the prepaid meters would be introduced soon in areas where power pilferage is more in Hyderabad and other districts in CPDCL's jurisdiction.Officials said the meters have communication-enabled features and are available in two variants. The first category meters are RF-enabled and connected to CPDCL servers. It records any discrepancy in usage of power through the meters. The second variant has 'making and breaking' feature, in which power can be disconnected automatically without human involvement. These meters can be used in post-paid or pre-paid mode and can detect power pilferage. These meters would automatically send data on receiving RF signal and can be connected to the hand-held machines to generate bills.The CPDCL had purchased 702 such meters from ECIL on the advice of the Centre under the 'Advanced Metering Infrastructure' mandate and installed in Prakashnagar six months ago.Energy audit wing officials claim Miralam, Yakutpura, Charminar, Santoshnagar, Karwan, Bhavaninagar, Golconda and Sitarambagh areas are high power pilferage locations. In areas like Miralam, there were instances of mob attacks on CPDCL staff when they went to arrest the power thieves or correct the meters in 2010.\"CPDCL has suffered losses worth about Rs 300 crore in the last fiscal alone due to power theft in Hyderabad (south) that covers the Old City,\" a senior CPDCL official said.The CPDCL's Vigilance and Security wing has been booking several cases of pilferage in the city. In 2011, the vigilance wing registered 1,850 power theft cases in Hyderabad (south), 364 in Hyderabad (central) and 359 cases in Hyderabad (north). Similarly, penalties were collected from 1,933 consumers, including old cases from pilferers in south circle. Incidentally, the number of power theft cases was more in 2010, 2,762 cases in Hyderabad (south) and penalties collected in 3,009 cases. The number of pilferage cases in other circles of the city was 874 cases in Hyderabad (central) and 1,489 cases in Hyderabad (north).\"CPDCL has booked 23,472 cases of power pilferage in its jurisdiction, which covers 11 circles and seven districts last year and collected penalties to the tune of Rs 5.81 crore in 69,383 cases in 2011,\" CPDCL, vigilance and security wing, superintendent of police (SP) K Muralidhar Rao told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12012656", "title": "Minister Babulal charged with abusing BJP politico", "text": "JAIPUR: A city court here has directed the Sanganer Sadar police to investigate a complaint in which a politician from Dausa has alleged that dairy development minister Babulal Nagar abused him using extremely foul language over the phone. The court has asked the police to submit a report by March 15 before filing an FIR in the case.Dudu BJP block's vice president Dinesh Sharma approached the judicial metropolitan magistrate number 26 court alleging that the minister called him on his mobile phone. Sharma claimed to have recorded the conversation in which Nagar had used derogatory language. Nagar was allegedly infuriated because Sharma had criticized him in front of another man. In the recorded conversation, Nagar allegedly threatened Sharma, who said he had already approached Muhana police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12012414", "title": "Sada attack: 5 IRB personnel booked", "text": "VASCO: Five jawans of the Indian Reserve Battalion (IRB) have been booked by Vasco police in connection with the assault on some local residents at Jetty, Sada, on Wednesday night.In the scuffle at the Jetty, Sada, about seven locals, including three women and a minor boy, were injured according to a complaint lodged by the locals blaming IRB jawans from Uttarakhand (and not CRPF jawans as reported) for the unruly behaviour.At about 10.30pm on Wednesday, Ganesh Gad, the owner of a bus named 'Prashant' rushed out of his house on hearing that someone had broken the front mirror of his bus parked 70 m from the house where the jawans had gathered.Gad said he was attacked when he questioned them about the broken glass.There was an altercation when other members of the Gad family rushed to the spot but the family members alleged that they too were assaulted.When large number of people from the jetty went to the police station, the police detained five jawans.PI Rahul Parab said that investigations are in progress and that a medical report was awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12016510", "title": "CBSE sample papers: Practice everyday to master accounts", "text": "JAIPUR: Concentrated packets of meaningful study are better than long hours of fiddling, says Ankit Parasrampuria, who is known for solving complex accounting questions much before than his classmates.A student of Class XII Maharaja Sawai Man Singh School, Ankit is eyeing a 10 CGPA (Cumulative Grade Point Average) in accounting. Along with accounts, economics is his other favourite subject as he says both are reasoning based.Sharing his exam strategy, Ankit says it's very important to practice test papers everyday. \"This prepares one for the main exams, and keeps last-minute stress at bay,\" he reasons.Making a short summary of each chapter containing all important adjustments helps. Revise the summary during exam time instead of attempting too many sample papers.The subject is divided into two sections with a weightage of 60 and 20 marks respectively. \"Section A contains 16 questions, most of which are long answer questions that demand patience and full attention while attempting,\" says Ankit, and stresses on reading the one and 4 mark questions carefully as they are the trickiest.\"It is important to present rough work neatly as it leaves a good impression on teachers,\" he says, and adds that it's better to cross-check the calculations if one has enough time at the end.Ankit aspires to become an economist of Amartya Sen's stature. To realize his dream, Ankit first wants to get admission in to one of the best colleges in the country. \"I am looking at Delhi University to pursue bachelor's degree and then possibly aim for a seat in a reputed foreign university for my masters,\" he says confidently.\"But for that I have to get the best score of my life,\" he adds. He warns against nervousness over the humungous syllabus, and instead suggests approaching one topic at a time.Also, it's equally important to remain calm and cool during exam time. \"Try and be positive. I have been following the tradition of binging on a pizza before every exam since Class X,\" he says.During exams, Ankit enjoys extra care and attention from his parents. \"They treat me like a prince. My mother serves me delicious food, while father gives me a little extra pocket money to splurge during exams,\" he admits.He says he is fortunate to have supportive parents who never pressurize him to get perfect scores everytime. \"They always taught me not to take any exam as a life and death situation. Also, they don't pose too many restrictions on watching television or using cellphone,\" he says.Sunita AldrinMaharaja Sawai Man Singh VidyalayaGURU GYANTIPS FOR CLASS XII ACCOUNTANCYTo gain confidence and learn better time management solve CBSE Sample question papers.Accountancy papers tend to be lengthy. Learn to time yourself; solve at least one paper every day to build sufficient speed.The paper is divided into three sections-A, B and C- of which Section A carries 60 marks and is compulsory. Students have to attempt only one section from B &amp; C.Make short notes of important points and concepts for last minute revision. Working notes are important and you must prepare them neatly. Solve past years' Board papers to be familiar with the type of questions asked.Go through comprehensive problems and solve them completely. Don't just read the illustrations.Proper format and narration are essential.In the 15 minutes allotted for reading question paper, go through the questions carefully, specifically those with choices and finalize the one you want to do.Do not waste time if you get stuck with any question, attempt it question in the end and proceed with the next question.Be careful and accurate in transferring amount and figure in a systematic manner for easy calculationRemember the 3 C's to crack the exams-- Confidence, concentration and composure", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12013192", "title": "'More purchasing power now'", "text": "Former managing director of Maruti Group Jagdish Khattar , who was in the city on Thursday, said, \"Purchasing power of people has increased manifold and they buy cars that equal their annual salary package. Earlier, first time buyers who used to look for starting segment of cars now like to buy cars from relatively higher segment.''Students pray before boards: The Class XII students of BVM School, Udham Singh Nagar, sought the blessings of almighty to perform well in their board examinations on Thursday.They performed a 'havan' while their juniors from Class XI extended their warm wishes to their seniors through a fabulous farewell party, laced with a cultural performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "12012950", "title": "Dog poisoned as it could've foiled bid", "text": "MOHALI: The shocking day-light robbery on Wednesday could have been easily averted had the victim family's four-year-old labrador been alive. This alert pet had never allowed Raju, one the accused, to enter the house.Raju and his wife Pinky, who was working as a maid at the victim's house here in Phase IV for eight months, had brutally attacked Pritam Kaur, 45, a homemaker, with a stick. Following this they ransacked the house and decamped with cash and gold jewellery from the house.\"The dog of the family was the main problem for the accused. He never allowed Raju to enter even the main gate; therefore Pinky killed him by giving poison in milk,\" Saranjit Singh, deputy superintendent of police (headquarters), Mohali, told TOI on Thursday.\"They left the victim in a pool of blood thinking she was dead. Though she is out of danger, her condition is still serious. She was wearing a religious headgear that reduced the impact of the hit,\" stated Singh.However, Mohali police is now groping in the dark, as they actually do not have any information about the accused couple, except for a few basic details. Pinky got the job on recommendation of a family friend and Raju was hired in the factory of Pritam's brother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011914", "title": "Time capsule planned at Borivli college fest", "text": "MUMBAI: Burying your problems and worries now seems possible with the help of a time capsule. Designed by two third-year engineering students of St Francis Institute of Technology, Borivli, as part of their college fest, Iris 2012, the idea behind the project is to invite people's suggestions on things they want to see in 10 years.\"A leather-bound book will be kept on the day of the festival for comments. We will place the book along with pictures and other memorable items in the time capsule and bury it,\" said Shelton Nazareth, one of the designers.The capsule will be unearthed in 2022 at the same fest by the students. \"We will place a Google Maps picture and an environmental report of Mumbai from 2012, photos of prominent locations of Mumbai among other things,\" said Prathamesh Chodankar. The capsule will have a report on the present and future expectations for the city that will be written by three of the institute's professors. The event will be held at the institute on February 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12014002", "title": "Mother, daughter found dead", "text": "MADURAI: In a shocking incident, an 80-year-old woman and her widowed daughter were found dead in their farmhouse at Samayanallur near here, on Thursday.N Alagammal (80) was living in a farmhouse on Vaigai Road in Samayanallur. Her husband, Nagoor Pitchai passed away a few years back. The couple had two daughters Mallika (45) and Selvarani (40) who were married off. Selvarani's husband Selvaraj died few months back and she returned to stay with her mother in Samayanallur.The mother and daughter were staying in the house and involved in farm work. Under these circumstances, their house was found locked for the last two days and neighbours smelled a foul odour emanating from the house. They broke open the door of the house and found Alagammal and Selvarani lying dead with their throats slit open.According to police sources, the neighbours alerted the VAO, who filed a complaint with the police. Initial investigation revealed that the murders were not for gain since no valuables were taken from the house. Samayanallur police have filed a case and are investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "haibowal", "code": "12013082", "title": "Six strings that keep Aman calm", "text": "HAIBOWAL: If Aman Malhotra did not have to spend his days handling the nitty-gritty of water purifiers' business he would gladly use all of his hours playing the guitar. Strumming the instrument since he was five years old, Aman has made his way into the Limca Book of World Records for playing 39 hours at a stretch.\"Music is in my veins. I was just five when I had started playing the guitar and I could hardly even hold the instrument properly but I was so interested and intent on learning from an uncle who used to play that nothing could stop me,'' said the 31-year-old.As he grew up, Aman began to play at school and college functions. He also made a musical band that used to perform frequently. \"But now that everybody is busy with their own work we don't get enough time,'' he said. Aman describes the year 2008 as the best time for him because he won the Limca record.A man of many talents, Aman has also tried walking the ramp and acted in in TV serials to fulfil his heart's desires. \"Now I am married and I have become father also so there are several responsibilities and it is difficult to pursue music as more than a hobby. But even now, if I am tensed, playing the guitar is what lifts me up,'' he said.Nodding in agreement, his wife Ashu said, \"I like sitting and listening to the tunes he plays.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12013980", "title": "Trade firms organise blood donation camp to protest power crisis", "text": "MADURAI: Demanding the state government to commission the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant and bring an end to the power crisis, various trade and industrial associations organised a blood donation camp here on Thursday.The Tamil Nadu Foodgrains Merchants Association Limited (TNFML), Madurai District Tiny and Small Scale Industries Association (MADITSSIA) and affiliated associations organised the event with the slogan, 'Let's donate blood to save lives - Let's demand power for survival'.\"After the demonstration organised in Coimbatore turned violent, we decided to conduct a demonstration and thought a blood donation camp would send out a powerful message. We are urging the state government to take immediate measures to commission KKNPP so that the present power crisis can be eased to a great extent,\" S Velshankar, secretary of TNFML said.K S Sermapandian, honorary secretary of MADITSSIA said that a lot of people came forward to donate blood to protest against the power crisis. \"About 210 people including association members, students and public volunteered to donate blood. The response was overwhelming and paramedic staff had to limit the number of volunteers after 1 pm,\" he said.Later, N Sivasubramanian, retired senior scientist from ISRO, addressed a public meeting and explained the safety features of KKNPP. The nuclear power plants have been operating in the country since 1963 and high safety measures are applied for both power and test reactors, he said. It is very unfortunate that a few people were stalling the project by their agitation, he added.Inaugurating the public meeting, S P Jayaprakasam, president, TNFML said the present power crisis in the state had taken a heavy toll on trade and industry. The industries, especially small and medium players in the region were unable to cope, he said. The members also insisted that the power crisis be equally borne across the state and that the government should consider increasing the load shedding hours in Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12010746", "title": "Woman held for killing her two minor brothers-in-law", "text": "GURGAON: Mewat police have arrested a woman for killing her two minor brothers-in-law. Their bodies were found in a well on Sunday morning.According to the police, the woman hatched the plan to kill the victims after they came to know about her illicit relationship with a man.The incident took place in the Pinangwan area of ward 4 on Sunday morning. The victims have been identified as eight-year-old Sazid and six-year-old Taslim, sons of Yakub, a resident of Pinangwan.Initially, the family members of the children were unaware of the motive behind the crime. On Wednesday, the case took a new turn when police took the sister-in-law of the victims into custody for interrogation.During the interrogation, the woman broke down and confessed to the crime. On Thursday, the woman, Ayesha (name changed), was arrested.\"The woman confessed that she decided to kill her brothers-in-law after they saw her in a compromising position with a man. She took the children to a well and told them that her slippers had fallen down. When they tried to look down into the well, she pushed them from behind,\" said Anup Singh Dahiya, DSP, Mewat.After this, she came back home and told her family members that the duo has been missing since the afternoon, said the police officer.\"We arrested the accused and produced her in a court on Friday,\" said the police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011311", "title": "HC disposes of monkey menace PIL", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Bench of Bombay high court has disposed of the petition against monkey menace with a suggestion to Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) officials not to relax and continue to take vigilant steps if aggrieved citizens approach them again.A division bench comprising justices PB Majmudar and Prasanna Varale arrived at the decision after civic body filed an affidavit stating that they had caught 44 monkeys who were proving to be a menace in the area. State forest department and NMC assured the court that they will remain vigilant and attend citizens' grievances. The respondents said that they were successful in scaling down the threat perception among Bharat Nagar residents from these creatures.Earlier, government pleader Nitin Sambre informed the court that till now forest department team has caught 44 monkeys from Bharat Nagar and released them several kilometres away in the jungles near Ramtek.The public interest litigation ( PIL) had been filed by Bharat Nagar Nagrik Mandal praying for directions to corporation to end the nuisance. SS Sanyal represented the petitioners. During last hearing, the court had blasted the civic body for its failure to control the monkey menace, particularly in Bharat Nagar, stating that no serious cognisance was being taken by officials even as people were dying. TOI was the first to report how Bharat Nagar residents were living in constant fear of monkeys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12012659", "title": "Rs 100cr Kerala Trade Centre to be completed this year", "text": "KOCHI: Construction of the new Kerala Trade Centre being set up by the KCCI at an investment of Rs 100 crore will be completed this year, chairman designate of the Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KCCI) K N Marzook said.\"This building will bring all agencies, stakeholders and businessmen under a single roof. All transactions which a foreign businessman needs can be carried out on the premises with minimum hassles,\" Marzook said.The 14-floor building is being set up on an area of 1.25 lakh sq ft on Marine Drive in Kochi on the lines of World Trade Centres around the world. The centre will comprise an industrial research and development centre, trade information and resource centre, business and exhibition centres, shopping arcades, an international convention centre and a quality testing laboratory. The centre will provide advanced communication facilities to businessmen who are keen to invest in Kerala. Visitors to the centre can have a taste of the offerings at a number of multi-cuisine food courts.Three new check-post help centres run by KCCI will be opened at Amaravila near Thiruvananthapuram, Vazhikkadavu in Nilambur and Muthanga in Wayanad next month, said Marzook. He said that KCCI was talking to the government to set up help centres at more interstate border check-posts in the state to speed up clearance of commercial goods and detained consignments through production of valid documents.Under an MoU which KCCI has signed with DP World of Dubai, goods from Dubai were now routed through the Walayar check-post. More dealers are now availing the services of KCCI's Walayar help centre. Besides DP World, companies like ITC and Fedex are also utilizing KCCI's help centre services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "12012674", "title": "'Sponsoring holy trips will not wipe off misdeeds'", "text": "OLD GOA: Unleashing a mass of facts to prove that almost 70% of Goa has been finished in the last 50 years by Goa's 'corrupt politicians', Fr Eremita Rebello has cautioned all baptized Catholics, asking them not to associate themselves with such elements by going with them from house to house seeking votes.Rebello, a diocesan priest, who has championed the cause of several social issues in the past, is the vice-postulator for the beatification of Blessed Joseph Vaz and is also in-charge of the Khuris Milagr (Miraculous Cross) church, over the Boa Vista hillock, at Old Goa.He was delivering his homily in front of a large congregation at the Se Cathedral, on the occasion of the feast of the Khuris Milagr on Thursday.Reminding the faithful that Jesus cried on seeing the destruction of Jerusalem , the three warnings that are said to have been received atop the Boa Vista hillock between 1560-1619 were indicators of the destruction that later took place, he said. \"The Portuguese royals (Fidalgos) were living an immoral life in the Old City of Goa. Since they did not mend their ways even after persistent pleadings by St Francis Xavier , there was an apparition of Jesus in the year 1619 on a wooden cross planted by some shepherd boys over the Boa Vista hillock. This was soon followed by the destruction of the city of Old Goa,\" said Fr Rebello. Continuing further, he said, \"Jesus came into this world to establish the kingdom of God where truth and justice prevails. Look at the scenario today. We have turned our backs to God and willingly embraced Satan and his kingdom,\" said Fr Rebello. Remarking that some of the baptized politicians are involved in monumental corruption, he sought to know, where are the vows they made on their baptism day. \"They should remember that divine wrath will strike them at the appropriate time, since there is no pardon for such transgressions, and even sponsoring of pilgrimages to Vailankanni and Shirdi will in no way wipe off their misdeeds.\"The main celebrant for the feast mass at 10 am was Fr Valerian Vaz, Director of Caritas, Goa, along with nine other concelebrants. The feast mass was preceded by two more masses at 7am and 8.15am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12013712", "title": "Dhumal questions land allocations to Tibetans", "text": "SHIMLA: A question mark has been raised over land bought by Tibetans, who hold refugee status in India, after Himachal Pradesh chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal stated on Thursday that the BJP government would not hesitate to cancel the allocation should the courts uphold the illegality.The CM said that an ongoing judicial probe has stumbled upon tea estate land having been allocated to Tibetans by bending law by the previous Congress government with Virbhadra Singh as chief minister.\"If the probe and courts find any illegality in these allocations, the state government could cancel them,\" he said.With a petition about land deals by Tibetans pending before Himachal Pradesh High Court, legality of several properties purchased by the exiles at Dharamshala, McLeodganj, Kullu, Manali, Rewalsar, Shimla and Solan is under the scanner.\"The earlier Congress government had conveniently turned a blind eye to these violations,\" said Dhumal, who was responding to a charge by Virbhadra Singh that in contravention of state land laws, the government had allowed sale and change of land use of a tea estate to leading lawyer Prashant Bhushan, who is a member of Team Anna.Bhushan is said to have bought the tea estate in the name of an educational society for setting up an institution.\"If Virbhadra Singh has any objection about some land case, he should point it out before the Justice (Retd) D P Sood judicial commission that is probing all benami land deals in the state,\" said Dhumal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12015949", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan likes Ali Zafar\u2019s song", "text": "When Amitabh Bachchan declared his love for the Pakistani version of Coke Studio on his microblogging account, fans asked him what he thought about Ali Zafar's song Yaar Daddi. Big B said that he had heard the song and felt that it was soulful and brilliant.Zafar says, \"I have never met Mr Bachchan but I wish to someday. I have immense respect for him. He has been my favourite actor since my childhood. I remember I always used to cry whenever he used to die in his films and my family would tease me about it. No award could ever measure to his comments about that song of mine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12012831", "title": "Electronics meters must for autos from May 1", "text": "PUNE: The state government has asked autorickshaws in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad to switch over to digital electronic meters from May 1. New autorickshaws coming into the market from March 1 onwards will also be equipped with electronic meters.There are around 50,000 autorickshaws in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. All of them are expected replace existing meters with electronic ones before they come to the Regional Transport Office (RTO) for annual inspection. The RTO will issue fitness certificate only if the autorickshaw is fitted with electronic meter.\"For instance, if the annual inspection of an autorickshaw is due on August 1, the owner has to fix an electronic meter before that date,\" said Arun Yeola, regional transport officer.The RTO has appealed to autorickshaw drivers and owners to approach them for further clarifications.The state home department has issued a notification dated February 17, saying that it is compulsory for all autorickshaws to fit electronic meters. The fitness certificate will not be issued if electronic meter is not fitted.Citing tampering of mechanical meters, there was an increasing demand from commuters to replace mechanical meters with electronic meters. In October 2011, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan held a meeting with autorickshaw unions from all over the state in Mumbai to discuss the issue. It was decided at the meeting to replace mechanical meters with electronic meters in a phased manner in all cities across the state.Autorickshaw passengers have expressed satisfaction about the government's decision and said that there would be fewer arguments with drivers over accuracy of meter reading.Prasad Mahajan of Bavdhan said that the chances of meter tampering would be minimal as the electronic meter would display actual fare and distance travelled. The RTO needs to take this drive seriously and ensure that all autorickshaws are fixed with electronic meters, he added.\"Tampering with meters is a usual practice in the city. Passengers often end up paying more if meters are tampered with. A common man doesn't know how meters are tampered with. I hope the new meters would bring relief to commuters,\" said Rajashree Wakade of Kothrud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011361", "title": "Delhi University college president dies mysteriously", "text": "NEW DELHI: A third-year Delhi University student - the elected president of the college union - died mysteriously on Thursday, raising suspicions of foul play.The incident was reported around 9am on Monday when the victim, Kanika Sharma, drank a cold drink from the college canteen. Kanika, a BA student of Vivekananda Women's College located at Vivek Vihar in east Delhi, was elected president of the students' union earlier this year. She was a member of the National Students' Union of India.\"Kanika began vomiting after drinking the cold drink. The college authorities rushed her to the nearby ESI Hospital located in Jhilmil area where she lost her life,'' said DCP (east) Prabhakar.Cold drink bottle sent for FSL test\"We have contacted the girl's parents but are yet to ascertain the exact cause of her death. We have seized the cold drink bottle which will be sent for FSL testing. We have also decided to preserve her viscera to investigate whether she was poisoned or whether the liquid inside it was tampered with. The final postmortem report will be critical,'' said an investigating officer.DU students' union president Ajay Chhikara said Kanika Sharma was a popular figure in college. \"Her friends told me that she was sitting outside the canteen with friends when she began throwing up. We are shocked and deeply grieved by her death,'' he said, adding that he was not aware of her suffering from any mental stress. The college authorities said the principal was \"travelling out of the country'' but promised all help in probe.Kanika was a resident of Jagriti Vihar in Ghaziabad. Her father works as a clerk at a leading public school of Ghaziabad.The police said their probe would include the statements of those students who were with Kanika all morning.\"We are trying to ascertain whether she had left the drink where someone had the opportunity to mix poison. Basically all three options - suicide, homicide and adulterated cold drink - have been kept open,'' said the officer.Three years ago, a 26-year-old man died while two friends and a shopkeeper fell ill after consuming a soft drink at Seelampur.The police had suspected that the drink, which was being sold under the name of a multinational company, was adulterated and had sent the samples for a lab test but no one was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "12013137", "title": "Double murder shuts down Burdwan", "text": "BURDWAN: Residents along Kusumgram Road, where CPM MLA Pradip Ta was hacked to death just a day before, deserted their homes. Nobody dared to attend schools, colleges or offices. Shopowners downed the shutters. Even CPM party office was locked from inside.The fear psychosis and the 12-hour bandh call by the CPM played their respective roles on Thursday, bringing the district to a complete halt, except for the train services.While the atmosphere across the district was on razor's edge, the political parties did not deter from engaging in fresh brawls. Throughout the day, reports of clashes from Pandabeswar, Khandaghosh, Katwa, Kanksa and the coal belts of Jamuria came pouring in to the CPM's Burdwan district office.In Kuldiha, CPM rallied tribals with bows and arrows and blocked the Muchipara-Sibpur Road. When confronted by the Trinamool, they set the paddy stock of local Trinamool leader Saktipada Ruidas on fire.So terrorized were the locals that they cocooned themselves from the media. Few who could put up a brave face spoke to media on condition of anonymity. However, what little they said stands in complete contrary to the chief minister's claims.From what the eyewitnesses said, it could be gathered that slain CPM leaders Pradip Ta and Amar Gayen were unarmed and their rally, which was coming along the Burdwan-Katwa Road, had few participants, including women and children. They alleged that Trinamool Congress workers came along the Kusumgram Road and attacked the CPM rallyists. Most of the CPM workers, including Ta and Gayen, ran for their lives. But the duo was mobbed by armed Trinamool workers, who lynched them to death.According to locals, Ta, known for his strong-arm tactic, had total control on the nearby sponge iron factories where the Trinamool couldn't make way into, even after the change of government. This enraged the pack who finally decided to kill Ta to remove him from their way.Ta's widow Chitralekha also refuted the chief minister's charge. \"It was a pre-planned murder. The statements made about CPM's factional feud or mass outrage are baseless. Trinamool leaders killed my husband,\" she accused point blank.The repercussion of the widow's reaction could be heard on the corridors of the state assembly. Opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra called the incident a cold-blooded murder.All these prompted high court lawyer Subrata Mukherjee to file a petition before the high court demanding a CBI inquiry into the killings. Mishra, too, harped on this point when he called on West Bengal governor M K Narayanan at Raj Bhavan on Thursday.The governor, however, is not in a mood to jump to conclusion. \"Murder is a heinous crime. The probe is on. Let it proceed. We should not pre-judge who, when, what,\" the governor said. Burdwan police superintendent Samsul Haq Mirza is likely to submit a detailed report to director general of police Naparaijit Mukherjee.State transport minister Madan Mitra, on the other hand, denied the allegations and pointed out that one of the accused happens to be a relative of Pradip Ta. \"What does this indicate? It is a feud within the family or the party,\" he concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12013513", "title": "BJP inducts Muslim League to rule Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: The BJP, which won 62 seats to emerge as the largest party in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation polls, has taken in two members of the Indian Union of Muslim League to retain power.The BJP, which needed 73 members for a simple majority in the 145-member house, now has the backing of 76 corporators, including two from the IUML, one each of the Bahujan Republican Ekta Manch and the Lok Bharti and 10 independents. The BJP-led group, Nagpur Vikas Aghadi, has left out the Shiv Sena , its pre-poll partner. However, sources said the Sena would back the BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12012193", "title": "New US trade info centre inaugurated", "text": "Under secretary of commerce for international trade, Francisco J Sanchez, on Thursday inaugurated the new US Commercial Service Trade Information Centre at the American Consulate General in Mumbai. The new centre will help Indian companies learn about trade promotion resources like the US Commercial Service, the US Export Import Bank, the US Trade and Development Agency and so on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12013216", "title": "Frustrated jawan does a 2-hour Sholay", "text": "BANGALORE: A soldier of the Army Digital Mapping Centre on Thursday gave vent to his frustration over alleged dismal working conditions, by climbing up a 170-feet high mobile tower and demanding that he be allowed to speak to the media on the issue.Coming down the tower after a two-hour drama, sepoy N Muthu told reporters that he and several of his colleagues in the force were denied leave and were harassed by their officers with frequent transfers, before he was whisked away from the spot by his higher-ups in an Army jeep.The drama began around 10.30am, when passersby spotted Muthu atop the tower near the Lingarajapuram flyover. Apparently, the sepoy had climbed up the tower quite early, with enough stock of food and water bottles - ready for a long stay. Muthu also carried a backpack with some documents and photographs in it to present his case.The department of fire and emergency services was pressed into service at 10.50am, when Muthu was unrelenting. A rescue team headed by regional fire officer T N Shivashankara rushed to the spot.Before Shivashankara climbed the ladder to reach Muthu, he made sure the sepoy was unarmed. ''I confirmed with the staff that he was unarmed, and climbed up. He warned me not to come up. He may have thought I was a policeman. When I told him I was a rescue officer, he allowed me to go up.''''When we started talking, he showed some photos and told me he was an athlete, and that he was allegedly harassed by seniors in his army unit. Whenever I asked him to come down, he insisted he would not till the media got here. So I made a call to our deputy director BG Hampagol, and asked him to pretend to be a mediaperson. Muthu spoke to him and was a little relaxed. I told him there were more mediapersons below, so he came down with me,\" said Shivashankara.An officer of the rank of colonel was waiting along with police and fire fighters for the soldier. In the brief moments given to him, he told media personnel: ''We are not given leave or time to spend with our families. I have been transferred four times in five years and had to suffer constant torture.''Soon, the Army officer and two junior commissioned officers took him away in a vehicle to the MEG campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016626", "title": "Glam rules the reception", "text": "Marriages might be made in heaven. But they're surely carried out right here on good ol' Earth.The wedding reception of Vishal and Sonali seemed to be one such occasion that saw the well wishers and loved ones of the couple join hands in congratulating the newly weds. The couple looked radiant in their wedding finery with the bride sporting a dazzling pink ensemble with intricately designed embellishments. The groom looked dapper in his no-frills suit.Of course, what's a reception without its ample dose of glamourous gals? This one was no exception as the ladies were all dressed to make an impression. From gorgeous ghaghras to sensuous chiffons, this was a veritable fashion fiesta for the girls, who spared no expense in looking their best. Here's wishing the couple a happy life together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12011806", "title": "Cinepolis moves high court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Thursday asked the state government whether it followed the provisions of Cinematograph Act in suspending license of multiplex Cinepolis for one month.Acting on a petition filed by Cinepolis India Pvt Ltd challenging the one-month suspension of license for its shows running beyond permissible time limit, Justice S R Brahmbhatt asked the authority to explain whether it can suspend the license under the section 8 without any criminal complaint being filed or conviction of any person as per the provisions of section 7 of the Act.Government pleader Prakash Jani has contended that the power of revocation or suspension of permission is independent, and in any case of violation of norms, the district collector can exercise it. Government, he argued, acted after receiving complaints from the neighbouring residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12013845", "title": "Two college students drown", "text": "MYSORE: Two college students, who went for a swim in Lakshmana Theertha river near Ramenahalli, drowned on Wednesday. The bodies were fished out of the river in Hunsur taluk on Thursday. Ravi Gowda, 21, and Nithin, 21, were second year commerce students at Devaraj Urs First Grade College in Hunsur.They went to Ramenahalli with two of their friends to celebrate jatra mahotsava, organized as part of Shivarathri.Police said, \"It was Nithin who drowned first. Meanwhile, Ravi went to his rescue and jumped into the river, but met with a similar fate. They were amateur swimmers.\" Ravi, son of Govinda Gowda, a resident of Hosathanjahalli, and Nithin was the son of Bhaskar in Hangodu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12014064", "title": "BEd students create ruckus", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Panic gripped Darbhanga Colony and adjoining areas under Georgetown police station circle on Thursday when hundreds of BEd students created a ruckus over a private degree college authorities' move of seeking additional money in the name of examination fee and 'shortattendance'. Students alleged that they have already deposited Rs 52,200 as fee, caution money of Rs 11,000 and tour fee of Rs 3,500, and still the college authorities were demanding additional fee for exams.Students preferring anonymity told TOI that the college authorities have also been asking for money in the name of 'short-attendance' which they would not tolerate. A student Priya (name changed) said, \"Those whose attendance is less than 40% have been asked to deposit additional money. Students have been asked to submit Rs 26,000 if they want to appear in the exams.\"She added that students would be staging a demonstration at district magistrate's office on Friday in support of their demands. Despite repeated attempts, authorities of the private college were not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12011843", "title": "AP govt websites to get security firewall soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government has proposed a high-level IT security policy for all government websites, planning a much-needed intervention for greater security of its online portals.A committee has been constituted which is composed of members of the IT&C; department, Nasscom, NIC, Wipro and cyber security specialists. The draft will be made available by March 10 and circulated to all stakeholders.After nearly 21 government websites were hacked into a week back, the state government asked CBCID cyber wing to probe the matter. During the investigation, it was found that the hacking was not a targeted attack as there was no financial loss.The high-level committee met at Secretariat and decided to hold periodic internal security audits.It was decided that a 'web application security firewall' would be created to monitor traffic and locate the origin of unusual traffic.Were any unusual traffic to be detected on a government website, Wipro Systems, the data centre operator, would instruct the IT department which would initiate remedial measures to protect the website, it was decided at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016504", "title": "Music means everything to me: Uday Benegal", "text": "Your favourite bathroom number? Depends on my mood. These days it's Lazarus by Porcupine Tree.When do you listen to music? Daily, at least for a couple of hours. I always keep my earphones at hand to listen to music when I feel like.Music you like listening to... All kinds. From progressive rock to Peter Gabriel, Bjork in electronica to alternative folk band like Iron And Wine.What musical instrument do you play/like to learn? Why? I play the guitar and can program the keyboard. I tried to learn the saxophone but didn't have the patience. I'd like to be a better piano player simply because its the mother of all harmonies.Your favourite singers? Ian Gillan from Deep Purple, blues singer Chester Arthur Burnett aka Howlin' Wolf, Roger Daltrey of The Who, Robert Plant of Led Zeppelin and American blues singer Bonnie Raitt.A song that holds special meaning for you and why?Any song from the album Quadrophenia by The Who. It was a landmark album for me, a phase when rock music entered my life.One song that always puts you in a good mood Don't Worry, Be Happy by Bobby McFerrin.What's playing on your mp3 player at the moment? My band Indus Creed's album Evolve.A music icon you'd love to meet? Why ? Guitarist/songwriter Pete Townshend of The Who. His songs and music played a massive role in my life and inspired me to become a musician.Music to you is... Everything... like oxygen.The one voice that speaks to you is... My inner voice.The music you work out to... These days, it's the Foo Fighters, Australian progressive rock band Karnivool and Porcupine Tree.The song/album that I cry to and why? The album Us by Peter Gabriel. It's a beautiful album.The song/album that makes me nostalgic and why? The Washing of The Water by Peter Gabriel makes me nostalgic about my younger days.If I could, I would like to sing a duet with... Pete Townshend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12013944", "title": "Three injured in college clash", "text": "KOLKATA: Three students were injured in a clash between Trinamool Congress Chhatra Parishad (TMCP) and Chhatra Parishad (CP) supporters at Maulana Azad College on Thursday. TMCP, which has been running the students' union for the past two years, claimed that the general secretary of the union Mohammad Afzal , Athar and Mohammad Faizan Khan were attacked by CP supporters.The clash was a run up to this year's election that is slated in the first week of April. \"Few CP supporters of the college raided the campus to terrorize students and capture seats in the coming college election,\" alleged Tamoghna Ghosh, TMCP state general secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12011818", "title": "Govt to track pregnancies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: 150 of the 630 villages in Mehsana district have been put under the scanner after a gap of nearly 30 per cent was noticed between the number of pregnant women registered with the family health workers and the number of children birth registrations.The 2011 census revealed that Mehsana town has the lowest sex ratio in the country and district ranks second lowest in Gujarat. Mehsana collector office has now decided to track the pregnancies which were registered but not result in a child birth and find out what went wrong.This step should help check illegal sex determination and resultant female foeticide.\"In several villages, this discrepancy in the numbers has been noticed. We have decided to follow these pregnant women in the back order to find out what went wrong, and if the woman miscarried. If the child was aborted, we want to get hold of the details where the fetus was aborted, in which week of pregnancy, the name of the doctor who carried out the abortion and whether it was recorded under the MTP Act. This is being done to find out the details of the doctors who might be helping out couples with illegal sex determination and female feoticide,\" said Mehsana collector Rajkumar Beniwal.Noted demographer Leela Visaria said that tracking is a good practice and its reference can be found in the 18{+t}{+h} century in the state after British officials found that many Rajput families practice female infanticide wherein the new born girl is drowned in milk.Officials in the district said that in the future too, pregnant women will be tracked through all their trimesters and investigation initiated if a woman loses the pregnancy mid-way especially between 12-14 weeks when the sex of the child can be first detected.Mehsana's chief health officer Deepak Jagani said that the administration is very serious about getting the skewed sex ratio of the district back on track and strict implementation of the Pre Conception Pre Natal Diagnostic Techniques Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12012077", "title": "Rs 3L jewellery stolen from Dahisar home", "text": "MUMBAI: The Dahisar residence of a 28-year-old woman was looted of gold ornaments worth Rs 2.78 lakh on Wednesday. The burglary took place between 12.30pm and 5.45pm when the occupant, Pratiksha Janjale, was away. Burglars smashed the door lock, broke open the vault and made off with four gold bangles, a chain, a bracelet and two rings. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12012107", "title": "Diversion of rice bags in Siwan: House panel to probe", "text": "PATNA: The treasury bench, comprising the JD(U) and the BJP members of the state assembly, with a sprinkling of the Congress, on Thursday put the government on back foot with regard to the alleged complicity of the officials of Siwan-based Bihar State Food Corporation (BSFC) in letting eight trucks full of rice bags to be diverted to some other destinations other than the designated shops under public distribution system.In the circumstances, Speaker Uday Narayan Choudhary gave his ruling that the Question and Call Attention Committee of the House would probe the matter and submit its report to the House in 15 days during the current budget session itself. The matter pertained to civil supplies and consumers protection department headed by Shyam Rajak.Even as the House members were pressing for an inquiry into the matter either by the House committee or the Vigilance Committee since such complaints have been received from other districts also, they, sensing that the Speaker was not favourably inclined towards such a probe, concurred with his ruling. The Speaker had also suggested that the matter could be probed by Saran division commissioner, but the House members remained adamant on their demand regarding probe by the House committee or Vigilance. BJP member from Darauli assembly constituency Ramayan Manjhi even demanded a CBI probe into the matter, which the Speaker did not take notice of.In between, parliamentary affairs minister Vijendra Prasad Yadav said that it might not be possible for the members of the House committee to probe the matter and submit its report during the current session itself, because they have to be present in the House, but the Speaker overruled him. \"They can go to Siwan on Saturday or Sunday in the coming days to probe the matter and submit its report,\" Choudhary said.Earlier, through his short-notice question, BJP member from Raghunathpur in Siwan district Vikram Kunwar had drawn the attention of the Speaker and the House to the alleged diversion of eight truckloads of rice from Siwan BSFC godown to unknown destinations, which, otherwise, was meant for PDS shops. Kunwar had also noted that the BSFC marketing officer of Dighwara had intercepted the eight trucks, and an FIR was also lodged against the driver and transporter, apart from the seizure of the trucks. He alleged complicity of the BSFC officials at Siwan, maintaining that the PDS shop dealers, too, were in league with it.At this, several BJP and JD(U) members, including Awaneesh Kumar Singh (BJP), and Sadanand Singh (Congress), joined in the catcalls, demanding probe into the matter, since the pattern pointed out by Kunwar was, in fact, a statewide phenomenon.Interestingly, the RJD members, including leader of Opposition Abdul Bari Siddiqui, maintained studied silence on the government being grilled by members of the treasury bench that amounted to discomfiture of the government. Siddiqui said that if the RJD members had joined in the demand for probe, then members of the treasury bench would have condoned the lapses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011417", "title": "Adoption emails for AIIMS baby", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over 50 people, including some foreigners, have written to the All India Institute of Medical Sciences expressing their desire to adopt the battered two-year-old baby being treated at the hospital's trauma centre.Dr Deepak Agarwal, the neurosurgeon who is treating the child, said AIIMS had received emails even from people residing in the US and Canada . \"They have also said they are constantly monitoring updates on her condition,\" said Dr Agarwal. \"At present, our main interest is to get her out of the critical state and all issues related to adoption are not in our hands.\"The baby has been on ventilator since her admission to AIIMS. \"It has been over a month and she cannot breathe on her own. Being on artificial respiration for a long time is not a good sign. That is why we have decided to gradually remove her dependence on ventilator. We will do it as per her requirements,\" said another senior doctor.The baby underwent fifth life-saving surgery on February 20 after doctors found that the infection in her brain had receded.Doctors, however, not hopeful of the baby girl leading a normal life even after she recovers from her injuries, say the infection in her brain has overstayed. It must have affected parts of her brain and this might deprive her of a normal life in future.Doctors had conducted a fourth life saving surgery on the baby few days ago as an alternative attempt to contain the brain infection.The battered baby was brought to the hospital on January 18 by a girl, who had claimed the toddler had fallen from the bed. Police stumbled upon an inter-state sex racket while probing the case and rescued the baby's original mother, Munni, from Rajasthan.A gyaenocologist, however, has opined after checking the baby that the baby was not sexually abused. Munni visited the baby at AIIMS on February 14.Any case of sexual abuse has been ruled out after a gynecologist carried out test on her for the same, few days back. Forensic scientist are yet to verify if the marks on her body are that of human bite. The baby was admitted to the hospital with severe bruises in her body, head injuries and broken arms on January 18. Her head was badly smashed, she had broken arms, bite marks all over her body and her cheeks branded with hot iron.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011705", "title": "Wildlife ambassadors learn tricks of the trade", "text": "NAGPUR: Theory alone has seldom taught people much. Especially when the subject is something as outdoorsy as nature and wildlife, bookish knowledge is hardly enough to catch the imagination of the students.To get acquainted with wildlife and its beauty, and the challenges it poses, the Pench Tiger Reserve organized a two-day Nature Awareness Camp for wildlife ambassadors selected during the wildlife week celebrations last October. About 20 student ambassadors from various city schools participated in the camp at Pench Tiger Reserve, Sillari.\"The aim of this camp was moulding student wildlife ambassadors. For them to be able to spread the message of conservation, it is important that they have knowledge and love of nature,\" said Uttam Sawant, assistant wildlife conservator ( ACF).The students were given detailed information about wildlife management, conservation, protection, monitoring and so on, said A Ashraf, chief conservator of forest (CCF) and field director, Pench Tiger Reserve. The ambassadors were even allowed to handle the latest equipment used in monitoring and tracking animals.Umesh Dhotekar, range forest officer (RFO) west Pench range, said, \"As this was an innovative programme, the students enjoyed a lot and enthusiastically participated in every activity. They were taken on nature trails, jungle safaris, to meet locals, showed wildlife videos and slides, instructed on tree and animal identification and so on. They were particularly excited when we spoke about census methods, pug marking, use of camera traps etc\"The camp received a positive response from the kids and their parents. Mahendra Godbole, father of wildlife ambassador Nivedita, said that this was a good move by the forest department to involve children in conservation and develop love for nature in them. Nivedita added, \"The camp was fun and informative. It was great to know the technicalities of census, scat analysis and so on.\"The efforts to acquaint students don't end here. The children will be doing a project concerning nature during their summer holidays and the best ones will be awarded during the wildlife week celebrations. Another camp will also be organized at Bor in May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12012693", "title": "Chennai police gun down 5 suspected bank robbers", "text": "CHENNAI: Five men, suspected to be involved in two recent bank robberies in the city, were shot dead by the police at Velachery on Thursday.Chennai police commissioner J K Tripathy said the suspects were cornered on the ground floor of a building in a residential area. They were asked to surrender, he said. \"But they opened fire and police teams didn't have any option except to return the fire.\" He said the gun battle lasted 15 minutes, from 1am to 1.15am, leaving two police inspectors injured and all the five suspects dead.Tamil Nadu has a history of 'police encounters', with more than 15 criminals shot dead in pursuit over the last decade. Several gangsters fell to police bullets between 2001 and 2003 when K Vijaykumar was Chennai police chief during the previous AIADMK term. But Thursday's killings would rank as the highest ever in terms of casualties in one incident.The suspects killed were identified as Chandrika Ray (32), Vinod Kumar (30), Vinay Prasad (31) and Harish Kumar (30) from Bihar and Abhay Kumar (32) from West Bengal. Vinod Kumar, police said, was a engineering college dropout in the suburbs. Pistols, revolvers and bundles of cash were found in the kitchen of the house they were living in, police said.The details on the gunfight were sketchy, but the official version suggested that the building was cordoned off and surrounded by 14 policemen around 1am on the basis of a tip-off. When firing began, they broke open a window to target the suspects. Following the firing, all five were taken to a hospital, where they were declared dead.The injured inspectors were admitted to the Government Royapettah Hospital. Police sources said they received information on the suspects from a person, who did not want to reveal his identity. The informer had seen the photograph of a suspect released by the police on Wednesday and knew that he was living in a house off A L Mudali Street in Velachery,\" an officer said.Sources said the five had moved into the house in December and were paying Rs 5,000 a month as rent. Though the incident happened in a residential area, no one in the neighbourhood appeared to know about it. Reporters who reached the spot were kept at bay till 5.45am. The suspects' 'den' turned out to be a 300sqft portion, with a bedroom, a hall, a bathroom and kitchen. Among the blood-soaked belongings of the suspects was a red, black and white checked shirt one of the suspects was seen wearing in the video clip released on Wednesday. He was identified as Vinod Kumar.In view of a court directive on police 'encounters', the chief metropolitan magistrate was informed. XIV Judicial Magistrate of Saidapet court Geetha Rani visited the house and later the hospital where the two inspectors injured in the firing were undergoing treatment.Some of the staff who witnessed the robberies at the two bank branches \"confirmed that the slain suspects were those that struck at their banks,\" police sources said. A gang had struck at an Indian Overseas Bank branch at Keelkattalai on February 20 and fled with Rs 14 lakh. Similarly, another heist took place at the Perungudi branch of Bank of Baroda on January 23 and Rs 19 lakh was robbed. In both cases, the robbers were armed and had not worn any masks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12013089", "title": "'Tricking' the city into loving them", "text": "LUDHIANA: When King Cobra, Mogambo and Saggu Sarkar took stage on Thursday the city fell in love with their tricks. Magicians from Ludhiana, King Cobra and Mogambo, did shows in the city on the occasion of famous magician P C Sarkar (senior)'s birth anniversary, celebrated as National Magician Day.Mogambo held a show at the community centre in Model Town for an audience of 150 people, mostly women and kids. King Cobra performed for children of Bal Bhawan and the social workers helping them. He was accompanied by 39 magicians, including 12 from the city.Rajan Kumar, a businessman from Sarabha Nagar who watched the magic show at Model Town said he was thoroughly entertained. \"I went with my 18-year-old son Jatin Kumar. I liked the trick where Mogambo brought out flowers, fruits and umbrella from a small box and in the end took out the national flag,'' he said.Vomil Mittal, a banker who stays in Jalandhar bypass, also heaped praises on Mogambo. \"The magician had classy tricks. The show made my day,'' he said.Mogambo, 40, said his actual name is Jagdeep Singh and he stays in Dugri. \"I think the programme was a perfect tribute to the great P C Sarkar.\"Those who saw the six-hour show in Bal Bhawan also could not stop talking about it. Cheema Chowk-resident Jaspal Kaur, a social worker, said, \"The audience watched the magicians almost without batting their eyelids. The children laughed loud.\"Jasjeet Singh, 10, said, \"I loved the part where a magician brought out a pigeon from an small, empty box.\" King Cobra aka Amar Iqbal Singh of Samrala Chowk said he has been performing magic for more than 20 years. \"The kids cheered at all my tricks but I got the loudest applause when I made a table to float in air,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12012406", "title": "S Goa collector hospitalized", "text": "MARGAO: South Goa collector Daulat Hawaldar suffered a mild cardiac arrest in the wee hours of Thursday and was admitted to the Hospicio hospital, Margao.Medical superintendent of Hospicio hospital, Sanjeev Dalvi, when contacted, said that Hawaldar is undergoing treatment in the intensive cardiac care unit of the hospital and that his condition is stable.Sources said that Hawaldar, who was putting up at the Circuit house at Monte hill, Margao, developed chest pains in the night and was rushed to the Hospicio hospital at around 3 am.Sources informed that IAS officer Pavankumar Sain is likely to take over as the South Goa collector during Hawaldar's absence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011396", "title": "Ramlila fracas: SC slams cops, Ramdev", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday slammed Delhi Police for the excessive use of force during the midnight eviction of Baba Ramdev's supporters from Ramlila Maidan on June 4 last year, calling it a case of police excess, human rights' violation, abuse of power and assault on democratic values enshrined in the Constitution and asked for criminal prosecution of cops.The court laid part of the blame for injuries to people also at the yoga guru's door saying he, instead of asking his followers to disperse peacefully, insisted on continuing with the rally. It also asked for the prosecution of Ramdev's supporters who engaged in brick-batting and vandalism.However, the focus of the court's disapproval was directed at Delhi Police, with a bench of Justices B S Chauhan and Swatanter Kumar asking for criminal prosecution of cops who used excessive force and remained insensitive to the cries of the injured. The bench also seemed to disbelieve the claim of the Centre and Delhi Police that the action was decided by the personnel on the spot, suspecting that the cops may have been nudged by the Union home ministry.\"The action demonstrated the might of the state and was an assault on the very basic democratic values enshrined in our Constitution... The chain of events reveals that it was a case of police excesses and, to a limited extent, even abuse of power,\" the bench said.The bench summed up its diagnosis of the surprise action against Ramdev's supporters as reflecting the growing chasm between the ruler and the ruled, saying, \"The present case is a glaring example of trust deficit between the people governing and the people to be governed. Greater confidence needs to be built between the authorities in power and the public at large.\"Though the court stopped short of approving Ramdev's Swabhiman Trust's claim that the midnight crackdown on the rally where sleeping supporters were violently evicted using baton and tear gas shells was planned in the home ministry and executed brutally by Delhi Police, it smelt a rat in the official version of the sequence of events.The bench said there appeared to be a \"shadow of the decision of the Union home ministry\" in the unwarranted police action. It severely criticized the hasty manner in which the police cancelled permission for the rally even though the Municipal Corporation of Delhi had permitted the rally to run till June 20.\"Upon taking into consideration the cumulative effect of the affidavits filed on record and other documentary evidence, I am unable to dispel the argument that the decision of the ministry of home affairs, Union of India, reflected its shadow on the decision making process and decision of the police authorities,\" said Justice Swatanter Kumar, who authored the lead judgment.It ordered ad-hoc compensation of Rs 5 lakh to Rajbala, one of Ramdev's disciples who died of injuries suffered from the police brutality, and Rs 50,000 each to those with serious injuries and Rs 25,000 each to people who suffered minor injuries. Of these amounts, 75% would be borne by Delhi Police while 25% would be provided by Ramdev's Swabhiman Trust.Justice Chauhan, who agreed with Justice Kumar, said the police was expected to maintain peace and tranquility but not at the cost of breaching peace itself. He disapproved use of force against a sleeping crowd and said such an assembly could not be termed unlawful. \"Thus, the present case is a clear-cut case of human rights violation,\" Justice Chauhan said.However, both judges agreed that another section of the police behaved properly and were seen persuading people to leave the venue peacefully. The court had taken suo motu notice of the police action immediately after the incident.The bench said, \"The decision to forcibly evict the innocent public sleeping at the Ramlila grounds in the midnight of June 4-5, 2011, whether taken by the police independently or in consultation with the ministry of home affairs is amiss and suffers from the element of arbitrariness and abuse of power to some extent.\"Highlights of the judgment:1. Police decision to cancel permission for Ramdev's rally and impose Section 144 CrPC was in undue haste and executed with force and overzealousness2. Excessive police action was in abuse of power and was an invasion of liberties and freedoms of Ramdev's supporters3. Ramdev too to be blamed for insisting on carrying on with the protest in the face of police order instead of asking his supporters to disperse peacefully4. From now on, rally organizers to undertake to abide by decision of police and authorities granting them permission subject to court orders5. Police to investigate criminal cases registered against police personnel who used excessive force or remained insensitive to the injured and also against Ramdev's supporters who indulged in brickbats and vandalism and file chargesheets in 3 months6. Police and Ramdev's Swabhiman Trust to share on 75:25 ratio payment of compensation of Rs 5 lakh to the kin of Rajbala who died of injuries sustained during police action. They would also pay Rs 50,000 each to seriously injured and Rs 25,000 each to people suffering minor injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011585", "title": "After apex court rap, officers to face action", "text": "NEW DELHI: After being pulled up by Supreme Court for cracking down on Baba Ramdev's rally in the city last June, Delhi Police has decided to take disciplinary action against officers who exceeded their brief and used excessive force while dealing with the crowd. Officials, however, said cases will be registered against both policemen and the Baba's followers who had acted violently.A special team including senior officials will analyse TV footage of the night raid, talk to police officers who are seen using lathis, and cross-examine the Baba's supporters as well. Officials said cases may be registered by Friday morning and questioning of officers and Ramdev supporters would follow.Police chief BK Gupta said his department will abide by the court order in letter and spirit. \"We will take action against policemen who had used excessive force on protesters,\" he told reporters, adding disciplinary action would be directed against policemen found throwing brickbats at or caning the protesters.Gupta pointed out the court had not faulted the police for bringing the issue to the notice of the home ministry as they were jointly responsible for law and order in Delhi. He also said the court had differentiated between policemen who helped protesters leave the venue and others who used force against the hapless crowd. \"They have divided collective responsibility and individual responsibility. We have to take disciplinary action against these policemen (those who indulged in violence),\" he said.Gupta said the court had not accepted Ramdev's allegation about an order for lathi-charge that night. He said Delhi Police would file more cases regarding destruction of property if a need was felt. \"We have already registered cases in this regard at Kamla Nagar police station,\" he said.Since the apex court's order does not mention the use of tear gas shells to disperse Ramdev's supporters, the police will limit their investigation to the lathi-charge incident and damage to public property.Gupta said the court has upheld the power of police to regulate permission for holding protests and any group that wants to organize a demonstration has to give a written undertaking that it will abide by the instructions. The court also said these powers did not violate fundamental rights, he added.The police have also been asked to chalk out plans for crowd dispersal at such gatherings. Sources said Delhi Police will now make preparations for receiving undertakings and setting guidelines, besides drawing up dispersal plans. They will work out the strength and strategy of security deployment before allowing any person or group to hold a demonstration or dharna in Delhi.Gupta is due for retirement in June and his department has to file a report in three months' time. Sources say the police will file the report in the lower court after conducting a thorough investigation.The police had swooped down on Baba Ramdev's camp a little past midnight on June 4. Tear gas shells were fired and the crowd was caned to end the Baba's indefinite hunger strike on the black money issue. The dramatic police action came about after the government and the yoga guru accused each other the previous night of betrayal on mutual assurances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12013788", "title": "Minister promises help for cyclone Thane hit areas", "text": "COIMBATORE: Over 15 lakh casuarina seedlings would be distributed among farmers of Villupuram and Cuddalore to grow back the tree cover destroyed in Cyclone Thane , Union minister for environment and forests Jayanthi Natarajan said at the 'Tree Growers Mela' organized by Institute of Forest Genetics and Tree Breeding (IFGTB) here on Friday.Natarajan said the ministry and various governmental organizations would help famers to raise trees to protect the fragile ecosystem in the cyclone-hit areas. She also reiterated her commitment to rebuild ecologies ruined by natural calamities and human interference.While appreciating the efforts taken by IFGTB in bringing farmers, forest officials and industries together to improve green cover in the state, the minister promised to take steps to have more casuarina groves in the state, especially on the coast. She also declared IFGTB as an Environmental Information System (ENVIS) centre, a body that collects literature on any assigned subject and establishes data bank for general use.The minister also laid the foundation stone for a new forest genetic resource management complex and forest extension auditorium to be built at a total cost of Rs 4.60 crore. While interacting with those present on the occasion, the minister tried to alleviate the popular perception that her ministry was adamant in denying clearances to industrial projects. \"The ministry is keen on providing clearance to maximum industrial projects at the earliest after making impact assessments and only 12 projects are now pending before the ministry,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mahoba/hamirpur", "code": "12013557", "title": "UP polls: Voters in Mahoba and Hamirpur express their resentment", "text": "MAHOBA/HAMIRPUR: Voters' resentment with the candidates in fray was witnessed in some parts of Mahoba and Hamirpur which went to polls on Thursday. Voters either boycotted the elections or used the right to reject option to air their anguish with the candidates. According to Election officials, six booths of Hamirpur recorded zero turnout.Pramod Chaurasia who had come to cast his franchise at polytechnic in Bajaria locality of Mahoba constituency, said: ``There was no good choice of candidates.'' He used the 'right to abstain' option.Manoj Dixit, another voter who used the right to obstain option, said that every one knows the credentials of all these candidates. ``They are all land mafia,'' he said. In the fray is Badshah Singh, who after being expelled from BSP on charges of land-grabbing, is contesting on a BJP ticket. Singh, who was elected from Maudha seat (now purged) in Hamirpur is up against Congress's Arimardan Singh, Siddhgopal Sahu of SP and Raj Narain of BSP. The seat was won by Rakesh Kumar of BSP in 2007.The other constituency in the district is Charkhari where development happens to be the major factor at play. A reserved constituency until last assembly elections when it was won by BSP's Anil Kumar Ahirwar, Charkhari, this time, is witnessing contest of sorts with BJP fielding its fire brand leader Uma Bharti . Her entry has brought a lot of attention to the constituency, which voters claimed, had been relegated to utter neglect.Not surprisingly, Ahirwar was denied a ticket by BSP this time and replaced by Chaudhary Dhooram. The Samajwadi Party has placed its bet on Kaptan Singh even as Congress fields Ram Jeevan.In Hamirpur too, voters' resentment was for everybody to see. At as many as six polling booths spread over five villages in Hamirpur constituency, voters boycotted the elections. The villagers where boycott was reported included Beriganj, Indrapuri, Bindupuri, Jagannathka dera, Ram Kripal Ka Dera and Bhairao ka Dera and Malhera village in Hamirpur. Devendra Gandhi, a voter in Beriganj village said that these villages have no road since 1972. ``We have been demanding construction of road for the past six months. But no one paid a heed to the demand,'' he said. The villages, he said, also face acute water crisis in the absence of hand pumps. ``Villagers are forced to ferry water from the river,'' he said.Voters in Rath constituency said that promises made to improve the basic amenities will play the key role in deciding the fate of candidates in fray. Raju Srivastava, a voter in village Bhigaon of Rath constituency said that the lack of education facilities basic infrastructure was the major cause of concern for the people of this region. The Rath seat, in 2007, was won by BSP's Dhooram Lodhi who has been shifted to Charkhari.In his place BSP has fielded Ramsahay Ahirwar. He is in to face a challenge from Anil Kumar of BJP, while Ambesh Kumari will be SP candidate. Congress has fielded Gayadeen Anuragi.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "12011672", "title": "'Language devpt needs acceptance of people'", "text": "WARDHA: Vice-chancellor of Mahatma Gandhi International Hindi University (MGIHU), Vibhuti Narain Rai batted for widening the ambit of languages in India. \"Any language will not develop in closed room, but only with acceptance of masses. Hence, it is important to respect the social reality of all Indian languages,\" he said on Wednesday in the inaugural session of three-day national symposium on 'Linguistics and language technology: Various dimensions of current discourse'.Inaugurating the symposium, Prof Pramod Pandey of JNU, New Delhi, highlighted the development of language technology in last 60 years. Modern theory of language is coming from western countries, he observed. He analysed computational linguistics and stressed upon the need of a proper syllabus, with the help of language technology, for research purpose. The panelists will discuss various aspects of Hindi as a foreign language, language teaching, developing dictionary, language pragmatics, juncture and other topics in eight sessions during the symposium.The symposium under the chairmanship of Prof A Arvindakshan, Pro-VC of the university, will conclude on Friday. Language experts from various parts of the country are participating in the symposium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12012016", "title": "Chidambaram brings power to NSG hub", "text": "MUMBAI: National Security Guard (NSG) commandos were thankful to Union home minister P Chidambaram for taking time to inaugurate their regional hub in Mumbai on Thursday, as his visit helped them get permanent electricity supply.Chidambaram inaugurated the regional hub in Andheri (E), which now becomes administratively fully functional. The hub has all the facilities commandos need for training as well as accommodation for their families. After the 26/11 terror attacks, the minister has announced a plan to set up such hubs in Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai and Hyderabad.The NSG hub in Mumbai became operational in 2009 and was housed in the temporary accommodation provided by Mumbai police in Kalina, where they did not have the training facilities they needed.The state government provided 23 acres of land to the NSG in Marol, but it took three years to set up the hub because of several administrative issues. NSG commandos had shifted from Kalina to Marol last January. They had arranged for generators and a temporary connection on request for electricity supply. Their request for a permanent electricity supply has been pending with authorities since the last six months. A senior commando said they got the permanent power connection on Wednesday. Earlier, the residential quarters and some other buildings had absolutely no power at night, said another officer.Some minor problems are still to be addressed, as director-general of NSG Rajan Medhekar, a Kerala-cadre IPS officer from Maharashtra, mentioned in his inaugural speech. A high-power electricity line passing through the compound needs to be shifted and the request to provide passage for a broader exit is pending. These two things will help the force to ensure safe landing of choppers on the premises and will minimize response time for operations.In his speech, Chidambaram urged the NSG to minimize their response time. He said that with the airport located 7km away from the hub, commandos take 20 minutes to reach there and this time should be minimized.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan congratulated the NSG and said their presence in the city ensures citizens' security. Home minister R R Patil , minister Naseem Khan, police commissioner Arup Patnaik, ATS chief Rakesh Maria and Force One chief Sadanand Date attended the function. After the event, Chidambaram held a closed-door meeting with the ATS chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12015229", "title": "Google to replace Motorola Mobility CEO Sanjay Jha", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Google Inc, which won US approval for its acquisition of Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc, is close to naming Dennis Woodside to run the business when the deal closes, three people familiar with the matter said.Woodside, who led Google's ad sales in the Americas before leaving that job to oversee the merger, would succeed Motorola Mobility Chief Executive Officer Sanjay Jha , said the people, who declined to be named because the decision isn't public.Google is buying Motorola Mobility for $12.5 billion, gaining a trove of more than 17,000 patents that will help it fend off legal challenges to its Android mobile-phone software. The company is grappling with competition in smartphones and tablets from Apple Inc, whose software only runs on its own devices, contrasting with Google's approach of licensing the Android software to multiple manufacturers.\"The main thing he'll need to figure out is what sort of hardware strategy is needed to offset the assault by Apple,\" said Sameet Sinha, an analyst at B. Riley &amp; Co in San Francisco , who has a buy rating on the stock and doesn't own it. \"It's an interesting choice.\"Woodside emerged as a favorite from a short list that included Christy Wyatt, Motorola Mobility senior vice president, and Chief Strategy Officer John Bucher, one person said.Google shares fell less than 1 per cent to $606.11 at the close in New York . Motorola Mobility was little changed at $39.73.Leading transition As part of his role leading the transition, Woodside reported to Google CEO Larry Page and Chief Financial Officer Patrick Pichette. Woodside took over as president of the Americas region in 2009 when Tim Armstrong left Google to become CEO of AOL Inc.Jill Hazelbaker, a spokeswoman for Mountain View, California-based Google, said the company doesn't comment on rumor or speculation. The acquisition hasn't closed, she said. Jennifer Erickson, a spokeswoman for Libertyville, Illinois- based Motorola Mobility, also declined to comment.\"We're focused on running the business and getting the deal closed and wouldn't comment beyond that on executive changes,\" she said.International experience Since joining Google in 2003, Woodside had served as vice president in charge of the UK , Ireland , Belgium , the Netherlands and Luxembourg . He also set up direct-sales operations in Eastern Europe. Before that, he worked at McKinsey &amp; Co.Under Woodside, sales in the US rose to $17.6 billion in 2011 from $10.6 billion in 2008, an increase of about 65 per cent, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.Earlier this month, US and European Union officials signed off on Google's plan to purchase Motorola Mobility. Google still needs approval from China for the deal to be completed.The acquisition -- the largest wireless-equipment deal in at least a decade, according to data compiled by Bloomberg -- makes Google a competitor to other handset makers that build Android devices. In addition to running on Motorola Mobility phones, the software works on handsets made by companies such as Samsung Electronics Co. and HTC Corp.Google has said that the acquisition won't mean it favors Motorola Mobility in its dealings regarding Android. The company plans to separately report financial information for Motorola Mobility and Google.\"We've been very clear that Motorola is obviously going to remain a licensee of Android, and Android will remain open,\" Page said during a call with analysts last month. \"We have done a great job managing our partner ecosystem.That's a difficult thing to do, and I think we do it quite well. And I expect we're going to continue to do that well with Motorola.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12012265", "title": "Administration finds 12 illegal power links in IAF depot area", "text": "GURGAON: The district administration has written to Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) about issuing of 12 power connections in the restricted 900-metre zone around the IAF ammunition depot.The officials claim to have found that a private computer operator, one Amit Kumar, had fraudulently cleared the new power connections using the password of a local sub-divisional officer. Amit had apparently done this while he was contracted by the discom.\"It is a matter of concern that fresh applications were accepted fraudulently using a discom official's password. I have written about this matter to the managing director of DHBVN,\" said deputy commissioner P C Meena.After a Punjab and Haryana high court order, the district administration had banned all construction activities and stayed new power and water connections in the prohibited zone. Last week, during an internal computer data audit, DHBVN officials found that 12 illegal connections had been approved in the area. While the 12 connections were allowed through the computer software, details of security deposits and case files were found missing.This led to suspicion and as soon as the addresses of the applicants were checked, the discom official informed the district administration about this. \"It was found that Amit, a computer operator, had fraudulently cleared the connection applications. The computer operator has already been terminated and the official whose password was used is also being questioned,\" said a discom official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12012858", "title": "Art workshop begins", "text": "GUWAHATI: Around 28 artists are participating in a four-day painting workshop at the State Art Gallery in Rabindra Bhawan in Guwahati to spread awareness about art and its importance in society. The workshop, which began on Wednesday, has been organized by the Directorate of Cultural Affairs and the North East Zonal Cultural Centre (NEZCC). Several prominent artists, including Pullock Gogoi, Kishore Das, Kamal Mahanta, Sobhakar Lashkar, Dadul Chaliha, are taking part in the workshop, which is scheduled to continue till February 25.The participating artists will draw around two paintings each for the state art gallery. \"It is great to see so many artists from across the northeast sharing a common platform and working together to highlight the importance of art in our society,\" said Atul Baruah, senior lecturer at Government Arts' College and convener of the workshop.Jiten Singh, principal of the Ranjeev College of Fine Arts in Itanagar , Arunachal Pradesh , said: \"I feel honoured to be part of an event where I can spend time with some of the most accomplished painters. I am also glad to take part in a workshop which aims to generate awareness about art and also gives us a platform to display our works for a wide audience.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12013312", "title": "DVS regime won\u2019t win 50 seats next time: BSY camp", "text": "BANGALORE: Hardcore followers of former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa made a strong pitch for his return to the gaddi, saying the party under the current regime may not win more than 50 seats in the next assembly elections.Yeddyurappa loyalists demanded that their leader be made CM again. \"We've nothing against chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda , but Yeddyurappa should be made CM to secure the party's future. Under Gowda, the BJP will not win even 50 seats in the next assembly elections,\" Chikkodi MP Ramesh Katti said.Another Yeddyurappa follower BP Harish wondered: \"Why didn't the JD(S) field a candidate against Gowda? Justice Chandrashekaraiah was appointed Upa Lokayukta at the behest of JD(S) leaders.\"Some invitees made it clear Yeddyurappa cannot have his way. Jois reportedly said, \"The BJP was voted to power after H D Kumaraswamy betrayed us. If we betray Gowda, our party will face the JD(S) situation. Elections are about a year away, and this is not the time to change the leader.\" MLA C T Ravi said the party, and not personalities, mattered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12012761", "title": "Protesters vow to stop dam at all costs", "text": "GUWAHATI: NHPC's 2000-MW Lower Subansiri hydro-electric project is likely to face more resistance in the coming days, with hundreds of anti-dam activists resolving on Thursday to launch a total blockade of all construction materials for the project. The agitators took the pledge in the presence of Narmada Bachao Andolan leader Medha Patkar.The firebrand activist, addressing an anti-dam public rally in Lakhimpur district's Chawldhuwaghat, said the \"relentless\" people's movement against the Lower Subansiri project has become an all-India struggle against large dams.\"I salute your persistent agitation against large dams to save the Subansiri river. It is not only your movement. It is an all-India movement. The people of the Narmada and Brahmaputra valleys are united in the struggle against large dams,\" Patkar said, amid thunderous clapping from the crowd.During the rally, Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) general secretary Akhil Gogoi announced that the next phase of the stir would start from March 10, and would entail a total blockade of all construction materials for the project.Akhil told the crowd, \"The next phase of the movement will be a tougher one. Be ready to face the bullets. We are going to stop the movement of construction material by any means. We will prolong our movement till the rainy season. Once the rainy season starts, work at the project site will stop automatically.\"The crowd, also comprising a sizeable number of women, cheered in chorus as the KMSS leader announced the next phase of the movement. Later, the anti-dam supporters took a pledge at the Subansiri river that they would not allow the construction of the hydro-electric project.Work at the project site virtually came to a halt following a series of agitations by anti-dam groups since December 16 last year. The new phase of agitation indicates that the builder of the Lower Subansiri project, NHPC , will face even stiffer opposition in executing the work of the project. The project's date of commissioning has already been postponed to 2014.Senior citizens and the intelligentsia have also called a meeting on the issue of large dams and their impact on Assam here on February 26 and 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12011229", "title": "Anaemia, staff crunch hit efforts to curb IMR, MMR", "text": "INDORE: Severe crunch of doctors and paramedical staff and delivery of infants under unhygienic conditions have badly hit the state government's efforts to bring down the Maternal Mortality Rate (MMR) and Infant Mortality Rate (IMR). Anaemic pregnant women give birth to low weight babies and even result in premature birth at times. Such conditions put lives of infants on risk in state.These facts came to the fore during the budget session of the state assembly.Answering to a question raised by Congress MLA Pratap Grewal in the assembly, Minister of Public Health and Family Welfare Narottam Mishra informed that the state with a large population is facing shortage of human resources and is affecting emergency pregnancy services in the state. He also said that anaemia is one of the major reasons of high MMR in the state.According to assembly revelations, state had 335 MMR (per 1 lakh live births) during the year 2004-06 as per Sample Registration Survey (SRS) and it declined to 310 MMR in the year 2007-09 as per the Annual Health Survey of 2010. The minister accepted that state has high MMR than the national MMR and also cited reasons and absence of facilities that are restricting state to take care of the new born babies. Similar is the case of IMR, which was recorded 70 per thousand births as per the SRS 2009. The rate reduced to 62 in SRS 2011.Study by Vikas Samvad, an NGO had revealed that absence of doctors during emergencies and lack of necessary facilities are contributing to the worsening situation in the state. As per the study, in Indore division alone, 88 per cent posts of gynecologists and 38 per cent posts of pediatricians were lying vacant. If recruitments are made, IMR and MMR can be controlled to a great extent, the study added.However, the budget allocated to reduce IMR and MMR and other diseases have increased every year and shows differences in budget allocated by central government to state government under NRHM.According to the statement showing the allocation, release and expenditure under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), the budget saw upward trend each financial year since 2007-08. The figures in five financial years have increased from Rs 689.95 crore to Rs 870.83 crore. However, there is a huge difference in the budget allocated by the central government and the state government. In an RTI reply filed by whistle blower Dr Anand Rai with Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India, it has come to fore that central government allocated Rs 689.95 crore to state government in 2007-08 whereas state assembly figures revealed that only Rs 109.67 crore was allocated to state by the central government under NRHM. Similarly, in 2010-11, budget allocated by the central government was Rs 757.82 crore but state assembly figures reveals that only Rs 259.86 crore was allocated under NRHM.According to a study of health activists on availability of health facilities including health specialists is one of the major reasons of malnutrition, pregnancy problems and deaths of the mother and infant.Paediatrician posts in stateSanctionedvacant249In percentage56 filled43 vacantGynecologist posts in stateSanctionedVacant342In percentage45.6 filled54.4 vacantAnaemia figures as per National Family Health Survey (NFHS) 2010-11Anaemia in women in state (age 15-49)56 per centAnaemia in women in country55.3 per centLowest in Kerala with 32.8 per cent followed by Goa 38 per cent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12012635", "title": "VPs told not to hold gram sabhas during polls", "text": "PANAJI: The directorate of panchayats has directed village panchayats in Goa not to hold gram sabhas during the election period even if they had fallen short of the mandatory requirement.Apprehensions had been raised in some quarters that the gram sabhas may be misused politically by candidates to carry out poll propaganda.\"We have issued a circular to the panchayats to defer the gram sabhas till the election code of conduct ceases to be in force,\" an official of director of panchayats administration said.A Porvorim-based social activist, Juino D'Souza, had complained to the election commission, requesting it to issue a directive to postpone the gram sabhas to be held during the process of election.The polling will be held on March 3 and the counting of votes will be done on March 6. The panchayat administration had sought a clarification from the election commission after a few complaints. Though it is mandatory to hold gram sabhas within a specific period and some grass root bodies have delayed, the panchayat administration has requested them to defer them.A few panchayats had scheduled the gram sabhas on February 26. \"As a matter of abundant caution, we have asked panchayats not to hold the gram sabhas,\" the offi-cial said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12013430", "title": "Yogeshwar faces 14 cases in Rs 37-cr scam", "text": "BANGALORE: The Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) filed six criminal cases against forest minister CP Yogeshwar, his family members, his personal lawyer and auditor in two city courts on Thursday. The minister is accused of collecting a huge amount of money from the public for sites in a residential township project promoted by him and subsequently not giving people their sites or refunding their money.The standing counsel for central government, BP Puttasiddaiah, told TOI that six criminal cases were filed before the 8th additional chief metropolitan magistrate and eight cases relating to company matters were filed before the special court for economic offences.The SFIO, which comes under the ministry of corporate affairs, investigated the case of large-scale fraud and cheating of investors by Mega City (Bangalore) Builders and Developers Ltd (MDBL), an entity floated with much fanfare by Yogeshwar in April 2009.Though the initial SFIO investigation put the amount misappropriated by Yogeshwar's company at Rs 37.22 crore, the figure could be well over Rs 60 crore. Sixteen ministers, including Yeddyurappa , Janardhana Reddy and five Independents, have been embroiled in one scandal or the other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "seattle", "code": "12016170", "title": "SAP Board proposes 83% increase in dividend", "text": "SEATTLE: SAP AG, the biggest maker of business management applications, said its executive board recommended an 83 per cent increase of its dividend, including a special payout for its 40th anniversary, after a record year.Part of the proposed 1.10 euro ($1.47) payout is a 35-cent special dividend to mark SAP's 40th anniversary, while the regular dividend will increase by 25 per cent. If approved by shareholders and the supervisory board, it would cost 1.3 billion euros, the company said in a statement today.SAP, based in Walldorf, Germany, last month reported revenue and operating fourth-quarter profit that beat estimates, while Oracle Corp fell short in its most recent quarter. SAP forecast profit will rise this year, boosted by demand for analytics software and mobile programs. If adopted, the new dividend would see SAP paying out 38 per cent of earnings to shareholders.\"The best year in the history of our company should also be the best year for our shareholders,\" co-Chief Executive Officers Bill McDermott and Jim Hagemann Snabe said in a statement. \"The proposed dividend enables our shareholders to partake in our success.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12012515", "title": "Litter ruins beauty of Sam dunes", "text": "JAISALMER: The famous Sam sand dunes, located 40 km from Jaisalmer, are losing their charm. Garbage scattered all over by tourists, who come everyday, is spoiling the beauty of these dunes.Over 6 lakh tourists visit the sand dunes every year and also enjoy camel rides here. However, they litter the area by throwing plastic and liquor bottles. Now, the sand dunes are shrinking, and if the state government and district administration do not take immediate steps or set up proper guidelines for tourists, then in times to come, a new place will be needed to get the desert experience.About two months ago, chief minister Ashok Gehlot and his wife Sunita Gehlot had visited the sand dunes as part of their Jaisalmer trip. Sunita was quite disappointed on seeing garbage spread over the sand dunes. She even expressed her annoyance to a local tourism agent, who was escorting her.But no efforts have been made either to stop tourists from littering or even cleaning up the area.Approximately 8 years ago, the then district collector Hemant Gera had made commendable efforts in this regard. He had strictly banned carrying edible items to the sand dunes. Earlier, tourists, wanting to take edibles to the dunes, needed to pay a security amount for entry. On their return, the security amount would be refunded after ensuring they disposed off the waste properly in garbage bins. But the rules do not exist anymore.District collector M P Swami said that he has received complaints on the garbage spreading across the dunes and recently, during a visit to Sam, he gave instructions to the Sam Dune Vikas Samiti, to clean the dunes regularly. However, little effort has been made by the samiti in this direction though it has been charging a fee from tourist vehicles coming to Sam.According to Upendra Singh Rathore, who is in the tourism business, along with increasing pollution at Sam, other problems are also on the rise. Many touts, in form of camel riders, misbehave with tourists and forcefully collect money in the name of tips. Even women from the Jogi community misbehave with tourists and force tourists to give money to their children. Incidents of tourists losing their baggage are also a regular feature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "12011373", "title": "Nirmala allows outside world sneak peak into Abujhmarh", "text": "GADCHIROLI: Straddling the border of Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh, Abujhmarh, or the land of unknown terrain, is a vast unknown for the world. Former Naxal Somi Kulmethe, alias Nirmala, describes it as a place with thick, dense vegetation, with an abundance of animals but no sign of security forces or government officials.Nirmala spent more than five years as a Naxal cadre in Abujhmarh, teaching in the Naxal-sponsored school in the rebels' stronghold in Central India. During an informal conversation, Nirmala said the Naxals enjoy free run of Abujhmarh, where she had never spotted either security forces or government officials during her stay.\"There are computers and advanced communication systems which senior cadres based at Abujhmarh use. The cadres stay in the jungles but meetings and cultural fests propagating Naxalism are held in the adjoining villages,\" said Nirmala, adding that strangers coming into the area would be next to impossible.The area is so remote that Nirmala said they did not have any idea about the death of their senior leader Kishenji for a long time, until the information was relayed to them by another cadre. \"Abujhmarh is totally cut-off from the rest of the world, without television, radio or even newspapers. We get to read only party literature, magazines or audio cassettes of revolutionary songs,\" she said, adding that Kishenji's death did deal a blow to the organization.\"There are training sessions by the Naxal's military commission in Abujhmarh. They also have a small makeshift hospital, which receives medicine and financial aid from the central committee. There are cadres who are trained in medicine, who accompany cadres for ambushes or encounters,\" said Nirmala.Nirmala added that Naxals never leave their injured to die or in the hands of the security forces. \"We drag bodies of our colleagues and cremate them, but never allowed them to be taken away by security forces, for whom it would be a success. The injured are kept in remote villages and treated by Naxal cadres who are experts in paramedical works, with a few guards around to protect them,\" she said.Sources in the police also said that Nirmala claimed to have heard there was an arms factory too in Abujhmarh, but had not seen it herself.\"Senior cadres like Kosa and others often meet and discuss issues at Abujhmarh but grass roots level cadres usually do not have any clue about such rendezvous. There is steady movement of senior leaders through the safe haven of Abujhmarh, but they are very secretive,\" said Nirmala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12013833", "title": "Share of N-power in India is set to rise", "text": "MANGALORE: The current share of nuclear power in India is about 3%. But it has received major fillip in recent years and is poised to grow steadily. The key to capacity building in nuclear power sector critically depends on development of reliable nuclear power stations and an integrated system encompassing the complete fuel cycle, waste management and fissile fuel breeding, according to Srikumar Banerjee, chairman of Atomic Energy Commission ( AEC).Delivering the convocation address at the 30th convocation of Mangalore University here on Thursday, he said India has already developed adequate core competence in all aspects of nuclear energy, and its roadmap for three-stage nuclear programme provides a blueprint for achieving sustainable energy security. The first stage utilises natural uranium as fuel and heavy water as moderator in indigenously-developed pressurized heavy-water reactors.The second stage of the programme is based on fast breeder reactors (FBRs) which are fuelled by plutonium obtained by reprocessing of spent fuel of thermal reactors. The prototype FBR of 500MWe is currently under construction at Kalpakkam.The third stage will be based on the thorium U-233 cycle. Timely implementation of this stage is crucial to meet the increasing carbon-free demands in the country, Banerjee advocated. The entire thorium utilization programme will eventually require several new technology inputs. Many of these technologies have to be developed for the first time and independently in India, as no other country is as much dependent on the early implementation of the thorium fuel cycle as India is, he said.Sustained efforts over the past several years have helped India develop sufficient experience which has led to operation of research reactor. Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda , also pro-chancellor of MU, distributed gold medals and cash prizes to the students. While Surendra of MCom and Satyanarayana Sharma of MSc (Industrial Chemistry) bagged two gold medals each, Darsana Jacob Mathews of MA English bagged four cash prizes (highest). Deepu S V of MA (History) and Vidyasaraswathi of MA (Kannada) bagged three cash prizes each.The CM also conferred honourary doctorate - DSc - on Srikumar Banerjee, also secretary to the government of India, department of atomic energy, for his contribution to science and technology, and DLitt on Govinda Rao Marapalli of New Delhi for his contribution to education and Yerya Laxminarayana Alva of Bantwal for contribution to literature and social service. T C Shivashankara Murthy, vice-chancellor, K Chinappa Gowda, registrar and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12012509", "title": "'Cong tickets given on merit basis'", "text": "MARGAO: Congress general secretary in charge of Goa desk, Jagmeet Singh Brar, on Thursday rejected criticism of 'family raj' against the Congress stating that tickets were allotted \"on the basis of merit.\"\"We refute all charges levelled by the BJP against the Congress of promoting family raj. Personal contribution of individual candidates to the party was a prime consideration while deciding on the allocation of tickets. It was done on the basis of merit,\" Brar maintained, while addressing a press conference on Thursday.Chief minister Digambar Kamat, South Goa MP Fransisco Sardinha, speaker Pratapsingh Rane, AICC secrtary Sudhakar Reddy, general secretary Oscar Fernandes and Congress observer R V Deshpande, besides others, were present on the occasion.Brar further commended the Kamat-government for successfully concluding the five-year tenure. \"It's an outstanding performance by the Kamat government which is an example for the rest of the country,\" Brar said.He also accused the BJP-RSS of indulging in \"camouflage propaganda\" against the Congress. \"We have laid thrust on positive campaign on the strength of our performance and leadership. Leaders like Pratapsingh Rane, Kamat, Francisco Sardinha, have provided excellent leadership to the party,\" Brar said.Replying to a query, Kamat assured that the demand for special status for Goa will be pursued by the government. \"As it requires constitutional amendment and is likely to have political ramifications, the issue is being examined by the central government,\" Kamat said.Asked if any action is being contemplated by the party against Congress leaders campaigning against official party candidates, Brar said that \"stringent action\" will be taken against them. As regards allegations levelled by PWD minister Churchill Alemao that former MLA Luizinho Faleiro was working against him, Brar said \"we will decide about the matter.\"Rane, addressing the media, touched on the issue of medium of instruction and supported the government's decision of extending grants to English medium primary schools.Elections 2012 News  Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12013488", "title": "UP polls: Paramilitary jawans a helpful lot", "text": "KANPUR: The paramilitary forces deployed in the city for the smooth conduct of the polls won the hearts of the voters. Their helpful and decent behavior gave voters a confidence to come out in large numbers and cast their votes. The jawans also guided the voters to their rooms at the polling centres. Not only this, several elderly voters helped by the jawans at the polling centres.All this help by the jawans resulted in a rise in polling percentage in different assembly constituencies. Several voters told TOI that the cheerful and soft-spoken paramilitary jawans made their task of voting easy.\"The helpful and welcome attitude of the forces deployed at the polling booths encouraged the voters to cast their vote with full confidence and we are happy to have received such a warm welcome from the paramilitary jawans on duty,\" said Prakash Jaiswal, a voter at Lal Bangla area. Similar were the remarks of one Puneet Singh, a voter of Govind Nagar area. Puneet said that the forces were good to talk to and they helped him reach the exact room at the booth.Puneet also mentioned that his 75-year-old mother was helped by these armed men who cheerfully guided her to the exact room where voting was going on. At the outskirts of the city also, the rural population that had come to vote was elated as they were helped by the jawans. Several other voters expressed similar views about the paramilitary forces but there were many others who complained about the UP police's attitude. The voters complained that policemen did not allow them to park their vehicles even 200 meters beyond the polling booths.Rajesh Mehrotra, who had brought his 90-year-old mother to vote at St Xavier's college polling booth, said that the policemen on duty at the college gate did not allow him to park his vehicle. As a result, he had to make his mother walk the nearly 300 meters from the booth.Complaints about the UP police behaviour from the voters were quite common. The voters also mentioned that they were scolded by the policemen when they enquired about the polling booth or sought some other help. Such an incident also took place at Latouche Road where outside a polling station the policemen were seen rebuking a youth who had asked if he would be allowed to vote without a voter ID card.Help desks come to rescue:Help desks set up at each polling booth proved very useful for the voters. Several persons who did not have their voter slips, approached the help desks and collected their voter slips or their number on the electoral roll. Most of the information seekers were those who had filled their form 6 to get themselves enrolled in the voter list or those who did not get their voter ID cards or voter slips.Many persons returned disappointed as they didn't find their names in voter list. Dr Divya Tiwari was among one of them who returned home in disappointment. Sharing her views, she said, \"I myself had filled the form of her family. Except my name, all other members had their names in the voter list.\" In another case, one B K Sharma of Nawabganj area lodged his protest with the ADM (city) and claimed that the list of his locality was faulty.Meanwhile, last minute change in the address of a polling booth in Kidwai Nagar assembly area caused inconvenience to around 1,000 voters.In the list released by the Election Commission and voter slips, the address of the polling booth was printed as Cambridge School near Juhi Bus Depot. But the booth was changed and shifted to Dr Soney Lal Patel School on Hamirpur Road.Most of the voters first went to Cambridge School and then returned as the school gate was closed and a notice was pasted about the shifting of the booth.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011390", "title": "India tops the world in open defecation", "text": "NAGPUR: India has the dubious distinction of being a topper in terms of open defecation, a UNICEF survey has revealed as well. This is a major public health concern, stressed officials from the agency. This habit of the countrymen makes the people prone to water-borne diseases, increasing the burden on the economy, they said.India had an astounding number of 58% people defecating in the open, said the survey. China and Indonesia came in a distant second with just 5% of their population not having toilets. Pakistan and Ethiopia were third with 4.5% such people. UNICEF officials were in the city to attend an international workshop on water contamination organized by National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (Neeri), in association with Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation ( MDWS), Government of India, UNICEF, WHO and International Water Association (IWA).Every year, 1.8 million people across the world die of microbial contamination (bacteria, viruses, amoeba) of water, said Pawan Labhasetwar, scientist and head of water technology and management division from Neeri. Secretary of the Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation Vilasini Ramachandran, who was also present, admitted that this was a major concern and that the government was working towards finding a solution to it.\"The faeces left in the open, along with microbes they carry, get washed away by rains contaminating the various sources of water. This water when consumed by people can result into various illnesses,\" said Aidan Cronin, water advisor of UNICEF. Diarrhoea, a major illness spread through contaminated water, kills around 800 children below the age of 5 every day in the country, he revealed.\"Since most of the defecating places double up as playgrounds for rural children, chances of direct exposure also are high. Vectors like flies can bring the microbes into drinking water or food,\" said Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH) specialist of UNICEF Gregor Meerganz von Medeazza. The practice also creates a security risk for rural women besides it being a matter of dignity, he added.UNICEF has been trying to get the number of people defecating in the open down. Small changes, however, do no good in this case, insist the officials. \"We have observed that even when up to 20% people change the habit and switch over to toilets, incidence of diarrhoea remains the same. There must be a total change in the habit,\" said von Medeazza.The officials said there was stiff opposition in most villages when they tried advocating the use of toilets. They believed a change in cultural behaviour of the people was the only way out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "12011356", "title": "She hitchhiked five days through forest to surrender", "text": "GADCHIROLI: At the age of 13, Somi Kulmethe alias Nirmala's child-like curiosity took her on a road to the world of the Red Rebels. After 12 years with them, a disillusioned Nirmala's reverse journey from the heart of the Naxal fortress in Abhujamadh to mainstream of the society was no cakewalk. Nirmala along with her former colleague Jagat Sonu Madavi, 20, laid down their guns before the police and district administration last week.Though Nirmala could not say the total distance she travelled before reaching home at Medpalli in Aheri taluka a few days back, the former Naxal cadre could recall it took five days for her to complete the journey through deep forest, crossing the rough and inhospitable terrain and requesting rides for certain distances to reach her native place in Aheri.Nirmala, a former wife of Naxal leader of the rank of Divisional commander, told TOI about the harassment women faced in the movement. \"Zabardasti bahut hota hai ladkiyon ke saath\" (Girls face a lot of exploitation) she said. One cannot marry without permission and then ensure they remain childless by undergoing a sterilization surgery. \"If a woman does get pregnant, she is isolated and kept in some village hideout,\" said Nirmala.Nirmala decided to leave the Jantana Sarkar Bhoomkaal School, funded and managed by the Naxals, after a spat with a senior leader. She knew that staying back was no longer safe for her especially when Jagat had already deserted the movement a couple of days earlier. Nirmala left the Naxal-run school at Metapada in Abhujamadh where she taught to reach a nearby village for shelter. She then went on foot for a couple of days through jungles and hamlets, seeking favours of night-stays and free rides before reaching Medpalli.\"I did not have even Rs 50 with me after working for the movement since 2000. Since 2007, I was teaching at the school to students brought by Naxal leaders were enrolled,\" she said. She however now regrets not having studied much as her dream of joining the police force after surrender is shattered due to lack of education. \"I took the daring steps as many of my relatives are in police and knew they would help me. After such a gruelling journey avoiding the common routes Naxals prefer, I managed to reach my village at 3 pm,\" said Nirmala.Apart from fear of her own colleagues hunting her down, Nirmala faced usual dangers of deep forest that is full of wild animals other dangers all alone. Nirmala confirmed the fact that the Naxals were undergoing a chronic recruitment crisis. \"The Dalams have only a few members. Most of the time there is a commander and couple of more persons. It is the jan militia or the supporting villagers who make up numbers for them,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12013710", "title": "Electricity supply goes for a toss in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: The power supply dwindled as the mercury rose in the on Thursday. A technical snag at 132 kv Ledhupur substation triggered power crisis in majority of trans-Varuna areas including Pandeypur, Ashapur and Paharia. Local faults in power lines disrupted electricity supply in Mahmoorganj, Khojwan, Sunderpur and adjoining areas.According to Subhash Mehta, executive engineer, Dubakia control unit, most parts of the city are witnessing scheduled power rostering of four hours in the day as per the instructions from Lucknow control room. Efforts are being made to ensure uninterrupted power supply in the nights, but technical snags are resulting in unscheduled rostering even in nights, he added. Meanwhile, as per the reports from Met office , the mercury soared over 34 degrees to record 34.7 degrees on Thursday. The minimum temperature also witnessed a rise of three degrees in the last 24 hours, soaring from 14 degrees to 17 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016555", "title": "Trisha flies to Bangkok", "text": "After languishing in the heat for the past 15 days or so, Trisha must be happy to fly down to Bangkok.The actress was in Pollachi to shoot for the Jr NTR starrer Dammu. While on the shoots, Trisha had said that the heat is unbearable and with some scenes being re-shot, it was very difficult for her.The actress has completed her shooting portions in Dammu and has now flown down to Bangkok where the Samaran shooting will resume. Samaran stars Vishal as the lead star and the film is directed by Thiru. Trisha pairs up with Vishal for the first time and Sunaina also appears in an important role.source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016140", "title": "Saif Ali Khan's fight jokes go viral", "text": "Saif Ali Khan's altercation at a five star had many on Twitter coming up with impromptu jokes, limericks and one-liners. Here are some of the funnier ones@Bburp:Do you think its 'Saif' to eat at The Taj anymore? @Sanjay Mehta:Where are the fight sequences of Agent Vinod happening? At Senior Citizens' Homes @Narendra:The Only Khan Who Is Yet To Hit Anyone Is Aamir Khan ... B'Cuz His Hits Are Where It Matters The Most: At The Box Office @Rohit Mohan: Saif's mom to Saif after the PunchGate: 'Tum ne galti Kareena' @Rameez Shaikh: Saif's girlfriend's name is Kareena. Iqbal Sharma's wife's name is Tarina. God and his jokes, I tell you @Pranay Lakhotia: It'll be amazing if Saif and Kareena get married in a cell. Low-key affair.No long list of guests. Free food. Honeymoon of sorts @Deepanshu Kukreja:Saif's first solo hit! @Rohan Joshi:Saif didn't punch anybody. He walked out of the place and his nose clocked someone. That'll happen @BollywoodGandu:Punches guy in face at 5 star hotel. Releases new movie trailer next day. Publicity doesn't come any cheaper for Saif Ali Khan @Yash:After the voice-over in Roadside Romeo, Saif Ali Khan took the job too seriously @Sprayrose: So, 'Padmashree' Saif Ali Khan gets drunk and hits a senior citizen... He should get 'Gundashree' award now @Cyrus Broacha:'X' married 'Z' twice his age, left her and now dates 'Y' 1/2 his age What's the age of 'X'? Student: Don't know but 'X' = Saif Ali Khan @Tanmay Bhatt:So it's true what they say - Wasabi really hits you in the nose", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011710", "title": "Kaif, Chawla spark UP win", "text": "NAGPUR: They say life is not how hard you can hit, but how much you can take and keep moving forward. With four India players in their squad, Uttar Pradesh's reputation certainly took a beating, especially after conceding a bonus point victory to Madhya Pradesh on Tuesday. They needed to pull their socks up; show a lot of character; needed somebody to show them the way. Uttar Pradesh found the inspiration in Mohd Kaif (79, 102b, 9x4, 1x6) and Piyush Chawla (10-1-30-3; 63, 43b, 6x4, 4x6).When chips were down, the duo put their hands up to fashion a brilliant six-wicket over young Rajasthan in the central Zone Vijay Hazare tournament on Thursday. Their 78-ball 91-run fourth wicket stand ensured Uttar Pradesh's bonus point victory that put them back in contention for the knock-outs. They chased down the target of 203 in 38.1 overs.For the first time in the tournament, Uttar Pradesh were fielding first; that must have given a sigh of relief to their batsmen, who were woefully out of form. Rajasthan started off smoothly after opting to bat first as openers Sourabh Chouhan and Dishant Yagnik saw off the tidy spell by UP pacers RP Singh and Bhuwanesh Kumar. However, Imtiaz Ahmed struck twice in successive balls to remove Chouhan and skipper Robin Bisht. When Chawla sent back well-set Yagnik four balls later, Rajasthan had lost the momentum. Experienced Rashmi Ranjan Parida batted fluently but Rajasthan kept on losing wickets at wrong time. His 64-run stand with Puneet Yadav staged a recovery but Ahmed yet again struck with a well pitched up delivery that came in sharply to uproot Yadav's stumps. Parida had another useful stand with Vaibhav Deshpande but once he fell to Ali Murtaza , Rajasthan hardly looked like posting competitive total.The target of 202 was a challenge for Uttar Pradesh, especially after their top order failed twice in the last two matches. However, they batted with an intent despite losing Rohit Prakash early. Kaif, in company of Tanmay Shrivastava, ensured there's no top order collapse this time. He batted with class and authority. His timing was neat as a pin and he was moving well at the crease. The 31-year-old was especially strong off the backfoot hitting some gorgeous drives through cover and extra cover. His pulled six of Rituraj Singh showed he was prepared to take on the bowlers. Never during his 160-min stay, Kaif played a loose shot. Shrivastava, on the other hand, started steadily but slowly changed the gears and played some delightful straight and off drives. His unnecessary run out ended the 82-run second wicket stand. Ali's quick departure gave Rajasthan a glimmer of hope but Chawla tore the Rajasthan attack apart with some aggressive and adventurous hitting-three out of his four sixes went out of the ground. When he was cleaned up during the Batting Powerplay by Raman Chahar, the Indian leggie had done enough damage. The match was well and truly in UP's grip by then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011523", "title": "Road mishaps claim three", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after a forest department employee was knocked dead by an unidentified truck, two more youths lost their lives in hit-and-run mishaps while a 45-year-old man was killed by a trailer in separate accidents in the city.The father of two school going daughters, Manish Katkar was on Manewada ring road when an unidentified vehicle hit his scooter on Wednesday night. Ajni police were informed by passers-by about Katkar lying injured and unconscious on the road.Police said he was rushed to Government Medical College and Hospital where he was declared brought dead. Cops found a cell phone from his pocket through which his family members were informed. Katkar, a resident of Dwarkapuri, was working with a private firm. Police have registered a case of accidental death and are trying to trace the killer vehicle.Another fatal hit-and-run mishap was registered at Sonegaon police station on Thursday morning. Police said the case was registered 10 days after an unidentified injured youth was found on Wardha road near Khapri on Sunday evening. The youth was later identified as Krishna Debhare, a resident of Butibori. Debhare was on his bicycle, heading to his residence, when he was knocked down, said police. The injured youth was rushed to GMCH and died during treatment on Friday. Police said the case was registered after the post mortem report mentioned the cause of death as road accident.In the third incident, cyclist Bhumeshwar Ghutke was knocked dead by a speeding minitruck at Vinoba Bhave Nagar on Wednesday evening. Ghutke was heading to his residence at Pravesh Nagar, said police. Yashodhara Nagar police have arrested the truck driver Jagmohan Sahoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "12013642", "title": "Burdwan killings: Cops don\u2019t seek custody", "text": "BURDWAN: Giving the most basic step in any criminal case the go-by, Burdwan police on Thursday did not seek custody of the four persons arrested for the gruesome murder of CPM leaders Pradip Ta and Kamal Gayen, raising charges of political interference in the work of the police force.The bail plea of the four accused were opposed in general, prompting a Burdwan court to remand the four in jail custody for two weeks. This virtually shuts the option for government to seek police custody later. \"The reason is simple. Police have to plead for taking the accused in their custody within two weeks from the arrest but they will be in jail during that period,\" said senior lawyer Milon Mukherjee.Ta, a former MLA, and Gayen were bludgeoned to death during a CPM rally in the heart of Burdwan town on Wednesday. Immediately after the public murders, chief minister Mamata Banerjee and some of her ministers gave a clean chit to the arrested Trinamool men, insisting CPM in-fighting was to blame for the murders. Comparisons are now being drawn with how the chief minister had jumped the gun and called the Park Street rape a \"fabricated story\" only to be proved wrong three days later.\"The police are under pressure following the statements issued by the CM and her ministerial colleagues.The police didn't even appeal for custody, whereas in the Majdia College incident, they had taken college students into police custody. The government is trying to influence the probe,\" opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra said after meeting Governor M K Narayanan on Thursday.Responding to questions from the media, the Governor said, \"Murder is a heinous crime. Probe is on. Let it proceed. We should not pre-judge who, when and what.\"The police's reluctance to seek custody of the four accused in the murders of the CPM leaders in Burdwan drew flak from the legal community.Lawyer Arunava Ghosh said: \"When the CM, who is also the home minister, says that the murder is due to CPM infighting, it is apparent that no Trinamool worker will be brought to book. In fact, the police will now try to do everything to see that those arrested are acquitted. Taking the accused into custody is the most basic step police take in murder cases. This is necessary to gather clues and evidence to buttress the charge.\"Criminal lawyer Tamal Mukherjee said that while interrogation is also possible in jail custody, \"it is expected that police will seek remand of the accused in a murder case on the first day they are produced in court\". \"Investigation entails recording statements, collecting evidences and unearthing the crime, which is possible only if the accused are in police custody,\" he said.The four suspects were produced in the court of acting Burdwan chief judicial magistrate Bhaskar Majumdar amid tight security. Defence counsel Sadhan Ta, who is also the vicepresident of Trinamool's Burdwan rural area said there were vital gaps in the FIR and the police report presented in court. He pointed out that the FIR mentioned that the victims were killed with crude weapons and stones but the police had seized only bamboos, tree branches and stones from the scene of crime. \"There is no mention of crude weapons,\" he argued. He later told TOI: \"The seizure list is a vital document for trial. Also there is no specific allegation against the accused.\"Opposing the bail plea, assistant public prosecutor Asiur Rahaman said that probe was in a primary stage. \"The four were arrested from the spot and weapons were seized from them,\" he said. The magistrate remanded the four suspects in jail custody till March 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011712", "title": "Gehlot keeps Railways running", "text": "NAGPUR: Call cricket a simple game and Railways' players won't twitch an eyelid to second it. No demystifying gods, no navigating tough terrain, no trekking mountains; Just pure classical stuff with the ball and they found nirvana.Railways' new ball bowlers rekindled the good old West Indian style of play. Perfume balls were back in the reckoning. Batsmen lined up, one-by-one got the stench and listlessly went back in the hut. Railways made the winning roar just 2.30 hours after the start cruising past Madhya Pradesh by nine wickets to top the table in the Central Zone Vijay Hazare Trophy match at VCA, Jamtha ground on Thursday.Snorters from Shailender Gehlot and Krishnakant Upadhyay, which were then followed up by peach of deliveries, chocked MP batsmen as they were wrapped up for 48 runs in 17.2 overs less than one and half hours after they were put into bat. Both Gehlot and Upadhyay used the demons in the pitch to excellent effect.Gehlot, who flashed 6-20 against him name, removed Naman Ojha and skipper Mohnish Mishra in the very first over to set cat among the pigeons. Gehlot further made sure that it was not a day of rebuilding as Harpreet Singh Bhatia and opener Jalaj Saxena followed their skipper in similar fashion-scoreboard reading their sorry state with 9-4 after 4.2 overs.After his partner opened the floodgates, Upadhyay accounted for three lower order batsmen. Batsmen kept edging balls and Railways wicketkeeper Mahesh Rawat obliged with some nice takes. Rawat also went on to set a national record for most catches by a keeper.Once 21-7 and then 28-8, MP threatened Saurashtra's lowest-ever score of 37 runs in the Hazare Trophy. However, with Sanjay Bangar choosing to give elongated spells to both his prime bowlers, some extras and free hits dragged the MP total close to 50.Though Railways lost Shivakant Shukla, local lads and Rajasthan Royals' duo of Amit Paunikar (22*; 27b, 4x4) and Faiz Fazal (17*; 23b, 1x4) saw them home in just the tenth over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "sangareddy", "code": "12011989", "title": "US team offers solution to high infant mortality rate", "text": "SANGAREDDY: An expert team from the US has come up with an action plan to counter a high infant mortality rate (IMR) in Medak district even as officials contend that the district is doing much better than the state average of 17%.The three-member team of officials from the Columbia University , which was sent by the Union government to suggest measures to improve district healthcare, has proposed streamlining of health services to check the incidence of high mortality among newly-born infants. The team pointed out that it was callousness on the part of officials and medical staff which was one of the primary factors behind a high IMR. The expert trio said that the streamlining of the work of ANMs, or auxiliary nurse midwives, would go a long way in ensuring that there were a greater number of institutional deliveries. Side by side, it was suggested, care must be taken to see that villagers did not have to turn to quacks at the time of delivery. Sources claim that the mortality rate in Medak is a dubious 46%. It is the lack of proper nourishment for pregnant women and an absence of suitable medical facilities, which, sources said, was the chief reason behind a high IMR adding that almost 7% of children were dying before completing their first year.\"The lowest mortality rates are found in advanced countries, like Norway and Sweden . The team from the US felt that the IMR should be properly recorded before remedial measures were introduced,\" Janardhan Reddy, the district health programme officer, told TOI. Medak is one of the five districts in the country which was selected for the study.The team led by Ranveer Dhillon visited some primary health centres and interacted with pregnant women, inquiring about medical services and food supplied at Anganwadi centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12011427", "title": "CM Kiran Reddy, Chandrababu Naidu spar over corruption", "text": "HYDERABAD: Opposition parties, including TDP, BJP and CPM, staged a walkout from the Legislative Assembly on Thursday after a seven-hour discussion on the motion of thanks to the governor's address which witnessed heated exchanges between chief Minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and opposition leader N Chandrababu Naidu .Tempers ran high when Kiran, in his reply, said Naidu resorted to dubious deals when he was chief minister by mortgaging the interests of the state for petty gains. What annoyed the TDP chief was the statement by Reddy that Naidu could have landed in jail for his dubious role in the Emaar scam.Taking objection to the remarks, Naidu said the chief minister had no moral right to criticise him and informed the House how he came out clean in more than 35 court cases foisted against him by Y S Rajasekhara Reddy. Naidu said only IAS officers were being punished while ministers were let off for the irregularities during the eight-year Congress rule. \"This government is afraid of punishing ministers who have colluded with the liquor syndicate and swindled Rs 15,000 crore by selling liquor above the MRP. The whole world knows that if you sack any of the corrupt ministers, your government will fall like pack of cards,\" he said.Reacting sharply to the criticism, Kiran Kumar Reddy asked Naidu how he could forget the fake stamp paper scam which cost his cabinet colleague four years of jail term. \"You might have also ended up in prison. We will discuss the liquor issue during the proposed debate in the Assembly,\" he said.The heated debate saw TDP members rushing into the well of the House more than six times in protest against Reddy's remarks against their leader. In a spirited defence, Naidu offered a 25-minute explanation on all major allegations against him, including acquittals in various courts.Earlier in the day, the House witnessed several animated moments when Congress member Cheruku Muthyam Reddy questioned Naidu's sudden love for farmers and students. \"Instead of resorting to petty politics, I call upon all members to be role models in the society and evolve ways to stop wasteful expenditure. Instead of pointing fingers at each other, let us evolve a mechanism that can fetch a better MSP for farmers,\" he said and was critical of the role of Adarsha Rythus in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12011897", "title": "Forest fires main cause of drop in green cover in AP: Survey", "text": "HYDERABAD: The main reason for the rapid drop in green cover in Andhra Pradesh seems to be hidden in the Forest Survey of India's (FSI) latest data on forest fires. As per FSI, the state has witnessed 506 forest fires in the last 51 days alone, which is almost five times more than any other state in India. In fact, on February 20 itself, there were as many as 169 fires reported across AP mainly from Khammam, Mahbubnagar and Adilabad.While the reasons for these alarming number of fires range from 'controlled burning' undertaken by state-appointed foresters to illegal clearing of ground by tribals and poachers to even the lack of proper fire management programmes implemented by the forest department, environmentalists fear that such a trend might soon cast a shadow on the fate of AP's green cover. \"Apart from further receding the state's forest area, these fires are also likely to deteriorate the health of trees,\" said former IFS officer Sarvottam Rao, dismissing the argument of officials about fires boosting the growth of plants. \"For instance, they (forest authorities) claim that controlled burning in the Telangana region improves the growth of beedi leaves. This is unscientific. The fires, instead, make the leaves harder and bitter,\" Rao said. There are also other concerns such as poor regeneration of trees and dropping moisture levels of the soil, that are further heightened due to such fires, experts noted.Other states with larger forest areas have reported only a miniscule percentage of forest fires in the corresponding period. Madhya Pradesh, for instance, with the largest forest cover of 77,700 sq km has witnessed just about 84 forest fires this year. In Maharashtra (50,650 sq km), it is been restricted to a moderate139 while in Orissa (48,855 sq km) the numbers haven't crossed 25.Forest officials underplay the issue terming it as a usual phenomenon, but environmentalists stress on the need for a better fire management policy. The 385 fire watchers and 100-odd fire towers (to spot any fire), which the state department claim to have in place, are clearly not enough to protect the state's forest spread, they say. \"There is a huge scope for improving fire management in AP,\" said Farida Tampal, state director, World Wildlife Foundation (WWF-AP), expressing serious concern over the raging number of fires reported from the state lately. She added, \"While we have on several occasions offered to help the forest department to tackle fires, our pleas have not been honoured so far.\" The WWF has in the past conducted a thorough study on forest fires across Indian states.\"We do this to lay fire lines (a gap in vegetation so that the flames do not spread), to maintain the ones we have created in the past and to provide better sighting of animals for tourists. These fires are hardly dangerous,\" said P K Sharma, additional principal chief conservator of forests, IT. However, he quickly added how the state department, with its limited budget, was in no position to do anything more.\"We, on an average, get just about Rs 10 crore for fire management. It is not enough to address the issue,\" the APCCF claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12013895", "title": "Glittering start to Malabar Mahotsavam", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Malabar Mahotsavam, city's annual art and cultural extravaganza, got off to a glittering start on Thursday at the open air stage on Kozhikode Beach. Hundreds had gathered to see the programme and they were treated to impressive dance and music performances.This is the 15th edition of the Mahotsavam that sees a range of art and literary events. Country's top names in music, entertainment and literature attend the four-day event.The inaugural show was a semi-classical dance performance, Nadanalayam, by actress Remya Nambeesan and team. There were also performances by gazal singers Bhupinder Singh and wife Mitali, and classical music by Bharat Sunder on the day.State tourism minister A P Anilkumar inaugurated the event. A Pradeep Kumar MLA presided over the function. Noted lyricist and music director Kaithapram Damodaran Namboodiri and athlete PT Usha were special guests at the inaugural ceremony.Today: Manipuri martial art show Thang Ahum Yannaba featuring sword fight by three performers, at 6 pm, on the Beach; Musical show by singers Benny Dayal and Sayanora at 6.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12012898", "title": "Photo electoral rolls project to be completed by July 15", "text": "GUWAHATI: The pilot project of introducing photo electoral rolls (PERs) in Assam , which began on January 16 in Kamrup (Metro) district, will be completed by July 15, Kamrup (Metro) ADC Dhrubajyoti Das said on Thursday.Das said the district administration urged the political parties in a meeting to appoint booth-level agents to assist the booth-level officers who are approaching citizens with computer-generated forms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011548", "title": "Mob clashes with cops at Karkardooma", "text": "NEW DELHI: East Delhi's Karkardooma and Anand Vihar areas turned into a battlefield on Thursday afternoon with a 100-strong mob emerging out of the court complex and cops in riot gear confronting it. The violent showdown lasted for over three hours. While the police claimed the violence was sparked by an MCD demolition drive, some protestors alleged that two lawyers had been beaten up by a constable with a stick after he asked them for a bribe to stop the demolition drive. Till late at night, no FIR had been lodged.At least three policemen, two press photographers and several others were injured. An MCD junior engineer, Nishant Singh, was allegedly beaten up inside the Anand Vihar police station. Vivek Vihar police station SHO Jarnail Singh and DCP (east) Prabhakar's driver, head constable Sanjay, had to be admitted at hospital while the uniform of Vivek Vihar SHO Avtar Singh Rawat was torn.A photographer of a national Hindi daily was beaten up when he tried to take pictures of the rioters and his camera damaged. At least seven vehicles, including the official vehicle of the local ACP, a PCR van and a cop's motorbike were damaged.By late evening, men from all 12 police stations of east district had been rushed to the spot. Prabhakar, additional DCP Asif Mohammad and four ACPs were at the spot till reports last came in. Over 200 men were stationed near the Karkardooma court complex.Things began to spin out of control around 4 pm on Monday when 26-year-old Nishant, a junior engineer with MCD's Shahdara (South) Zone, was on a routine demolition and sealing drive in Inderpuri, located next to Karkardooma. MCD officials say that the team had demolished a portion of the house, which belonged to an advocate. \"The labourers were beaten up by the locals but the police managed to save the junior engineer and take him to Anand Vihar police station. The matter was being resolved at the police station when a group of people barged inside the police station and thrashed Nishant and tore files,'' said an MCD engineer.Police said that once the cops at Anand Vihar managed to push back the rioters from the police station, they went to the court police post and began beating up the cops. ``We were running in and out of the complex trying to protect ourselves,'' claimed a cop. DCP (east) Prabhakar said probe was on. ``We have videographed the episode. We are identifying the culprits,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011836", "title": "Housing plan for poor hits roadblock", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Government's plan to make way for transit accommodation for slum-dwellers, who may not be eligible for flats for economically weaker sections, has hit a roadblock. The Union ministry of urban development and poverty alleviation has raised concerns over the size of the project, which seeks to create room for 30,000 people in transit. The Centre also has reservations about the funding proposed by the state.Delhi State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation's proposal for a transit accommodation in Kanjhawala and Samaspur in northwest Delhi was sent to Union ministry of urban development and poverty alleviation for approval. But the Centre has reverted to the state with a list of queries. The urgent need for a transit accommodation was also discussed at the Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board meeting chaired by chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Thursday. The state has sent its reply to the ministry emphasizing on the urgency for a transit facility.Delhi government wants the transit facility to be developed under the Centre's flagship programme - the Rajiv Awaas Yojna - which makes room for rental EWS accommodation. The project is proposed to be developed at Rs 300 crore by 2015.The state's proposal asserts the need for transit accommodation citing surveys which show that nearly 50% to 60% of slum-dwellers failed to fulfill the eligibility criteria for being allotted the flats for the economically weaker sections.Surveys carried out across 33-odd slums selected for the first round of relocation laid out that many did not have documents to fulfill the eligibility criterion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12012978", "title": "Now, hold functions within city", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Now residents of the city won't have to go to its periphery looking for marriage palaces or banquet halls, as finance and contract committee (F&CC;) of the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation, while giving temporary respite to them, on Thursday, proposed to open three big grounds for public for holding of functions.These venues are the Dussehra grounds in Sector 17 and Manimajra, besides an open area in the pocket number 8 of Manimajra.In a bid to avoid road accidents during night hours, the committee proposed to install reflectors on all the roads of the city, so that these could give fair idea to the drivers about the roads.These proposals were made during the eight-hour long budgetary discussion at the F&CC; meeting, in which the committee also proposed to enhance the upcoming financial budget of the civic body from Rs 780 crore to Rs 812 crore and the entire enhancement would be done in the plan segment.\"In the absence of facilities for holding big functions within the city and MC's marriage palaces taking time to come up, we have proposed temporary arrangements for the residents, so that at least they can avail the space to hold big functions. This is one of the crucial requirements of the residents,\" said Pardeep Chhabra, member of the committee.\"Though various issues were discussed at the meeting, our main focus was on sanitation, regarding which an over three-hour long discussion was held. The present sanitary conditions are very poor but residents will really see the change in the next financial year,\" assured Subash Chawla, another member of the committee. \"We have tried to present a budget for the overall development of the city and as it will be discussed in the general house meeting there is scope for increase in budgetary allocation as per the suggestions of members,\" said city mayor Rajbala Malik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12011927", "title": "Ryots oppose industrial park", "text": "HYDERABAD: Apprehensive that they too might be subjected to the same treatment as meted out to the farmers of Polepalli where the land was taken away for a Special Economic Zone (SEZ), residents of 10 villages in Medak and Warangal districts are up in arms. This over the move of the state government to acquire about 8,000 acres of land belonging to them for an industrial park. The park is to come up under the aegis of the AP Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC), an entity that is already mired in controversies due to the Emaar scam and Jagan assets cases. The apprehensions heightened after chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and Union commerce minister Anand Sharma announced at the recent Partnership Summit that a manufacturing hub would come up in Gajwel mandal in Medak district and Cheryal in Warangal district, the areas that fall in the vicinity of these villages.One month into the announcement, the residents of these 10 villages are gearing up to oppose the entry of officials from revenue and industries departments either to conduct a survey or pursue any other activity related to the proposed industrial park. In a series of protests against the industrial park during the last few weeks, the villagers staged a rasta roko on the Rajiv Rahadari, submitted memoranda to MPs and held meetings to highlight the issue. Now, they are planning to plunge into direct action in order to save their fertile land. To lead the struggle against the proposed industrial park, the people of the villages have invited Surepalli Sujata, a sociology professor of Satavahana University, Karimnagar, who spearheaded the anti-SEZ movement. Sujatha is of the view that the move to set up a park should be nipped in the bud failing which the villages may end up like Polepalli where ousted farmers were left without any rehabilitation.After a recent meeting of the farmers, Narredla Srinivas Reddy, a young farmer, said the proposal to set up an industrial park was a conspiracy. \"All the land in these villages is fertile with plenty of ground water available. Barring few hundred acres, the land is owned by small and marginal farmers. If the land is acquired, we will be left without any source of livelihood like the Polepalli farmers,\" Srinivas Reddy said. Charging that a land survey is being conducted by the authorities in a clandestine manner, he says that he is busy setting up village committees to intensify the agitation against the proposed industrial park.\"We are celebrating Komaravalli Bramhotsavam, which will end in mid March. We will launch the next phase of the agitation after that. The state has to make it clear as to whether an industrial park is coming up in the agricultural land,\" he said. K Srinivas Goud, sarpanch of Gaurayapalli village, threatened that the villagers would resort to mass suicides if they are forced to give up their precious land holdings. \"We are not fighting for enhanced compensation. We do not want an industrial park on our fertile land. No amount of money would compensate the loss of such land,\" Goud said. According to Goud, what has shocked the farmers is that the proposal is appearing on the horizon at a time when all of them are eagerly waiting for water from the Devadula lift irrigation scheme. \"Canals have already been dug. Once water is released, our area will become a gold mine for farmers,\" he said. K Sudhakar Rao, an advocate actively involved in the mobilization of the villagers against the park, said the proposal would be opposed tooth and nail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12012227", "title": "BIADA jobs: Petitioner told to move Lokayukta", "text": "PATNA: A division bench of Patna high court comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Gopal Prasad on Thursday asked the petitioner against appointments on contractual basis in Bihar Industrial Area Development Authority, to approach the state Lokayukta.Petitioner Deepak Kumar had challenged the appointments made after 2007, alleging irregularities and terming them as misuse of public money.In another case, a single bench presided by Justice A K Tripathi on Thursday directed the state government to conduct Teacher Eligibility Test (TET) for appointment of fine arts teachers in different schools in the state and prepare its syllabus within six months. The order was passed on a PIL filed by Bihar Fine Arts Teachers' Association.In a separate contempt of court case, a single bench presided by Justice V N Sinha directed the state government to take action against the officials of Bihar State Housing Board responsible for the delay in allotment of house to one Harikant Thakur despite the court's earlier directive.The court ordered action against the erring officials and allotment of house to Thakur within two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12012861", "title": "US ambassador visits Numaligarh Refinery", "text": "GUWAHATI: US ambassador to India Peter A Burleigh, along with his entourage, visited Numaligarh Refinery (NRL) on Tuesday as part of his trip for exploring investment opportunities in the northeast.Burleigh was accompanied by consul general Dean R Thompson and members of staff from the US Consulate General in Kolkata. Upon arrival at the refinery, the US delegation was accorded a warm welcome by NRL director (Technical) SR Medhi and senior officials of the company.The team was taken on tour to the refinery where they were familiarized with various plant units, including the state of the art hydrocracker unit, which runs on technology imported from USA. The ambassador interacted with senior officials of the company on possible areas of collaboration, especially in the field of technology transfer.The team also visited Butterfly Valley - the unique eco system comprising of diverse flora and fauna and rare species of butterflies - located within the NRL Township premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12011871", "title": "4 held for BJP man\u2019s murder", "text": "MUMBAI: Four persons, including a woman and her minor sister, were arrested by the crime branch on Thursday for the murder of a Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) worker in Dharavi.The police said those arrested were Mohammed Khalid Shaikh (28), Mohammed Talah Razak (22) and Poonam, while the minor's identity has been withheld.Vasant Zota (52), a resident of Priyadarshani co-operative housing society at 90 Feet Road in Dharavi, and a ration-shop owner, was found killed in his office on February 19. \"Poonam said Zota was a womanizer, he exploited her and wanted to exploit her younger sister too. She wanted to teach him a lesson,\" said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12012708", "title": "Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio calls for development of Kohima suburbs", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio on Wednesday stressed on the need to expand the state capital Kohima and establish satellite townships and sub-urban areas on the outskirts of the city. Addressing a gathering after inaugurating the 11-km road from Viirie to Kohima constructed under MGNREGS, Rio urged the state's real estate owners to have a positive mindset and handover their lands to government for developmental works as it would ensure better and proper planning in the expansion of the state capital.The CM also greeted the people on the occasion of Sekrenyi festival and congratulated the Kohima Village Council and Village Development Board (VDB), Kohima, for successfully completing the road, which was constructed at a cost of around Rs 1.5 crore. Lauding the land owners of Kohima Village for donating the land for developmental works, Rio hoped that the establishment of the road will ease the flow of vehicular traffic in Kohima and improve transport and communication in the area. Rio also announced that Rs 20 lakhs would be provided to the VDB Kohima Village for maintenance of the link road, and the funds could be used for construction of small RCC dam on the streamlet to prevent landslide and erosion before the monsoons. Rio also congratulated S Pangnyu Phom, parliamentary secretary for rural development, and the rural development department for completing the project. He applauded their contribution in the overall development of the rural areas and progress of the downtrodden people in the state.Phom said the government has given power to the villages to implement government works at village level and expressed happiness that Kohima Village had judiciously utilized funds to construct the link road. He also said that though the road was constructed under MGNRGES, there was no fund provision for the maintenance and requested the government that the PWD take over the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12012124", "title": "New system to give right information about trains", "text": "PATNA: The railways is well set to introduce 'real train information system' at the country level to facilitate people in general. The new system is based on the 'satellite imaging for rail navigation' (SIMRAN) technology.According to a Railway Board official, IIT-Kanpur has created this system which is waiting for its final nod from the Union home ministry for its execution in each zone of the railways. Under the new system, people could get actual information about the movement of trains, the speed, late running, approaching stations, the coach position and other details either through SMS or online, he said.According to the railway ministry sources, the railways has sought 'no objection certificate' (NOC) from the Union home ministry to implement it in all passenger and freight trains so that the people and the railways could easily get information about their movements. Besides, the railways needs NOC as it wants to ensure that the new system poses no risk to railway security by leaking in advance about trains' actual position and movements, particularly in the most vulnerable zones of the railways, sources said.A Board official said that the SIMRAN project was approved by the railways long time back as a pilot project. However, it took more than eight to 10 months to complete it and get approval from the Board. \"The new system would be more useful during winter or foggy weather condition as passengers hardly get real information about passenger trains,\" he said.According to sources, the railways had introduced this system on a trial basis in a few zones of the railways which proved to be successful. The railways is also intending to introduce a device which would be fitted inside the bogies to display passing stations. This device would be useful for AC passengers during night to get information in advance about passing stations, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12012732", "title": "Fatalities in India didn't stop during recession", "text": "NEW DELHI: While the number of road accidents and fatalities has reduced in developed countries such as the US, the UK and Germany between 2008 and 2010 due to financial meltdown, the toll has increased significantly in India.Global road safety experts said the recession is linked to reduced miles travelled by vehicles and that has a direct impact on accidents and deaths. However, in India, the fatalities have increased from 1.20 lakh in 2008 to 1.34 lakh in 2010.\"In US, you have one fatality for 8,000 vehicles and here it's one death per 900 vehicles. With number of vehicles growing, we need to step up our efforts,\" said Raman Patel, former chief traffic engineer of New York City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12014026", "title": "Unspent AU funds challenge admin", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Once a fundstarved university under the state government, the Allahabad University, which is now a Central entity, is now facing the problem of abundance of funds. An amount of over Rs 150 crore, including the funds allocated to AU for implementing OBC reservation and that allocated under XIth Five Year plan, has remained unutilized even as the current financial year comes to a close. What's more worrisome is the fact that of this mammoth amount, funds of over Rs 60 crore of the Plan would get lapsed after March if they are not utilised soon.The University Grants Commission (UGC) had allocated an amount of over Rs 104 crore under XIth Five Year Plan and thus it was obligatory that the funds be utilised with a period of five years, starting 2007 and ending in March 2012. Of this total amount, AU has been sanctioned an amount of over Rs 54 crore but despite all the efforts of the authorities, varsity managed to spend only about Rs 40 crore in the past almost five years.Thus, it has still to spend an amount of Rs 14 crore, which is still laying unutilized at AU while the remaining amount of over Rs 50 crore is still with the UGC (only to be given to AU if the sanctioned funds are utilized and certificate presented to the UGC).If AU authorities fail to spend the amount of Rs 64 crore, (Rs 14 crore is still with AU and around Rs 50 crore with UGC) the entire amount would get lapsed after the end of current financial year. Given the snail's pace of work being going on at the AU, it is likely that the varsity would be able to commit an amount of around Rs 10 crore by next March and the rest amount would get lapsed, said a senior AU faculty member.Apart from the amount of 11th Five Year Plan, AU authorities have utterly failed to utilize the funds sanctioned for enhancing the infrastructure of AU following implementation of OBC quota on the campus wherein the seats in undergraduate and postgraduate courses has to be increased by 54%. The UGC, in June 2008, had approved a total amount of Rs 232 crore for AU, of which Rs 52 crore were allocated for the financial year 2008-09. Out of this, Rs 26 crore was released as the first installment and the rest was to be released once AU sends the utilization certificate of the first half.But even though the first installment of Rs 26.80 crore was transferred in varsity accounts way back on June 8, 2008, AU authorities managed to utilize only about half of the total amount, i.e., Rs 13 crore while the rest remains unutilized.Since AU failed to fully utilize the first installment, the second half of Rs 26 crore was not given to AU. Later, UGC allocated the second installment of the amount of Rs 12 crore on January 10 for enhancing the infrastructure needed for implementing the OBC quota.In addition, UGC sanctioned the third installment of Rs 26 crore for the last financial year (2010-11). But despite making all efforts, AU authorities were not able to utilize the said amount -- Rs 38 crore -- and thus an Rs 13 crore are still laying unutilized at AU.Moreover, to make things worse, UGC authorities have also sanctioned an amount of Rs 99 crore for the salary of faculty recruited under OBC reservation.Along with the amount of Rs 232 crore, the UGC had also sanctioned 243 teaching positions for which an amount of Rs 99 crore was allocated. But the varsity authorities have spent only Rs 15 lakh from the total fund which was paid for the salary for the faculty recruited under OBC quota.But with AU recently advertising the recruitment process of the faculty positions sanctioned in the said quota, the amount of Rs 100 crore, marked under the salary head under OBC fund, would be utilised in the coming years.\"UGC had sanctioned the fund way back in 2008 against the salary of 243 teaching positions and till date AU have failed to recruit the teachers. This means that three years have been lost and the said amount has to be utilised within the next two years which again is a hard nut to crack for AU authorities,\" said a senior official at AU. Apart from this, an amount of Rs 5 crore was also sanctioned for the Central Library of AU under XIth Five Year Plan but the varsity authorities managed to spend an amount of around Rs 3 crore. If the remaining fund is not utilised within the end of next month, it would lapse after the end of March 12.AU Finance Officer (FO) P K Singh, while commenting on the status of utilization of funds, said, \"Although we are lagging behind in terms of utilizing the funds, we would put our best effort to see that most of the allocated fund is utilised within the set timeframe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12012645", "title": "Weaker sections to benefit as housing policy tightened", "text": "JAIPUR: Now, people from the low income group (LIG) and the economically weaker section ( EWS) in the state can dream big to stay in posh group housing schemes and townships as the UDH department has decided to strictly implement its housing policy.According to urban housing and development ( UDH) officials, private builders have to reserve a portion of group housing projects for the economically weaker segments (EWS) and the low income group (LIG) segment as per the housing policy. So far, the builders and the developers used to produce affidavit that they will reserve area in this regard. However, till date it was never done.Sources claimed that making it strict for the builders and the developers this time, the department has mentioned that every developer and builder has to mark the reserve area or flat units in the project map before getting an approval. According to the policy, the builders or the developer launching a group housing scheme on 5,000 square metre area has to reserve 15% of the constructed units or 5% construction area for EWS and LIG groups.While the decision has raised hopes for many, the developers and the builders believe they face loss in their business if the policy is implemented. \"People with high income group will not prefer to stay in such a scheme. It may be difficult for them to mingle with the EWS and LIG group in same locality,\" said Gopal Das Gupta, a builder. He added, \"Earlier, we have come up with a suggestion that the government acquires land in the city periphery and builders will pay the cost of the land and develop a separate housing scheme for the EWS and LIG groups.\"Builders also feel the proposed housing policy will impose a heavy burden on the other classes. The policy seeks to provide affordable housing for the poor, cross-subsidised by the more affluent. On the contrary, Nishant Saini, a bank employee, said, \"It's a nice decision and people from every walk of life can enjoy the facilities of staying in the city. LIG and EWS groups cannot be segregated rated all the time as the state government make policies for the benefit of the masses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12012525", "title": "Civic authorities flout Rajasthan govt directions on street, traffic lights", "text": "JAIPUR: For efficient use of energy and its conservation in public street lighting in the state, the government has issued directions for mandatory use of efficient lamps, solar street lights, and compact fluorescent lamps to all the municipal councils and corporations. However, civic department officials are blatantly flouting the instructions, claiming ignorance of any such directions, which were issued to them in 2010.The Rajasthan Renewable Energy Corporation (RREC) has asked all the civic bodies to replace all incandescent bulbs with low induction and compact fluorescent lamps (CFL). It has also asked them to use at least 10% component of energy-efficient lights powered by non-conventional energy when installing street lights.Directions have been issued for the traffic lights too. For all the traffic signals and blinkers it is mandatory to use light emitting diode (LED) lights. The civic authorities are unaware of any such notification. \"I do not have no idea about any such guidelines issued to us by the energy department ,\" said mayor Jyoti Khadelwal. \"However, we are working on our own to replace all the street lights with CFL ones for which we have finalized things with the company. It will be done on public-private partnership model,\" she added.Similarly, Loknath Soni, CEO, JMC, too, expressed his lack of knowledge about it. \"We will act on it if such directions are issued. But the financial condition of JMC is not such that we can replace the street lights with CFLs. We will place our request before the energy department,\" Soni said. Reacting on the lack of seriousness of the civic bodies, the officials of RREC, nodal agency for the implementation of directions, said, \"Indifferent attitude of these bodies is a serious issue. Following the central government's Energy Conservation Act, 2001, we issued directions for all municipal corporations, municipal councils and boards. To apprise them with existing and new rules, we invite them to our awareness programmes but response has been poor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12011948", "title": "Epigraphs from Sultanate period in Guj show integration of faiths", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Amid the gory tales of 2002 comes a historical fact that bears a testimony to Hindu-Muslim brotherhood. Gujarat had given India its first specimen of true Indo-Islamic architecture that integrated elements of Hinduism and Jainism in mosques across the state during Sultanate period.Archaeologists say that the state is home to unique calligraphy on mosques and monuments. A unique Arabic script, 'Khat-e-Bahaar,' originated from the state. This was highlighted during a three-day exhibition 'Architecture and Epigraphs of Sultans of Gujarat' at Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation, Danapith, by Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) officials. The exhibition concluded on Thursday.G S Khwaja, director ( epigraphy), ASI Nagpur, said that mosques in Ahmedabad are treasure troves. \"With the reign of Ahmad Shah I in 1410, there began a new chapter of Islamic architecture in the state. Before him, the Islamic architecture in the country was highly influenced by Persian style. In Ahmedabad, the local artisans were involved in construction of mosques. Thus, we see lot of motifs such as blooming lotus, tree of life, lamp with chain and sacred animals and birds integrated in the design. Intricate carvings, a unique point in Jain temple architecture, were effectively used in the city mosques,\" Khwaja told TOI.Khwaja said that mosques such as Rani Rupmati Mosque in the city use arches and posts and lintels generously that have traditionally been associated with Hindu architecture. \"A number of mosques such as Baba Lului's mosque, Jama Masjid, Qutb Shah mosque or Pattharwali Masjid and Ahmed Shah's mosque justify the city's title of Jinat-ul-Bala'd or Jewel of All Cities given by scholars in Sultanate times,\" he said.K C Nauriyal, superintending archaeologist, Vadodara circle, said that the exhibition was held to mark 150 years of ASI and 600 years of Ahmedabad. \"We wanted to highlight the uniqueness of the Sultanate period and communal harmony reflected in architecture,\" he said. A booklet highlighting salient points of epigraphs in the city and state was also released at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12012757", "title": "Free surgery for children born with cleft lips", "text": "PUNE: At least 35,000 children in India are born with cleft lips every year. A cleft lip occurs when there is a gap in the upper lip and/or palate. There are over 10 lakh cases of untreated clefts in India. Facial clefts occurs one in 600-800 births. Though completely treatable, less than half get the treatment, said maxillofacial surgeon Pushkar Waknis.He was speaking at the launch of 'Spreading Smiles' project by Sai Seva Charitable Trust on Thursday. Under the project, surgeries on children will be done for free. Screening and documentation will begin from March 4.\"A majority of clefts occur in rural India where poverty, illiteracy, misinformation are rampant. With no access to medical care, these children are doomed to a life of suffering and torment. Socio-cultural beliefs worsen the problem,\" Waknis said.Untreated clefts lead to physical and psychological problems that include poor speech, impaired hearing, regurgitation of food and liquids through the nose, upper respiratory tract infections, depression , low self-esteem, dental and orthodontic problems, Waknis said\"In most cases, the cause of a cleft lip and a cleft palate is unknown. These conditions cannot be prevented. Most scientists believe clefts are due to a combination of genetic and environmental factors. There appears to be a greater chance of clefting in a newborn if a sibling, parent, or relative has had the problem. Another potential cause may be related to a medication a mother may have taken during her pregnancy,\" said orthopaedic surgeon Neeraj Adkar, head of Saishree Hospital.Without corrective surgery, these children are condemned to a lifetime of isolation and suffering. Taunted and tormented for their disfigurement, they cannot attend school, hold regular jobs or get married. Many are even abandoned or killed at birth. A cleft can be corrected with a small surgical procedure that takes as little as an hour and costs around Rs 12,000- Rs 15,000 with a hospital stay of 3-5 days, Adkar said.As part of this project, defects in hands and legs of such children, who cannot afford treatment, will also be corrected. City-based paediatric orthopaedician Mandar Acharya and Waknis will assist in the surgeries under the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12011295", "title": "IIM-I inks MoU with Deakin University for dual degree", "text": "INDORE: The Indian Institute of Management (IIM-I) has signed an Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Deakin University, Australia that will allow the Fellow Programme in Management (FPM) students to undertake research and receive a dual degree on its successful completion. Perhaps, IIM-I is the only B-school from the country to be a part of this initiative.The collaboration is a part of Deakin India Researh Initiative of the Australian university that aims to strengthen its research activities in India. Under this programme, the FPM students of the IIM-I would get assistance in their research from the researchers and educators of the Deakin University and would be awarded with a dual degree on completion of their research.A visit to Australia by the candidate for six months to conduct research is an important component of the scheme. The initiative is an expansion of the ongoing development of research models to bridge the gap between academia and industry. Discussions with organisations in India have highlighted that bridging this gap will be a major factor in enabling the rapid increase in manufacturing and knowledge based industries needed for growing India's economy.Inking the MoU with the institute vice chancellor of Deakin University professor Jane Den Hollander said that it would draw on the strengths of both institutions. \"There is a high degree of research alignment between both the institutions in the areas such as Marketing, Management, Economics, Finance, Accounting, Information Systems and HR Management.The partnership via a PhD scholarship will give researcher an opportunity to pursue a research project jointly supervised by faculty in both institutions,\" said Hollander. Elaborating further about the partnership she said that international outlook is the requirement for the managers in present market and this tie up will help faculty and students to gain experience of the Indian economy and society.Welcoming the premier business school partnership with the IIM-I, director of the institute N Ravichandran expressed gratitude for the proposal.He said, \"Deakin is one of the premier institutions in Australia. It hosts a fertile environment for research and has produced interesting research that has great relevance to modern day executives. Given that the FPM program of IIM Indore is also augured towards a similar outlook, we feel that there is great synergy between the doctoral program of Deakin and the FPM program.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12013990", "title": "Srirangam all set for Jayalalithaa\u2019s birthday bash", "text": "TRICHY: A free mega medical camp and several other programmes have been lined up in Somarasampettai in Srirangam constituency on Friday, to celebrate the 64th birthday of chief minister Jayalalithaa.According to AIADMK functionaries, they are planning to celebrate her birthday in a way that would be useful for the public following Jayalalithaa's appeal to celebrate her birthday in a simple manner.The one-day camp, to be held in the premises of the Government Higher Secondary School in Somarasampettai will be organised by the Apollo hospitals, Madurai. About 150 doctors, 300 paramedical staff will be on hand during the programme.Meanwhile, celebrations by the AIADMK party functionaries and cadre began from Thursday itself with both men and women members thronging the temples to pray for Jayalalithaa. A team of 64 members belonging to a Trichy district women's wing of the party, took out a procession, bringing milk for worship at the Sri Vekkaliamman temple in Woraiyur in Trichy.Trichy corporation mayor A Jaya, deputy mayor Mariam Ashik Meera and councillors participated in the ritual. Meanwhile, MLAs R Manoharan and M Paranjothi and others pulled the golden chariot in the same temple for the welfare of the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12013690", "title": "Rice-wheat rotation: Few takers for Shergill report", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As expected, the recommendation by economist H S Shergill to continue wheat-paddy crop rotation in Punjab and to bring more area under the two crops in the coming years is ruffling feathers besides facing flak from several noted agro-economists. They have been advising against the pattern citing resultant ecological damage, \"which could turn Punjab into a desert\" for the past several years.The report, which was revealed by TOI on Thursday, is also set to raise animated debates within government circles since the state's official policy is to encourage crop diversification and bring more area out of the wheat-paddy circle. \"We are actively encouraging diversification although we realize that it is a difficult task since paddy and wheat continue to remain the most remunerative and has assured marketing. Meanwhile, we are trying to propagate less water consuming techniques like zero-tillage,\" said financial commissioner (Development) N S Kang.Padma Bhushan awardee and former chairman of Agriculture Price Commission and also former economic adviser to four prime ministers, Dr S S Johl has been consistently recommending against this crop pattern, even going to the extent of suggesting in his 2002 research study that the land under paddy be kept fallow for some time and farmers should be compensated for that period.\"Dr Shergill has tried to force this argument again and again but we have doubts regarding his theory on grounds that the crop's water guzzling property is turning Punjab into an ecological disaster. Now I have stopped responding to his theories,\" said the economist while dismissing the findings.Punjab Farmers' Commission chairman and international agro-economist Dr G S Kalkat also questioned the findings on grounds that the crop was taking a severe toll on the underground water level. \"The water table is declining drastically. We can't afford to lose our natural resources like this,\" he said.Responding to the criticism, Dr Shergill says, \"It's not right to say only this cropping pattern is a water guzzler. In fact, water requirement for the rice-wheat cycle is less than that of the cotton-wheat pattern or that required for growing sugarcane. This pattern requires as much water as the maize-wheat cycle or sunflower-wheat cycle.\"The pattern was rather beneficial for soil fertility, the economist claimed, citing a PAU study that was commissioned by the PFC but is yet to be published. \"The study has proved that soil fertility has gone up by 38 per cent in Punjab.\" He also bolsters his findings by a survey conducted by the IDC in 30 villages randomly selected all over the state. Besides, Shergill has also cited \"crop-cutting experiments\" conducted annually by the Punjab government's agriculture department.The two economists said they would first like to see the report before commenting further on the study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12013730", "title": "Tunes of friendship", "text": "KOLKATA: The dew-drenched lawns of the Tollygunge Club provided the perfect setting for a musical union between neighbours India and Bangladesh. A unique coming together of two countries, held together by a common culture, language, a shared past and a passion for Rabindrasangeet. It was fitting, therefore, that Maitree Bandhan, presented by The Times of India and Prothom Alo, flagged off with an enchanting presentation of Tagore songs on Thursday evening. Tunes that tug heartstrings on either side of the border, music that melts frontiers and poetry that fuse people like nothing else in this part of the Subcontinent, wafted around in the leafy surroundings of the club. There couldn't have been a more apt beginning to the Maitree Bandhan journey that lasts till February 29.Two eminent exponents of Rabindrasangeet took the stage - Rezwana Choudhury Bannya from Bangladesh and Lopamudra Mitra from this side of the border. Nationalities, however, seemed redundant as they rendered one song after another that seemed to have erased geographical distances. While Rezwana weaved magic with her silvery voice and conventional style, Lopamudra enthralled with her robust singing, often improvising with the music and notes to a telling effect.It was Lopamudra who took the stage first. Starting off with 'Tomay Gaan Shonabo' and 'Bhenge Mor Gharer Chaabi', she moved on to 'Mamo Chitte', laced with rhythmic music and beats. It had the audience tapping their feet. She was back to the classical style in 'Aji Bijon Ghare', emoting perfectly with her rich tenor.As the evening wore on, Lopamudra switched on to more sombre numbers, smattering them with unconventional music and beats. The audience loved it. \"I am not known just as a Rabindrasangeet exponent. Rather, I sing other songs and love to dabble in Tagore songs,\" she defended her experiments.Earlier, the evening got off to a promise of friendship and collaboration between India and Bangladesh. Matiur Rahman, editor of Prothom Alo, had generous praise for Maitree Bandhan, an effort which he described as a \"pathbreaking one which could help the two countries rediscover their commonalities\". Desh TV MD and Bangladeshi MP Asaduzzaman Noor also addressed the gathering.\"There's a lot that we have shared through history and continue to be a part of. Ever since the birth of Bangladesh, India has been by our side. The bond has been strengthened further by the similarities between our country and this part of India. Apart from the language, we have the same culture and music. Abbasuddin Ahmed is as much yours as he is ours. Ustad Alauddin Khan and Pandit Ravishankar have done both Bengals proud. Your films and TV channels are immensely popular in Bangladesh. We would like you to see our channels as well. More exchanges will help us understand and know each other better. We need to walk down the path of music and culture to keep our friendship alive. Maitree Bandhan is a very significant step in that direction,\" said Rahman.If that left many in the audience with a lump in the throat, Rezwana Choudhury Bannya re-ignited the spirit of unity by inviting Lopamudra on stage for a duet. The two had shared the stage before, but never joined voices for the cause of Indo-Bangla unity. 'Ekla cholo re' had the two singing in tandem, their voices matching perfectly in a memorable jugalbandi. If Lopamudra made the lawns resonate with her robust style, Rezwana charmed with her lilting tone.The latter, however, ruled once she had started her performance with 'Borisho Dhora Majhe Shantir Bari'. If Lopamudra impressed with her improvisations, she mesmerized with her classical renditions. Her vintage style left the audience craving for more. And Rezwana obliged with one memorable song after another. 'Amar Ei Poth Chawatei Ananda' and 'Majhe Majhe Tobo Dekha Pai, Chirodin Keno Paina' had everyone spellbound. 'Dure Kothaye Dure Dure' and 'Jokhon Eshechhile Andhokare' were equally breathatking. These were followed by the poignant 'O Je Mane Na Mana, Ankhi Phiraile Bole Na Na Na' and 'Chhinnopatar Sajai Taroni Eka Eka Kori Khela'. Both had shades of the legendary Kanika Bandyopadhyay, her teacher and mentor.Introducing the musicians, Rezwana said: \"I am already bonded in this Maitree Bandhan. The musicians I perform with in India are so good that I don't have to get my team from Dhaka. That will be true for any Rabindrasangeet artiste travelling between the two Banglas.\"She ended the evening with a personal favourite - 'Bujhi Oi Sudure, Dakilo More Nishithe Re Samirano Haye'. Sahana Devi sang this song at a rehearsal for the play 'Bisarjan' on the insistence of Tagore. The song had no notations till Sahana Devi did it sometime ago, so that it could be sung by others. The audience listened to the song with rapt attention. Even the light breeze appeared to have stopped. And then a thunderous applause broke out. Maitree Bandhan hit the right notes of friendship through music that binds the two Bengals closer together like nothing else does.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12011808", "title": "Stir hits CR after 2nd track death in Mumbra in 4 days", "text": "THANE: In the second such incident in four days, a 60-year-old man was run over by a local train at Reti Bunder in Mumbra on Thursday. Angry locals blocked the tracks in protest, disrupting Central Railway (CR) services for around half an hour.On Monday, Asmita Singare (10) was run over by a suburban local at the same spot. The subsequent protest by locals had crippled CR services during the evening rush hour.Sukhdeo Dhavle of Mumbra was run over by a Titwala-bound train around 12noon on Thursday. Locals said people were forced to cross the tracks as the subway under them was not of much use as it was full of rubble. They also demanded that the nearby encroachments be cleared to lay a road that could be connected to the subway. CR officials dashed off a letter to the Thane civic chief on having a foot-overbridge at the spot.Civic officials also started work on clearing the subway. A CR spokesperson said: \"Two Slow trains were held up due to the incident.\"He added that CR would conduct awareness drives to deal with the problem of trespassing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12012804", "title": "Don't accept untaxed cash, Swiss govt tells its banks", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move that has implications for India's fight against black money, the Swiss government has asked its banks to prevent acceptance of \"untaxed assets\" in their accounts without violating client confidentiality.\"The focus is on enhanced due diligence requirements for banks when accepting assets as well as a requirement for foreign clients to make a declaration on the fulfilment of their tax obligations,\" the Swiss Federal Council,the country's top policy-making authority has said.It, however, opposed the idea of 'automatic information exchange' with any other country, asserting the 'bank client confidentiality' should be respected as far as possible. Swiss banks are known to have the strongest secrecy clauses, but are also known as 'tax havens'.In a multi-pronged strategy aimed at removing this tag, the council has also proposed that all those past cases should be immediately settled, where assets of foreign clients have not been correctly taxed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12013349", "title": "Another chilly encounter may be round the corner", "text": "MUMBAI: After the record high of 39.1 degrees Celsius on Tuesday, city temperatures have eased. Though still about four degrees above normal, the mercury has been gradually dipping. And if all goes well, temperatures should soon fall to normal levels and the city may even experience a bit of a chill again, the weather bureau told TOI.On Tuesday, Santa Cruz had recorded a maximum temperature of 39.1 degree Celsius. On Wednesday, it dipped four degrees to 35.3 degrees Celsius. On Thursday, Colaba recorded a maximum temperature of 31.4 degrees Celsius while Santa Cruz recorded 34.8 degrees Celsius. The minimum in Colaba and Santa Cruz was 21 and 18.5 degrees Celsius, respectively, on Thursday.The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) once again blames the western disturbance in the north for the weather. \"The western disturbance has caused snowfall in Jammu &amp; Kashmir because of which, the temperatures have fallen all over the northern plains,\" said Bishwombhar Singh, director of weather forecast at IMD, Mumbai.Western disturbance is an extratropical storm, or a low-pressure system, that originates in the Mediterranean Sea and moves eastwards. This causes rainfall in Iran , Pakistan and northern parts of India as well as snowfall in certain parts.\"The cold is being carried southwards by northerly winds, which are dry and cool. The temperatures have thus been falling gradually in Mumbai too,\" he said. On Thursday, the evening relative humidity recorded at Colaba was 64% while that in Santa Cruz was 34%.The temperatures may dip further, the IMD has predicted. \"If the influence of the disturbance continues, temperatures are likely to dip and return to normal (about 30 degrees Celsius). Minimum temperatures may dip too, if strong northerly winds continue to hit the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12012079", "title": "85 fortified police stations to come up in Maoist-hit areas of Bihar", "text": "PATNA: The Union home ministry has okayed construction of 85 anti-Naxalite police stations in Bihar. This is the largest number of such police stations okayed by the Centre for any state.Giving this information to TOI on Thursday, DG Ashok Kumar Gupta -- who is also CMD of Bihar Police Building Construction Corporation (BPBCC) - said the Union home ministry had okayed construction of 400 anti-Naxalite police stations (fortified police stations) in nine Maoist-affected states. \"We had sought 100 such police stations. The Centre has given approval for 85. With this, Bihar has got approval for the largest number of such police stations,\" Gupta said. Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra are among the other states which would have the anti-Naxalite police stations. Funds for setting up these police stations have also been allotted by the Centre, Gupta added.A total of 30 out of 40 districts (two police districts) in Bihar are Naxalite-hit.According to Gupta, construction of the anti-Naxalite police stations would be completed within two years from now.Gupta said the BPBCC has been entrusted to execute the project. \"The houses will be sturdy enough to withstand Naxalite attacks. These will provide our forces not only emotional and mental support but also keep them on a stronger footing vis-a-vis the Maoists,\" he said.Each of these fortified police stations having watch towers on roof-tops and sentry posts on its campus would cost Rs 2 crore. While the Centre would provide Rs 160 lakh, the remaining amount (Rs 40 lakh) would be borne by the state government. While the Centre has allotted an amount of Rs 136 crore for the project in Bihar, the state government would spend a total of Rs 34 crore for setting up these special police stations.Gupta said the BPBCC would float tenders for the construction of these fortified police stations within a week. \"We have to complete the project within two years. It will work as armor for our forces and reduce their vulnerability to Maoist attacks,\" he said.A four-member committee constituted by the Union home ministry on the project also included BPBCC former chief engineer Dukhi Sah. It was after several rounds of discussions in Hyderabad on September 22, 2010 that the final decision to set up these fortified police stations in Maoist-affected states was taken.These police stations will be equipped with generator, inverter and solar cells to ensure 24-hour power supply. These police stations will boast of modern communication systems, furniture and necessary consumer durables, said a senior BPBCC official.Pointing out that no additional land is being purchased for the construction of these police stations, Gupta said, \"These (fortied police stations) will be made on the existing police stations which are spread in areas ranging between 1 and 1.5 acres of land. As the buildings will be situated inside the protected campus, police vehicles and other properties will now remain relatively safer,\" Gupta said.As many as 374 police stations in Bihar are located in Maoist-affected areas. Of these 347 are in rural areas and the remaining 27 are in urban areas. A total of 20 police stations are classified as \"Category-A\" (critical).A senior BPBCC official said work on 48 anti-Naxalite police stations have already been taken up in the state so far. \"While four of them have already been completed, the remaining 44 will be completed within the next six months,\" the official said.In the past three years the BPBCC handed over a total of 74 police stations (25 model, various grades) to the state government, the official said adding that work is going on a dozen more police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12013893", "title": "Female leopard trapped in Valparai", "text": "COIMBATORE: A three-year-old female leopard that was creating panic in Valparai town and surrounding areas for the past several weeks has been captured by forest officials late night on Wednesday (early Thursday morning) using a trap. It was trapped at around 12.30 a.m. at Gajamudi Estate.Residents who spotted the leopard in the area on several occasions, had registered their complaints with forest officials seeking its early capture. Under instructions from Manombally Forest Range Officer Arokiaraj Xavier, a cage trap was installed in the area where the leopard was sighted.The wild cat had to be tranquilized to be moved from the trap to another cage installed in a lorry which will transport it to the forest area to be released.There was some commotion on Thursday morning as there was no veterinarian present to tranquilize the leopard. However, Udumalpet Forest Range Officer S Thangaraj Paneerselvam who was present at the spot took control of the situation and tranquilized the animal. It has been removed by the lorry outside the hill town. Forest officials will decide on Friday morning the area which the leopard will be released.Gajamudi Estate is close to Mukkottumudi Estate where on February 3, a young boy was killed by a leopard. It is yet to be ascertained whether this one was involved in any conflict with people. In the last 10 years, leopards have killed six children and two adults in Valparai, sources said.Two goats were killed in a leopard attack two months ago in the same area. After coming upon the carcasses of the goats, residents had gathered at the forest department office, seeking protection from attacks by wild animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12012398", "title": "Boards, schools make plans to rid students of stress", "text": "NOIDA: With board examinations approaching fast, schools in the city have intensified their efforts to help students give the exams in a stress-free and effective manner. Teachers explained that for many students, the fear of giving exams becomes a massive hindrance in their performance and it was important to counteract this stress at an early age.While most schools stressed on the importance of communication and adequate counselling for the students to deal with the stress associated with the board examinations, others explained that they had taken special steps to help those who had been performing poorly in specific subjects. \"The syllabus has been segregated as per difficulty and divided into different modules for students who have problems with certain subjects. These students are then tested on specific modules, which is a very small portion of the entire syllabus, in order to boost their confidence,\" said Anuradha Sharma, principal, Ryan International School, Noida.Teachers explained that the stress associated with the examinations is one that builds up at an early age and needs to be handled appropriately. \"We start counselling for the students in the eleventh grade so that by the time they give the board examinations, the stress associated with these exams has been completely eradicated from their system. It's important to impart these stress management skills, time management skills at an early age so that these skills become a part of their lifestyle,\" said Nidhi Sirohi, principal, Kothari International School, Noida.Schools stressed on the importance of a proactive approach that focused on a greater interaction between counsellors, teachers and students. \"We have made sure that the students get the chance to interact with the counsellors on a face to face basis wherein they can share their doubts and worries with them. We are looking to focus on individual needs. We have set aside two-hour space where the students can come to the school and share their doubts with the teachers,\" said Kamini Bhasin, DPS Noida.DPS Noida has also set up a helpline for students as well as their parents for any board examination related queries. The Central Board of Secondary Education will also have its first call centre in Noida. According to CBSE officials, the call centre will respond to queries like affiliation, scholarships, examinations, academic matters, general enquiry, etc. The facility will be open to both students and parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "12013534", "title": "Six-year-old student's death: Panchayat to decide future course of action", "text": "KARNAL: A special panchayat will be held on Friday at Gandhi Gram Kamila village to deliberate upon the future course of action to be taken in the case pertaining to the death of six-year-old Pankaj, who was allegedly locked up in the school bathroom by his teacher for not completing his home work and died on Sunday.Mahipal Singh, paternal uncle of Pankaj, said that village elders would assemble right after the bhog ceremony of the boy, which would be held at the village grounds on Friday.Parents of the boy, Jaiveer Singh and Reena, have not filed any formal complaint so far either against the teacher, who had allegedly locked the boy inside the school bathroom or the school. Mahipal said that the parents were in a state of shock and thus no complaint has been filed.On December 27 last also, Pankaj was reportedly locked up in the school bathroom, where he was found by his elder brother Sagar hours after the school had closed.Civil as well as police authorities have expressed inability to initiate action against the school or the teacher in the absence of a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12013060", "title": "Snatchers are on the loose", "text": "LUDHIANA: On-the-prowl criminals are having a field day in Ludhiana. Three snatchings in five days have shocked the city residents, who fear they could be the next target of miscreants.On Thursday evening, burglars targeted a couple from Himachal Pradesh and snatched their bag containing 150 grams of gold jewellery, a diamond necklace, a mobile phone and Rs 10,000 at Fountain Chowk. Parwanoo-based Anju and Adarsh Suri had come here along with their daughter-in-law to exchange old jewellery with new. But as they alighted from their car, two men on a motorcycle snatched their bag. Division number 8 station house officer AshwaniKumar said they were yet to record statements and register a case.This was the third incident. In the earlier two, a motor showroom owner, Gagandeep Singh of Feroze Gandhi Market, was robbed of Rs 5 lakh on February 18 and a manager of a dairy of Rs 7 lakh in Dashmesh Nagar on February 22.The police are yet to make a breakthrough in both the cases.Additional deputy commissioner of police (crime) Harjinder Singh said they are taking various initiatives to keep a check on such crimes. \"We have increased the patrolling and are conducting strict checks at sensitive areas in the city,'' the ADCP added.But, regarding the recent incidents, the police only have assurances that the accused would be nabbed soon and say they are collecting evidence.Singh said they have registered 19 snatching cases and two major cases of robbery in the first two months of this year. There has been a sudden rise in such incidents of crime after the state elections (January 30) and criminals have been moving around without any fear.Even in 2011, city residents faced numerous crime incidents in the city. As many as 133 snatching cases and 14 robbery cases were registered with the police department last year. But, their efforts to curb these incidents seem to be going in vain.Charanjeet Singh, a businessman from Shaheed Karnail Singh Nagar, said these incidents have caused a feeling of insecurity in him. \"People are losing their trust in the police as they haven't been effective in controlling these criminals,'' he added.\"Snatching and loot don't surprise people in Ludhiana any more as these crimes have become frequent affairs. I wonder what strategy the police use to crack such crimes. Most of these turn into cold cases,'' said Harish Kumar, a resident of Bharat Nagar Chowk.Past incidentsFebruary 15 | A car looted at gun-point in BRS NagarFebruary 16 | A gold chain snatched from a woman in GiaspuraFebruary 18 | Rs 50,000 looted from a man on Noorwala RoadFebruary 18 | Rs 5 lakh looted from a showroom owner in Feroze Gandhi MarketFebruary 22 | Rs 7 lakh looted from a dairy manager in Dashmesh Nagar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12011686", "title": "Rare black eagle spotted after 90 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a chance spotting and the group would have just walked past had the bird not taken a sudden flight. Amitava Misra and his friends, birding in the dense Aravali Biodiversity Park foliage earlier this month, saw a highly rare visitor to Delhi - the Indian Black Eagle. The last sighting record for this bird is for the winter of 1920-21, making it a 90 year gap between the last and the recent sighting.\"We were about to finish birding for the day when we saw the bird perched on a tree right in front of us. We initially passed by thinking it was a Black Kite. However, suddenly the bird took flight and settled on another tree. It was then that we saw its non-forked tail, huge size and realized it was an eagle. Delhi has five to six species and we tried matching its features with all of those. However, since it did not match any of those, it could only be a Black Eagle,\" said Misra.None of us were able to identify the bird positively since nobody even thought that it was possible for it to be a Black Eagle, said Kanwar B Singh, an experienced birder who was part of the group. \"The bird is usually found in cool forests, preferring rolling hills. We posted its pictures on the web and only then that we received a positive identification,\" he said. \"It is difficult to say why a lone bird strayed towards Delhi but it could be because of an extended winter in the hills,\" Singh added.According to sources, the last positive sighting of the bird was by one Basin Edwardes in 1920-21. This reference has been quoted in 'A Guide to Birds of Delhi Area' (1975) by Usha Ganguly. However, even this reference has been disputed in Bill Harvey's 'Atlas of Birds of Delhi and Haryana' (2005).The bird is usually found between northeast Pakistan, along the base of the Himalayas from Himachal to Bhutan, in the south Assam hills to the Lushai hills, northeast peninsula in Odisa, the northeastern and southeastern Ghats and Sri Lanka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12010877", "title": "Parulekar issue: Cong stalls Assembly again", "text": "BHOPAL: Congress MLAs disrupted the MP assembly proceedings for the second consecutive day on Wednesday. They trooped into the well raising slogans against the speaker and demanded a debate on the alleged breach of privilege in connection with the arrest of MLA Kalpana Parulekar.Parulekar has been charged of doctoring a picture of the state Lokayukta Justice P P Neolakar and showing him in RSS uniform.The MLAs refused to heed to the speaker's request of order in the house and kept up a chorus of protest slogans against the chair, forcing an adjournment of the House till Friday.As soon as the budget session began, deputy leader of the Congress Legislature Party (CLP) Choudhary Rakesh Singh Chaturvedi stood up and sought a debate on breach of privilege during the Question Hour. He was joined by party his colleagues.The treasury bench opposed this and a heated exchange of words between the two followed.Speaker Ishwardas Rohani said he had given every member an opportunity to speak on the issue of breach on privilege on Wednesday. \"I have followed democratic values,\" he asserted.\"I have given a ruling against a debate of breach of privileges that Parulekar held the press conference outside the house. I had decided upon the issue a day ago, and it should not be raised again today. This is against House decorum,\" the speaker added, but finally adjourned proceedings.When the house reassembled, Congress member Arif Aqueel again raised the issue, supported by other congress MLAs. Legislative affairs minister Narottam Mishra objected to this, contending the matter was in court now and it was not proper to debate on it.Congress MLAs trooped into the well shouting that the speaker had turned into a dictator. \"When you are calling me a dictator. why you are demanding a debate,\" the speaker countered. Thereafter, the speaker managed to get some urgent business transacted through voice vote, before adjourning the house.Parulekar was arrested from Mahidpur in Ujjain district on February 3. She has been charged under IPC sections 471 (using forged document as genuine), 473 (making or possessing counterfeit seal etc), 473 (counterfeiting device or mark used for authenticating documents) and 469 (forgery for the purpose of harming reputation).Besides, cases have also been booked against her under section 66A (using computers for sending offensive messages) and under 66C (punishment for identity theft) under the Information Technology Amendment Act (ITAA 2008on the MLA. The 'morphed' Lokayukta photo had cropped up during the winter session of the assembly last year when Parulekar accused the anti-corruption ombudsman of having RSS links.She had flashed a photograph that showed him in an RSS uniform both inside and outside the assembly, alleging the BJP government did not have to worry as long as Justice Neolakar was the Lokayukta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12013807", "title": "Found: Space bug that can be new source of power", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have discovered a type of space bacteria in a British river which they say could be used as a new power source for the world. The Bacillus stratosphericus, usually found more than 20 miles above the Earth, were spotted in the mouth of the river Wear in Sunderland.It is believed that the bugs may have been brought to the surface by atmospheric cycling, which causes evaporated water to rise into the stratosphere and then fall again.According to researchers at the Newcastle University, the organism is a particularly potent form of bacteria which can be used in a microbial fuel cell (MFC) to convert river waste into power and clean water.It had double the electricity generating potential of other bacteria and the scientists said they could be harvested and used in the developing world to power appliances, the Daily Mail reported.Inside an MFC, the bacteria produce carbon dioxide, protons and electrons when kept in a solution without oxygen. Liberated electrons form a negatively charged anode while the protons create a positively charged cathode. This produces both charges necessary to produce an electric current.Publishing their findings in the Journal of Environmental Science and Technology, Grant Burgess, a professor of marine biotechnology at Newcastle, said, \"What we have done is deliberately manipulate the microbial mix to engineer a biofilm that is more efficient at generating electricity. What it demonstrates is the potential of this technique for the future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016693", "title": "Aditi Rao Hydari stars in globe-hopping romance", "text": "Aditi Rao Hydari seems to capture every scene she is in. Now, the attention-getting young actress is given the chance to shine on her own, as the female lead in 'London Paris New York'.Directed by Anu Menon, 'LPNY' is a modern tale about Lalitha, a middle class south Indian girl who is on her way to New York to study politics with full scholarship; and Nikhil ( Ali Zafar), a Punjabi rich kid who is going to study filmmaking in London on his dad's dime.The two cross paths in London, find a spark between them, and decide to make a promise to meet each other for one night, once a year, for the following eight years. \"The film is in three chapters and each chapter is shot in a manner that mirrors the mental state of Nikhil and Lalitha,\" said a spokesperson.Hydari has appeared in several Hindi films to date, including 'Rockstar', 'Yeh Saali Zindagi' and 'Delhi-6'.India-West asked if Hydari believed in love at first sight, like that between Lalitha and Nikhil. \"I believe in instant connection,\" she said in a recent phone interview. \"Their lives are pulling in opposite directions, but they're still influencing each other's lives. It's not 'love at first sight,' although the connection happens very quickly. Their journey is to define what the relationship is.\"Like 'Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu', which stars Imran Khan , London Paris New York' is also billed as an independent-feeling comedy which owes more to Hollywood films like '500 Days of Summer' to the typical Bollywood flick.\"It's a slightly different take on a love story,\" said Hydari, with snappier dialogue and no excessive styling\" of the actors' clothes and hair, resulting in a more natural, believable feel overall.Asked to choose which of the three cities in the film's title that would draw her back for more, Hydari was quick to name London. \"It's such a fun, vibrant city,\" she said by phone from India.By Lisa Tsering, India-West staff reporter", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011687", "title": "2 BRP-BMS corporators join NVA", "text": "NAGPUR: The newly formed Nagpur Vikas Aghadi led by Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) was further strengthened when two corporators from Bharip Bahujan Mahasangh (BRP-BMS) joined the alliance on Thursday. With this, the tally of NVA has reached 77 corporators.Raju Lokhande and Bhavna Dakhane, both elected from Rambag ward-50 on Thursday registered themselves with the NVA after meeting officials at the divisional commissionerate. Both were elected as BRP-BMS candidates.Fifth-time corporator Lokhande told TOI that the duo had not set any preconditions before joining NVA. He clarified that in 2007-2012 too he had extended support to NVA but this time he had registered himself with the alliance as one of the partners.Even though the BJP has the numbers required to form the government, sources said that the saffron party is trying to rope in all corporators, except those belonging to the Congress and NCP, and is interested in taking the tally to 98 in the house of 145.On Thursday evening, Lokhande and Dakhane along with NVA leader Anil Sole and BJP corporator Pravin Datke submitted their consent for expanding the NVA with the divisional commissionerate.Speaking to TOI, Sole expressed happiness that two more corporators joined NVA. He too repeated that barring Congress and NCP, all corporators are welcome to join NVA. According to Sole, it will help the NVA to run a good government in the civic body.Sources said the BJP and Shiv Sena combine has a strength of 68 and additional 15 corporators will take the tally to 83. However, this figure is not enough to get a majority in the standing committee, so the NVA will try to increase its members till the government is formed.BJP sources said they are also speaking to the BSP camp to join NVA. BSP state president Vilas Gharud is expected to be in the city on February 27. The BJP is reportedly offering the 12 BSP corporators the deputy mayor's post along with two members in the 16-member standing committee.Sources said that senior BJP officials from Nagpur are camping in Mumbai to meet Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray , seeking support of the party's two corporators in the state's second capital. MNS divisional organizer (East Vidarbha) Hemant Gadkari confirmed the development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12012075", "title": "Centre within rights to fix Muslim quota: Salman Khurshid", "text": "NOIDA: Hitting back at the BSP and the BJP who accused the Congress of trying to cut away the reservation pie of dalits and distort the Constitution in fixing quotas for Muslims, law minister Salman Khurshid said that the UPA government was completely within its legitimate rights on this issue.\"Reservations for Muslims can be provided on the basis of the Indira Sawhney case that was heard in the Supreme Court,\" Khurshid said.Addressing a poll rally in Noida on Thursday, Khurshid said the BJP and the BSP are trying to mislead the public over reservations for Muslims even though such arrangements are already in place in states like Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.\"We are not cutting away the reservation pie of any section of society,\" said Khurshid. \"The reservation is meant for economically weaker sections irrespective of religion. The apex court would not have allowed such reservation in Andhra Pradesh if it had disturbed the basic structure of the Constitution,\" he added.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12012788", "title": "Faculty shortage: IIM-A turns to its alumni", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Until 2010, when Indian Institute of Management-Ahmedabad celebrated its golden jubilee, only about 13 alumni had taught electives at their alma mater. In the last one year, the number has doubled. IIM-A is turning to its alumni to teach a full course or module. And, the results are showing.Atanu Ghosh, dean, alumni and external relationships at IIM-A, said, \"We came up with the initiative in December 2010 as part of the golden jubilee celebrations. A structured write-up was sent to alumni in order to understand their areas of interest in teaching. We look at the profile of alumni and invite them to teach according to the need of the course and convenience of the respective alumni.\"Last week, Ghosh along with IIM-A director Samir Barua attended an alumni meet in Dubai and Muscat - it was for the first time that the institute's director flew overseas to attend such a meeting to woo former students to take up teaching at IIM-A. At present, IIM-A has 89-90 faculty and a studentteacher ratio of 11:1 with about 1,000 students on campus across programs. The institute annually sees about 8-9 faculty members leaving campus.Ghosh says the initiative is gaining momentum. \"There is tremendous excitement in the alumni willing to take up the teaching now. It serves the institute to get cutting-edge alumni, who have made a mark in their fields bring academic fervour. Students will get a fresh perspective, variety in teaching and a richer experience,\" Ghosh said.Nayan Parikh, president-Ahmedabad chapter, IIMA Alumni Association, who has taken five sessions in the last one year, said, \"It is a great opportunity for alumni to give back to the institute, which is facing a faculty shortage and a doubling student population. Apart from teaching, alumni have also started writing cases and that helps because the institute mostly uses Harvard cases due to lack of many local cases.\"Parikh said alumni from the earlier batches are showing more interest due to their experience in the industry. \"Those in their 30s and 40s are still in the rat race and career is the most important aspect for them. After a point, you want to take it easy and those in the 50-plus age category are the ones who have expressed interest in teaching.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12013499", "title": "MLA\u2019s kin, friends raided", "text": "BANGALORE: Lokayukta police on Thursday raided six houses and offices of relatives, friends and business partners of Yelahanka MLA SR Vishwanath. They unearthed over 100 documents on land deals, besides Rs 10 lakh in cash and gold ornaments and silver articles.Lokayukta additional director general of police HN Sathyanarayana Rao said those raided include Somashekhara Reddy, the MLA's relative, Ramalinge Gowda, BJP worker, Venkateshwara Service Station of which the MLA's wife is a partner, and Sateesh, his friend. The office of Ramalinge Gowda at Hema Towers, Yelahanka New Town, and the house of relative Vinaykumar, were also searched, the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12012653", "title": "Idiot box gets boot in Coimbatore homes", "text": "COIMBATORE: J Ajaykumar sells television sets for a living, but sold his own TV a few months ago when he realized that his three-year-old daughter refused to eat unless her favourite show was on. \"She and her nine-year-old brother didn't play. We realized that they were growing up with an unrealistic approach to life,\" says the businessman from Coimbatore.He is one of a small but growing tribe of parents in Coimbatore who have sold their TVs hoping to get their children to use their imagination and the ability to mingle with others. More than three dozen parents in the city are getting their children used to life without a TV. \"My children now play together and enjoy painting and singing. I feel their communication skills and confidence levels have increased. They also started getting lot of physical activity,\" says Ajaykumar.M Sethumaran, a top executive with a phama company, is planning to sell his television or watch it only after his four-year-old goes to sleep. \"I found Athik getting terribly disturbed by the violence on screen. Even children's channels have a lot of violence or show advertisements and film trailers that are violent,\" he says.Elders in chartered accountant Anupriya's joint family complained at first when the idea of selling the TV was mooted. \"They didn't want to miss their serials, but now they are happier because their grandchildren chat and play with them more,\" she says.Many parents are also concerned that the content on children's channels or cartoons is unrealistic and violent. \"The content in cartoons is not different from films or crime programmes. Revenge is the only lesson they impart,\" says Ajaykumar.Bhanumathi, an agriculture scientist, sold her TV three months ago. \"My four-year-old was asking why Chotta Bheem is never injured though he has serious accidents. I felt TV was creating a virtual world where kids get a wrong notion on life,\" she says.Parents are forgoing entertainment but educators say it is a good move. \"It is, in fact, an investment in the children. Kids regain their childhood and pass through an effective learning process in the absence of television,\" says school teacher Rama Menon, who has persuaded many parents to sell their TV sets.\"Children are impressionable and can be easily influenced by what they see on TV,\" says Santhya Vikram, who runs Yellow Train, a kindergarten in Sivananda Colony that makes \"no TV at home\" a condition for admission, \"It has wonderful results. Parents of our children first stopped watching TV. Now their friends and relatives have started doing the same,\" she says.\"For the last six months, we haven't recharged the cable connection. My son's imagination has improved,\" says teacher Nisha Vijayan who is encouraging parents of her own school to live without TV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12012642", "title": "Cong govt has failed Goa on Mhadei issue, says Willy", "text": "PANAJI: Trinamool Congress state unit president Dr Wilfred de Souza criticized the Congress-led government for failing the people on the Mhadei river diversion issue alleging it had done so to aid the contractors working on the dam and canal projects in Karnataka.Addressing mediapersons, de Souza said, \"The Goa government changed its lawyer who was fighting the case. 1.5 crore is being paid to a new lawyer. The water tribunal has also done nothing in this regard so far, even as Karnataka is continuing on its projects. The Mandovi river is going to run dry.\"\"Was there some match-fixing between those ruling Goa and the contractors who were building dams and canals in Karnataka then for Yedyurappa?\" he added.Karnataka has plans to construct dams across the Mhadei river to divert the water to its water-scarce Malaprabha basin.The Trinamool state unit chief also questioned the BJP asking it from where it would get funds to fulfill its poll promises.\"The BJP has promised to cut petrol price, increase social security scheme money to widows, and give doles to unemployed persons. From where is it going to get the money for this? Let the BJP make known its source of funding for promising such kind of money,\" de Souza said.\"There is no BJP government at the Centre, who would give them funds through the planning commission. So is it going to ask money from BJP-ruled states of Karnataka,Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh?\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12011322", "title": "International meet on English from today", "text": "NAGPUR: Tulsiramji Gaikwad-Patil College of Engineering and Technology is organizing 'Confluence', its third annual international seminar on teaching and learning English as a second language, on Friday and Saturday.Addressing a press meet, chairman of the group Sharad Patil, trustee Anjali Patil-Gaikwad and director SM Bagchi said the event was organized to address problems of those who were unable to attain proficiency in the language for various reasons. As many as 500 delegates from all over the country are expected to attend the event this year. Around 150 research papers will be presented in the two-day conference. \"The seminar would be free for all interested students,\" Patil said.Bagchi said India is the second country after United States in terms of population speaking English. \"Over 26 crore people in the US communicate in English while in India over 12 crore do so, which is 10% of our population,\" he said.International experts who are expected to address the seminar include Ewa Doneschjezo from Jagiellonian University in Poland, Singhanat Nomnian from Mahidol University in Thailand and Aijaz Ahmed Gujjar from Federal College of Education, Pakistan.Vice chancellor of Kavi Kulguru Kalidas University and president of the Association of Indian Universities (AIU) Pankaj Chande will be the chief guest while G Rajagopal from the English and Foreign Languages University, Hyderabad, will be the guest of honour.The college has also launched an e-journal with papers presented at the seminar. It is in the process of launching an international peer-reviewed journal this year with noted reviewers on its editorial board, said Anjali Patil-Gaikwad, who is organizing secretary of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12015859", "title": "Marriage is enjoyable, says Riteish Deshmukh", "text": "Producer Kumar Taurani has brought Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia D'Souza together after eight years, in UTV Motion Pictures and Tips Industries Ltd's Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya, releasing today. A brief chat with the couple on the film and life post marriage.What took you so long to sign another film together? Riteish: After Masti, we did get films together but they were of the multihero genre. We didn't want to dilute our work, so we refused. I actually said yes to Tere Naal... even before I heard who my co-star would be. I didn't even tell Genelia that I had signed the film, as I didn't want her to base her judgement on that. We said yes to Tere Naal.. primarily because it is a sweet story of a boy and girl and the dynamics between them. Genelia: After doing Tujhe Meri Kasam and Masti, we wanted something really special to work on together. When Tere Naal... came our way, we felt this was a lovely story and a beautiful space for us to be seen in together. When I read the script, I immediately fell in love with the story and the characters of Viren and Mini.What's your most memorable experience from Tere Naal...? R: I was playing a rickshaw driver in one scene, and some people actually thought I was one and stopped me to drive them to a chowk! Somebody who recognised me even remarked, 'Aise din aa gaye ke aap rickshaw chala rahe ho?' G: It's been a memorable journey throughout.How is life post marriage? R: We are yet to get into that space and spend enough time with each other. We are hoping that once this film releases and everything settles down in a couple of months, we will take some time off. But yes, marriage is definitely more enjoyable than we anticipated. G: Honestly, we haven't had time to think about it because we returned to work the very next day promoting Tere Naal.... Thanks to the promotions, we've managed to spend some time together. We've known each other for 10 years and are very comfortable together.On the set and at home, who's boss? R: On the sets, it's no one except the director. At home, we are equals! G: We're equals wherever we are. Being friends and knowin each other for so long eliminates the question of who is boss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "12011233", "title": "Orphans being targeted by Naxals", "text": "GADCHIROLI: Orphans from interior villages are being indoctrinated with Naxal ideologies in a school that functions in Abujmarh on the Maharashtra-Chhattisgarh border. This startling fact came to light following confessions by Nirmala and Jagat Sonu Madavi, two Naxals, who surrendered before the district administration last week.Nirmala had aspired to complete her education but ended up being a Naxal. She ended up as a teacher at the Janatana Sarkar Bhoomkaal School at Metapada in Abujmarh. This is the first time the presence of a full-fledged school, being run by the Naxals in Abujmarh, is coming to the fore.There were 22 students when Nirmala and Madavi, another teacher, surrendered. Madavi too taught \"elementary subjects\" at Bhoomkaal after being shifted from the Kohkameta dalam.Like Nirmala, Madavi too was roped in as a young turk by a dalam in Chhattisgarh. \"I was recruited as a guard for protection duty during a meeting of a senior woman leader,\" he said.Nirmala too began with the Kohkameta dalam. \"I was trained to teach by the Naxals,\" she said.While teaching in the school and during meetings, Nirmala and Madavi had experienced how the cadres from Andhra Pradesh tried to dominate others claiming to be more educated and experienced in politics.Nirmala handled a .303 assault rifle and 12 bore and took part in several encounters before becoming a teacher. While a Hindu mission owns around five tribal schools in and around Abujmarh, the Bhoomkaal school introduces elementary education to tribal children, especially orphans.\"We not only taught them swar vanjan (alphabets in Devnagiri script), arithmetic and such things, but also about the bad effects of the government's scheme of Salwa Judum and other projects, and how to fight and oppose the government,\" said Nirmala who joined the Naxals in 2000.Nirmala told TOI in the presence of police officials that the school is located on a nullah and classes were conducted in tents. She identified another woman, Shanti, as her colleague. \"Shanti is the kitchen in-charge with the villagers providing the grains,\" said Nirmala.The surrendered Naxal's words reflect the human resources crunch being faced by the Naxals. \"After a child reaches 12-13 years of age, he is taken away by the Naxal commander for training in weapons,\" said Nirmala. \"Most of the kids are from Bastar and Dantewada.\"Nirmala said she was quite young when the Naxals picked her up. \"I was curious to see a group of girls collecting rice from the villagers. They were working under the leadership of one Vishwanath. I was keen to see him and that's how my entry took place,\" she said.\"I tried to flee many times but was caught by the Naxal sentries,\" said Nirmala, who worked for the Aheri dalam and then with Bhamragarh dalam before being shifted to Kohkameta dalam in Chhattisgarh.Repeated attempts to escape and relentless bickering for visiting her family, saw Nirmala being given a punishment posting at the Bhoomkaal school in 2007. \"I was told to work at the village and school. I protested for wages which they refused on the grounds that the cadres are already being looked after and their needs are fulfilled,\" said Nirmala.She added that the children were often led to suffer when ill. \"One kid was quite sick and seemed to be dying when managed to convince the senior leaders to send him back to his family members,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12011329", "title": "Three tehsil employees suspended in Yavatmal", "text": "YAVATMAL: The tehsildar of Yavatmal has on Tuesday suspended three talathis, working under his jurisdiction, on the lapses committed by them during the recently concluded zilla parishad and panchayat samiti elections.The names of the suspended talathis are D L Sidam (Wadgaon), V H Thakre (Akpuri) and Prashant Gharde (Kolambi).According to tehsildar Rupesh Khandare, he has received a complaint from the NCP leader and YDCC bank vice president Babasaheb Gade Patil alleging that the trio has deliberately manipulated the voters lists during the civic election.After preliminary enquiry, it was found that they have been guilty of dereliction of duties and hence kept under suspension, Khandare further informed that they will have to face departmental enquiry and prove their innocence, failing which further action will be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12013007", "title": "'Lights will increase jams, accidents'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The plan of UT administration to install light points at all crossing situated at arteries and roundabouts on Madhya Marg has evoked sharp criticism from the traffic experts and city residents.Though experts termed the plan against the spirit of National Urban Transport Policy (NUTP), city residents claimed traffic lights will only increase chaos on the city roads. The NUTP is basically in the favour of existence of roundabouts in urban and modern cities terming the roundabout as a speed regulator which also decreases the possibility of road accidents. Harman Sidhu, who runs a road safety organization, said, \"More traffic lights on Madhya Marg will only increase traffic jams and the possibility of road accidents on this 8km stretch.\" Sidhu maintained that maximum road accidents are reported at the light points on Madhya Marg, saying that most of the drivers of speeding vehicles fail to control the speed at red signals.Sudhir Kumar, resident of Sector 7, said, \"The installation of lights at arteries only increases confusion and problem. Commuters get stuck in jams at all roundabouts at Dakshin Marg, where traffic lights are installed.\"The five traffic light points on Madhya Marg include Housing Board light point, Kalagram light point, Railway light point, Transport light point and light point of sectors 17/8. The marg also contains six big arteries including PGI roundabout, sectors 11/15 roundabout, Rose Garden roundabout, sectors 8/18 roundabout, sectors 26/27 roundabout, Grain Market roundabout.DSP (Rtd) P S Malik, who has been in charge of traffic wing, said, \"The roundabouts always prove beneficial in decreasing the numbers of road accidents and the frequency of traffic signals change regularly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016565", "title": "'Our music reflects our Indian roots'", "text": "They don't like to compartmentalise themselves to any one genre of music, but if one were to categorise Advaita's music, then Indian classical with a blend of rock and electronica would fit the bill.Formed in 2004, the Delhi-based band comprises eight members - Chayan Adhikari (vocals, acoustic guitar), Ujwal Nagar (Hindustani vocals), Anindo Bose (keyboards and electronics), Suhail Yusuf Khan (sarangi and Hindustani vocals), Aman Singh (drums), Abhishek Mathur (electric guitars and electronics), Gaurav Chintamani (bass guitar) and Mohit Lal (tabla and percussion). The band won many accolades for their 2009 debut album, Grounded In Space. Recently, Advaita launched their second album in the city and BT caught up with the boys for a chat.\"In the broader scheme of things, people call our music 'fusion', but we see ourselves as contemporary Indian sound. Our music reflects our Indian roots in terms of compositions with influences of jazz and rock. Ex-member and guitarist Aditya Balani coined the name of our band. It's an apt name as it reflects the Advaita theory of music - that music is all around us. We have varied backgrounds and influences but one sound,\" say Anindo and Chayan, who are in-charge of the English lyrics of their songs, describing what the band is essentially about. Meanwhile, Ujwal and Suhail take care of the lyrics written in Indian languages inspired by traditional Indian bandish, ancient poems, sufi poets, etc. \"You can say that our lyrics and music have spiritual influences but we are not doing it intentionally. We explore the musical aspect of spirituality and not spirituality per se,\" clarifies Ujwal, dispelling notions that they are a spiritual band outfit.The Silent Sea contains 10 songs, some of which are Dust, a progressive rock number with the sound of sarangi, questioning the purpose of existence; Gorakh, based on the classical Raag Gorakh Kalyan, talks about longing; Meinda Ishq has Punjabi lyrics written by Suhail, which is about devotion meant for God, a lover or a friend. Their songs are interpreted differently by different members of the band, as every song has a different mood and meaning.Advaita is also inspired by Western bands like Zero, Seven, Pink Floyd, Radiohead, besides fusion band Shakti and music maestro AR Rahman. Though all of them are full time musicians, they keep themselves busy pursuing music-related hobbies. For example, Abhishek, Gaurav and Anindo run sound studios, whereas Suhail, Chayan, Mohit and Ujwal teach music and Aman teaches how to play the drums.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12012230", "title": "Free health camp at GPO on Feb 26", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Postal department and Dr Purnendu Narain Sinha Memorial Foundation -- a city-based charitable trust -- have decided to jointly organizing a free health checkup-cum-health awareness camp here at Patna GPO on Sunday.\"This camp is open for everybody,\" Anil Kumar , director marketing, postal department told TOI. He added that over 60 doctors of the city along with their team comprising nursing staff, pathologists and technical assistants have given consent to participate in the camp.Some of the prominent doctors participating at camp include Dr Sanjeev Kumar (cardiologist), Dr Shailendra Kumar (general physician), Dr S N Mishra (cardiologist of Indira Gandhi Institute of Cardiology), Dr Shiv Kumar Prasad (ENT specialist), Dr Ranjan Akhauri (eye specialist), Dr Narendra Prasad (surgeon) and Dr Anwarul Hassan (homeopath).Medical tests for blood sugar, blood pressure, hemoglobin, BMI (body mass index), BDT (body density test), ECG (electrocardiogram), ENT, Thyroid and various other tests related to abdominal, eye test, heart and bone density would be carried out by eminent doctors, even free medicines would be given to the needy patients, Kumar said.On this occasion, the theatre group of Hitaishi Happiness Home, Buddha Colony would also stage a street play on 'addiction and its bad effect' at GPO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12013738", "title": "Harbhajan's namesake in visa fraud: Police probe role of bank staff", "text": "JALANDHAR: The manager of HDFC Bank branch in Civil Lines has confirmed to police that the account statement used by cricketer Harbhajan Singh's namesake for getting US visa had actual details of his account. Police officials are now probing the bank staff involved in providing the account statement.British high commission has refused a visa to Harbhajan Singh of Patti, in Tarn Taran disitrict, after his bank statement was found to be \"fake.\"A screening of the statement revealed that the mother's name in the statement was different from that of Bhajji's. After the high commission forwarded it to Jalandhar police, it was found that the statement pertained to the cricketer's account, which reflected a balance of Rs 4 lakh.\"We have sent a message to Harbhjan Singh of Patti, whose relative has claimed that the statement was given by the agent. We are waiting for Harbhajan to answer our queries in detail,\" a police official said.\"His ( Harbhajan's namesake) relatives have told us that he works in an oil company and in Mumbai,\" said ADCP (headquarters) H P S Khakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12011837", "title": "Bid to cut metro costs gathers steam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A serious effort to scale down costs of the construction of the elevated metro rail corridor is on at the moment. A team of engineers is employing a unique construction technique while constructing the pillars of the elevated corridor at Koba circle in Gandhinagar, which, if successful, can cut costs by at least Rs 2,500 crore. On the metro route of 48 kilometres, a total of approximately 1,600 pillars would be required involving a major component of the costs of the Rs 12,000 crore project.Instead of employing a group piers or pillars of 1.1 metre diametre each clubbed together, MEGA engineers are experimenting with a monopile support of 2.4 metre on which a mono pillar will be raised for the corridor. The Bangalore metro project has employed this technique successfully. The monopile has been successful for the Dubai metro rail and in a south east country, according to MEGA officials. A31-metre deep monopile at low level has been dug at the Koba circle supported by hydraulic jacks with sensors on its base. tnnThe concrete is being curated for 27 days and pressures measuring up to several thousands of tonnes will be applied from the top. This will help the engineers study the stress levels that the pier support can take with respect to the soil of that area.\"The single mono pier technique is safe, does not compromise on structural stability and comes in handy when we have to cut on the time for construction in metro projects. In this construction, most single piers are supported on 2.2m and 2.4m diametre bored monopiles,\" says a senior MEGA official.Till a week ago, engineers from a leading Dubai-based construction company were stationed in the city to examine the monopile experiment. \"We are sure that the experiment will come out successful,\" adds the MEGA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12010941", "title": "What\u2019s in a name? It could land you in jail!", "text": "BHOPAL: Sometimes, sharing a common name with someone can land you behind bars. Especially if the law keepers are in a tearing a hurry.Bhopal police, looking for a man who tried to kill another, picked up an elderly man who bore the same name, just when he was negotiating a marriage alliance for his daughter, and produced him in court. The court promptly sent him to jail for two years, leaving the victim completely flummoxed.But the jail authorities noticed that his credentials just did not match with that of the original accused. There were many red police faces as the bewildered man was quietly taken back to the court, and then told to go away.The incident took place in the Aishbagh locality on Wednesday. The police picked up a man named Raees (61), who is an auto driver, from his home leaving him and his family perplexed.The cops produced him in the district court and the court sent him to jail, to serve a two-year term.But at the jail, his credentials, including his father's name, did not match that of the accused in the case and the jail personnel questioned him at length. The jail officials asked the embarrassed cops to take the man back.Free after a day-long ordeal, a much releved Raees told ToI : \"I was sitting with some guests at my home when the police came in and arrested me. They didn't say or ask anything, but simply took me to the district court. The judge there handed me a jail term of two years and also imposed a fine. Thereafter, I was taken to the central jail.'' He said.``But luckily, when the jail authorities verified my details, my father's name did not match with that of the real accused. Then they told me I have been \"wrongly detained\", and took me back to the court. I was finally allowed to go by the evening\", he added.But he is still a worried man. \"The arrest was a big embarrassment. We had some guests who had come to see my daughter for a marriage alliance, and we were discussing it when the police took me away. I am not sure if they would go ahead with the proposal now\".The police were actually looking for a certain Raees, son of Waheed, in an attempt to murder case. Officials of the Aishbagh police station said a warrant was issued for his arrest by the High Court, and somehow they mistook this Raees for that one, since the name and locality were common to both.But Raees is not convinced by that explanation. \"How could the police make such a mistake. I am over 60 years, and the accused Raees is only about 30\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-24"}
